1	Well that's the thing, what mistakes have they actually repeated? And I wouldn't call two separate fines for two separate and different situations a repeat.   For the most part, they haven't repeated past mistakes, so until they make the same mistake twice, it seems they're learning from them. People just get hung up on that one mistake the first time something happens because we're all so used to other competitive organizations having very well defined and fleshed out rules that have been refined over a long period of time, while competitive LoL is still in its infancy compared to other competitive sports.   Esports is still a relatively new field and Riot is doing a lot to progress it, which carries with it the fact that they don't have much to go off of, because, afaik, nobody has really taken esports this far yet. Yes, there's been Starcraft and CS and multiple other games, but definitely not on the scale of LoL.   I'm not saying Riot can do whatever they want and it's excusable, I'm just saying that we need to look at the big picture. Riot screwed up with Gambit and London, so now they're doing everything they can to make sure Worlds is all prepped and ready to go, to prevent that situation from happening again. This issue with Regi (who imo does deserve to get punished) will hopefully bring around some changes to the rulebook. Maybe refining the rule they cited to fine Regi, as well as a rule to explicitly mention that players shouldn't be announced as playing in the LCS before they're cleared. Riot should be adding things to the rule book as the situations arise, and I'm sure they will, of course they couldn't have done it while the Regi situation is still ongoing, because it looks very bad if you make a new rule for that situation, while that situation is still a problem.
0	psych major here, so allow me to just say this. when women say things, they are often misinterpreted by the opposite gender. Same goes for women when men say things. It's more frequent than you'd think, hell you could almost set your watch by it when ever you please. It's just the way our brains are naturally wired a bit differently.
1	It's deleted now, can someone
1	I've said this so many times: WHY do people have such a problem with Yi? I love playing him, he's one of my favorite champs, and he's also viable (I play him at 1600, Atlanta plays him in pro tourneys).   Ok, I'm going to analyze this OP's points:   >His mana pool is lower than normal.   I haven't ever looked at this, but mana isn't usually a problem for me; maybe his most valid point? That Yi has slightly lower than usual mana?   >His W is on an absurdly high cooldown.   It's a really good skill in certain situations, I don't think it's an "absurdly" long CD but hey, maybe you know more about what the CD of that unique spell should be than I do. Furthermore, I don't think Yi's W (while a cool skill) has anything to do with his viability.   >His E is outdated and doesn't follow the normal mechanics of an activated steroid (see Xin Zhao: retains the attack speed after pressing W; See Fiora: Retains her AD after Parry; See Gangplank: Retains his movespeed and AD after the morale buff times out).   No, it's not. XZ was originally like this but had his changed only so he would be viable in the jungle. Yi doesn't need that help.   >His R only gains the cooldown bonus if he gains an assist during the duration of the ult. This is counterproductive in a team based game where the objective is not WHO gets the kills but rather just killing the enemies, aka "teamfights". A team shouldn't be forced to have to feed Yi kills just so his ult keeps up.   Yi has really high dps. Most of the time he gets the kill; if not he then has a 30s CD on his ultimate which is fine for a gank; you only need it once. In a lategame teamfight, if he hasn't gotten 2 assists in 12 seconds it doesn't matter anyway.   So again, I don't see what the problem is. Master Yi is deceptively tricky to play well as, he took me a long time to learn. Multiple people have shown that Yi is around average in viability, definitely not in the bottom third. Many champs need help more than him.
1	It's because riven is an easy champion to learn, but very hard to master. Easy to play in normal games and actually quite easy to do good with up to mid gold. Above that, people know how counter riven. Unless you're actually good with her, you can't 1v2 the jungler and enemy top laner anymore at lvl 6, but the bads think they can because "they main riven". They are too ignorant to accept that they lost their lane, and begin to tilt after two deaths. If somebody mentions that they aren't doing very well they will tell everybody to shut the fuck up or they'll afk.
1	The biggest problem with an ARAM queue is the word "Random".   Random means that basically nobody can be accountable for their actions. An example would be that I own Nasus.  I loved Nasus back when I first started playing. He was the first champion I bought, and for my first hundred games I thought he was perfect.  However, if I ever get Nasus in an ARAM I'm positive I will either feed in a way that looks intentional or I will do absolutely nothing until they towerdive. Simply put, I don't know how to play Nasus in any meanful way and in the case of ARAM, I'd rather I didn't have him.   Fast Foward to the end. I've gone negative and it looks TERRIBLE on the K/D/A scoreboard. Should I be reported?   I am no causual player, but unless I get a champion that I can work with easily in ARAM (an AD carry, AP carry, or some other sort of assassin/tank) I will probably look guilty of feeding even if i play to the best of my abilities. If this was ranked then talk about ELO hell.  I actually wouldn't be able to carry if I got a bad champion, forcing me to dodge or pretend it's fine to lose because of bad luck.  Those that move up in our hypothetical ranked server may do it because they dodge, those who fall may fall because they let themselves be terrible champions for the sake of the word "random".   If you think this is a workable system, I do hope you get a solo queue on your own server where you can tear at the throats of like-minded individuals for not following the meta of "heal/clarity".   Otherwise, you agree that this game type cannot be graded on the same scale of seriousness with 5's or 3's. The only reports you should have should be AFKing, spamming, or a player just being a general douche-canoe. In which case you should feel free to report as you would in a normal.   However, if I am in the game with you, your opinion shouldn't affect mine at all. Your problem is with the AFK'er, not me and if you state your opinion of "  should be reported", i should feel free to put forth my retort of "_ 's mother could have just died. Take it easy, it's a custom".   That is why I doubt queue's ability to effectivly reduce toxic players, but honestly, ARAM would SUCK if it were not for the annoying dodges early. Get a bad sport who gets a random champion they don't want to play? I've had people in regular 5's game choose an already chosen roll rather than dodge, it will be no different here. They either try to force others to dodge (probably taking a 5 minute punishment) or bitch that someone refused to trade them Nidalee then feed/afk in game.   It's not like a troll who is committed to trolling is going to NOT make an excuse for it, if it's not that it's a custom, it's that it's ARAM, or that it's Tuesday, or that they are the best Nid ever, or that they can't play their champion. And it's not like I, chill mother-fucker that I am, will be any more likely to report the troll.  I'll sit there with my "deal with it" glasses on thinking "who gets mad in an ARAM?"   Aside from accessability, queue adds nothing.   P.S. First post ever!  Finally broke me from lurking, you'll always be my first <3.
0	As a person with A.D.D. I'm not sure how I feel. I started taking it the end of my junior year of high school. By that time I was struggling with depression because of the stress from school. Even after I started taking vyvance, my gap was so bad I was sucidide for a short time. After high school I went to community college for a year and made deans lost both semesters I was there. I then transferred to a state school and am maintaining a 3.75 gap. I've never been happier in my entire life. Almost everything in my life, EVERYTHING, is better now. On the other hand, I don't think I would understand my personality as well or how I think off of meds if I had never experienced it for so long. Now people don't notice I have A.D.D and when I mentioned it to a few people they didn't believe me. I'm ok with that though most of the time.
1	I may not have the 90 minutes to watch all the way through, even though I do appreciate the detail and work he put into this.   Anyone have a
1	What?  Crumbzz and scarra were the ones that carried Dig to 2nd in NA Regionals and proved to be arguably the best top laner NA.  This isn't mentioning he had more success in tournaments as top than jungle and this being that his style of jungling was out of the meta at the time.   Oh ya, he was probably a mid laner just as long as a jungler.  This being said he has shown that he is quick at adapting, so the major changes in the jungle might prove to be an advantage for him.
0	I had to read it from the thumbnail because I can't go to qkme.me from my governemnt computer but I'm pretty sure I know what it says and I have the perfect story for this.   So I had this friend who went to a different high school then I did, I met him through a group of mutual friends. This kid was always happy and you would never think anything was going downhill for him. Well apparently it was, one day he just shot himself in the head, he never asked anyone for help, never told people he was depressed, nothing. Zero signs. Now I wasn't really good friends with him, I'd known him for like a month maybe, and didn't see him everyday.   The mutual group of friends on the other hand, they hung out all day, everyday for the past like 8 years. Well obviously this shit hit's them hard. I was shocked because out of all the times I talked or hung out with him he just seemed so happy. Well eventually things blow over, and like all people we go on with life.   Well one day the group of friends is hanging out some where and someone cracks a joke about suicide, so this girl decides that it's offensive to her, understandable, if you lose a close friend to suicide it can change the way you look at things. Here is the catch, she'd never personcally known someone who committed suicide. Here is what she says to them "Umm that's not funny, there was a kid at my school named A who killed himself" Now A just so happened to be the very good close friend of the group. My buddy S literally had to be talked out of beating the shit out of her in public. They had to physically escort him away from her because his rage was becoming uncontrollable
1	You tell them to go ahead, then play as good as you can and make sure you learn from the mistakes you make.
1	But if you got told you were reported 4 times for verbal abuse, said nothing in all chat in the game, or post game chat and non of your team said to report you in all or post game chat you know it was your team mates and if you were that way inclined look at recently played and message them.
1	I also get major anxiety playing normals (I just play bot games and ARAM's since it's less stressful.) But playing with a friend in normals or ranked is always the best thing. You know you are doing your best and your friend knows that so it is alright if either one of you do poorly.
0	I think I'll tell a story.   My wife and I moved back to the inner-city based on a few factors, we both felt called to do so (don't crucify me here reddit), I was tired of my knee jerk racist reactions, I was also tired of judging one culture from the safety of my own.  We did not step back in hopes of changing the world, but changing ourselves.   My first week there my rear window was shot out by a .22 while I was returning from mowing lawns in a blighted area of our neighborhood.  Then when I pulled over to a fast food joint to dump ice water over my head and try to come down off the adrenaline twitches, I was car jacked for that same lawnmower (side bar: jacked by a white tweaker).  These were not the last incidents of violence and aggression and after three years I developed PTSD and am now in therapy.   The point of relaying this backstory is this, the police in the inner-city are out resourced and outgunned.  The frequency of violent crime is such an extent that the primary purpose of law enforcement is containment.  Don't let it spread, keep it boxed into a certain area.  It's the third world here, people living in fear or adopting themselves into thug-culture and attempting to beat it back through pure brutality.   I became the cop caller in my neighborhood, as the police responded to my calls for what we assume is my white mid-west suburban accent. Before you go all "Racism!", please note that the police were called for domestic disputes constantly by my neighbors, they were called in as relational arbiters, not as law enforcers.  This has embittered the local officers into not taking a call seriously unless there is a weapon present.   To close this cultural expose' out let me say this, you can call the police, and you can report what has happened -- however if you don't have the resources to protect yourself you will be perped on, and it will escalate.  We recently had another car shot up and the front of our house shot up while we were sleeping.  It is not prudent or profitable to involve the police in anything, besides stopping a crime in progress.   I have learned this the hard way, and put my family at risk in the process.  Do not judge the situations of these people from a myopic viewpoint of relative suburban safety.  Thug culture is loud and proud and they WILL kill you if you disturb them.
1	I have to agree with this guy.  I'm absolutely awful at the game, and yet I managed to get into Gold V (dropped after a while due to inactivity and am now residing in Silver I because I'm not too bothered about ranked).  I skipped Bronze entirely and began my ranked journey (after placement matches) in Silver III.   Granted, I was duo queuing for all of my ranked games, but I was duoing with a friend who was trying to win his promotion series into Plat, so I was always placed against Golds and Plats, the odd Diamond ended up in our games too for some reason.  And I supported in all but I believe two of my games, in which I was forced into jungling (easily my weakest and most hated role) but I still won one of those somehow!
1	I like how all the posts like this always end up having "they'll make up a system" or "idk how it works but we could have a system". No, it's not possible. Creating an automated tribunal, or just automated monitoring system is impossible. You just find the key words, avoid them, and exploit the hell out of it. It actually makes things worse since "stfu noob" is one thing but "I'll kill your mother with a rusty knife" has quite a bigger impact. Making people get creative is not a good solution by any means.   Also while I like your theory you're missing some very key points.     while the tribunal may cause this in some people it also can have the opposite effect. People see the tribunal as a place where they get judged by their peers and they hate their peers and think they're trolls so they never want to get there.     this isn't remotly the whole reason why people troll and rage. The reason this game has more rage than any is primarily because of how it's set up.       You take a starcraft ladder and put it in a dota style game. People get infinitly more competetive when there is a ladder (you can see, I know dota has hidden but that's different) involved, losing isn't an option. Then put the fate of that game in other peoples hands? Hell yea people are going to rage no matter what.     trolls will be trolls, mostly refering to normals as the last one was refering to ranked. You'll always have people in it to dick around, that's the nature of any online game.
1	i know that feel bro but once in a while u will get such offers and u can actually take it... u just have to make silly-sounding offers to the peoples where they think they will win...  I once had a guy that had no clue of the game and flamed me like hell and i told him that he simply doesnt have the mindset nor the skillset to call me a bad player and i simply told him that i could crash him even if i play soraka against any champ he wants. Since i was pretty sure he isnt good enogh to know about counters and stuff. SO he agreed to soraka and picked xin in his 1v1 and i smashed his face to the ground over and over again and at the end of the game he came and said: "Okay, gg, you are a good player and i am just too bad to notice it. exactly what u said earlier on"  I was crying to see such awesome behaviour even if the most stupid players would rage and say it was luck.
1	do I need damage- no.   -> buy liandries? !?????   I think its pretty easy really. Its relative to the amount of heals and shields you can get on primary targets without effecting their usage too. If you are healing / shielding diving tanks a lot, censor is not ideal. However if you are janna I think its pretty much ideal every game (the AD+ AS steroid on a carry is brilliant), and can be pretty great on nami too.   For alistar its a trade off, I'd usually prefer to buy more tankiness and censor as a bit of luxury item. In some situations you won't even be in heal ranged of your carries (depending on the way you need to play it) so censor would be wasted.   With nami , like janna it synergises really well with your e , meaning that carries can maximise the output of your e from your attackspeed bonus too, but using heal proactively to proc censor rather than reactively (to heal..) isn't always ideal, also it won't only be carries that require heal.   I wouldn't buy it on orianna or nidalee, though I wouldn't play them as support anyway. Karma I don't think its worthwhile either. You are better off investing the gold into either mikaels or your own offensive items. You will get more gold per cost from your own offensive items than trying to use censor to its full gold efficiency.   Taric is better off going full tank (I'd only play him against full ad comps where I'm essentially the full armor frontline/stunbot providing a 40~+ armor aura). Thresh is not worth as your lantern isn't a reliable source of censor uptime. Kayle would be better off buying other items too.   Sona and soraka will lose a lot from rushing censor, and they need to be tanky too. I feel its quite strong on sona, and probably situationally strong on soraka too, but both champions will want mikaels as a higher priority. If the game lasts to an extent where they can buy censor, I think its an OK pickup, not as strong as on janna or nami though.
1	Dude i have a smurf as well, and I dislike those lvl 30 being rude and stuff to you real noobs (nothing offending) Theyre like OMG noob stop feeding while the guy's just got 50 games max. Hate that cause you can't learn from that. And actually I found out that most lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Ofcourse i'm trollin people at those game, getting strange picks, AP ashe and stuff, and I still carry cause I know the mechanics, but i'm sick of people here to rape noobs, and raging flaming at their teamates.
1	You seem to think that you are only an intentional feeder if you get a high amount of deaths. I have had many people who die 2 or 3 times then when people ask them to be more careful (ok most of the time they are being dicks about it, but still) they then intent feed 2 or 3 more kills to lose us the game.
1	Think of it like this: If a team underperforms and then in a game plays more-less good and goes even (At least for the 1st period), they're gonna praise them for doing something good (Not trashing TSM), and when a team that has been doing extremely good underperforms, they're going to point out what they did wrong, whilst assuming that everyone knows they are really good.
1	To be honest I don't understand the need to remove certain content. Reddit is a self-moderating environment which means everything that majority of the community wants to see hits the front page.   There are like 20 league related subreddits. While I do agree on separating some content from the main subreddit (such as /r/summonerschool and /r/LeagueOfMemes), I find it absolutely idiotic to make a separate subreddit for League fanart etc. I for one (and I think alot of people would agree with me on this one) NEVER browse other League subreddits. For example I would love to see some cool league fanart/cosplay but I would never go to it's dedicated sub and browse through ALL the fanart to get to the stuff I might enjoy. Instead I would like cool fanart to hit main subreddits front page. And if people upvote it, then hey, it's cool and people like it so why the hell not?
0	In kindergarten, my best friend was overly hyper. Whenever we would hang out at her house, weird shit would happen; i.e. throwing things out of her second-story bedroom window for fun, etcetera. Well, one day, for some reason she just stripped off all her clothes. Started running around the house STARK naked giggling like a madman. Her mom got pissed, grabbed the little shit, and started spanking her HARD in front of me. My friend, obviously, started crying and I was just too shocked and scared to know what to do.
1	If that happens i would stop playing because that would be rediculous   So if they change a hero you're going to quit the game because they fill a different role? Really? It beats her not being viable at all, literally, at all. She basically can't do anything but jungle, and that even is super weak.
0	This was my life recently.   She just needed two days to think but she knew she wanted to be with me.  That time kept growing and growing, all the while she had no problems going out with friends she only had a problem seeing me.  Then every time I got angry about it and wanted some sort of a concrete answer she would get angry and say I was throwing away our relationship.  Then I saw her at the concert we were supposed to go together to with another guy.
0	When I was about the same age, my sister and I were watching TV in my Grandmother's house in what was deteriorating Gary, Indiana. Whenever I went there, I would play with my Uncle's old toy guns which he played with as a kid. Well one year, I found one of these guns hidden behind a pillow where my grandmother had slept. I thought nothing of it and playfully pointed it at my sister who was watching TV. I suddenly noticed the weight of this one was heavier and it sounded like there was a lot more metal clanking around than the ones I had previously played with. I brought it to my mom and she started freaking out about finding the "hidden guns" around the house. I froze up on the spot realizing I had almost killed my sister. She didn't even turn around the whole time. I remember it like it was yesterday, even though it is ~15 years later.   All I have to say to OP is: Treat your sister well. What happened, happened. Go hug her and be glad she is still there to hug. Something much worse could have taken place that day.
0	Not me, but a friend of mine [F] was dating a guy (lets call him bob) who ended up proposing to her before leaving to Japan. ( he is in the navy).   Well she cheated on him with a lot of guys and she made it seem like they had broken up so i did not think anything of it. Later Bob comes home and after meeting up with her, i guess he checked her phone or something so he calls me up and asks me if she has cheated on him. i told him the truth but i also told him that i had no idea they were still together.   so she threatens to kill herself if he leaves her. he ends up leaving her and than all hell breaks lose. she calls him saying she is going to swallow a lot of pills and he'll never find her. he got me involved and i had to get her dad involved and let him know what happened. we find her at a park and dumb butt tried to take vitamins and i think advil.   they never got back together but her parents didnt know what to think so they admitted her to the loony bin for about a week or two.   sorry for the grammar
1	While players certainly can and do increase in skill, it does not happen in a vaccuum (all those players who are better than them are also practicing and improving). Also, changes in a players skill  in comparison  to their peers only really happens under 2 circumstances.   When a player first appears on the scene, there's a few month period where they have to get adjusted. During this time they can vastly improve in skill (Sneaky from C9, for example his first split in LCS to second showed massive improvements). After that period is over, their skill is pretty much set, as long as they're on that team. I can't think of one example of a player who was mediocre for a prolonged amount of time, then suddenly became great (for a prolonged amount of time...1 or 2 weeks of playing great does not count). However,  if  a player is mediocre for a prolonged amount of time, then gets an entirely new team, they  do  have another chance to improve.   Even if all the players are good, change is neccesary for stagnating teams. There is simply no way around it. The best example of that ever was shown this year with the Samsung teams. Both Dade and Pawn are exceptional players, and just by switching them (which, on paper, is approximately a net even trade), it vastly improved both teams. They were both stagnating, and change fixed that despite not even being a straight upgrade for either team.   Cloud 9 is often praised for their stable roster, but where has it gotten them? A quarterfinal appearance in S3, and a full year of the same roster has gotten them a quarterfinal appearence in S4. S5 will likely be the same (depending on how the brackets play out they might do slightly better or slightly worse, same as this year). Unchanging rosters make fans happy. Unchanging rosters will keep both of these teams at or near the top of their respective regions (which I guess is fine if that's all they're aiming for). Unchanging rosters will never improve past their current form.   Some teams understand this. SKT was a top 5 team in the world (some would even argue the 3rd best in the world), and yet they completely changed their entire bot lane. Why? Because 3rd-5th is not good enough, and they know that 3rd-5th is all they would ever be if they made no change (of course that was assuming all the teams above them didn't suddenly disband...but that's beside the point).
0	human are the most complex and superior beings in the universe, telling them it's ok to be fat is retard and anyone who does it should be ashamed. “No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable.” - Socrates. also in the matter of the mind, don't let them think it's ok do nothing for life, you're letting them grow with a weak brain.
1	I dont know about anyone else, but for me.. honestly i dont know if i can still be a fan of MRN anymore if this change stays.  I loved neintonsoh's play in the LCS and he did very well, im not saying that hes not good or anything and that this roster change wont be better for the team but... this just isn't the same MRN that i've come to love and be a fan of.   Even just taking out one player from the team is just depressing.  The MRN I am a fan of is the same MRN that got into the LCS Qualifiers just mere hours before the deadline, the MRN that made a huge upset going 2-0 in the group stages, then coming back from the losers bracket to beat not only one (Meat Playground) of the "better/team's to win" but TWO of them (DirtNap).  Both series of those games made me so excited to watch these games cause they were extremely entertaining and fun to watch. I instantly became a fan and cheered them on for every game they played and it was so awesome to watch them win their games especially against CLG and TSM. I was gonna buy a shirt from the site sometime soon and represent it, but now... no way can i do that.   This change might be better off for the team, but i gotta say, I dont know if anyone else out there agrees with me or not, but, im no longer gonna be a fan of team MRN.
0	This reminds me of a when I went to a toilet in Malaysia, every single stall was occupied so I waited in line casually. A man walked out of the stall, cool, nobody went in, weird.. counted to ten (waiting for someone to go) then asked the guy next to me if he wanted to go in, he was explaining something with huge gestures and a lot of hand movement, I understood nothing and just walked in taking his answer as a no. I unzipped took out my Arabian cobra spurt out the venom.  ahhhhh holy mother of Khadeeja!  whilst peeing, I hear a loud "ahem", I hear it again louder and clearer and more emphasized "AHEM". It was the stall next to mine, naturally I looked left, I vaguely saw something quivering (like a wasp trapped in a small jar) with my peripherals, I looked furthermore to the left and a little under and suddenly  HOLY MOTHER OF FAYROUZ  it's a small flaccid penis! No wonder the toilet was so clean!
1	Why are people so angry" is just the age old LoL question.  I feel like you could easily do a psychological study on the playerbase of this game because it's so fucking volatile lol.   People's ELO rides on ranked games, yes, but people rage  just as much  in normal games.  I think it mostly has to do with the time investment.  Ideally people want to spend 1 hour in this game and have an epic time getting their build together and crazy teamfights and etc. etc.  If things aren't going well, then your ability to enjoy the game also goes down, and that can mean anywhere from 20 mins to 1 hour of wasted time, because you can't really leave.  This is what truly enrages people.  As they begin to lose they realize that they are going to be denied the sweet mental opiate of victory and that it will be a slow, painful process on the road to defeat.  They rage because it is happening but they also rage because they fear that, even though it's not necessarily happening.  There is nothing fun about getting rolled.  Only a close loss can be described as fun.   The other factor is that a large amount of this community are just little twats.  Little kids.  Immature, rat-mouted little egocentric twat bastards.  You know who I'm talking about.  As others have said, it's indicative enough that many of them are so afraid of "looking bad" to internet opponents that they have to spend the game in [All] chat bitching out their teammates.   But even if you removed all-chat from the game that wouldn't stop anything.  These are the same kids who threaten to go afk if they don't get the lane they want.  The same kids who are calling GG 5 minutes in the game when your team is down by 2 kills, or because they don't believe in the team composition, etc. etc.  As others have mentioned, it is literally impossible for many players to blame themselves for  anything  because they have such tiny, underdeveloped brains and egos.  Even if they are doing PISS POOR they will find a way to blame anybody but themselves.   Possibly one of the most satisfying things in this game is when one of these shitheels is raging 5 minutes in, talking shit, trying to command everyone, surrendering the second a single teamfight is lost, etc.... and then your team pulls it out and wins because  what the fuck, the game was actually close but you were too full of e-rage to fucking know that.   Generally they then try to act cool like they were never raging at all to avoid getting reported by both teams, who then report him anyway.   I'm sure many of these pieces of shit are here right now.  You know exactly who you are; well no, you probably don't because you have a completely delusional self-image.  I am honestly skeptical that even OP wasn't just one of these people himself, but I obviously have to give him the benefit of the doubt.  Nonetheless I have never been in a game where people reacted negatively to a remark like "Guys, please play a bit safer."  Normally that goes over just fine.  Half of the shit I see in this game is shit talking coming from some guy eerily like the OP's description who thinks he's Team Captain because he has a nice K:D ratio and decides he needs to communicate by berating everyone around him, raging in all chat to excuse himself to the other team, etc. etc. Not saying you did that, but I'd say your situation is way less common than the reverse.
1	I see a lot of people mentioning that the High ELO players and competitive teams trying this strat are losing a lot, but not acknowledging that there is a team winning. Notice that both sides are using this strat, so even if the player you are watching is losing, that means the other side is winning while using the strat. No one said jungling was bad because they were watching TheOddOne and he lost some games while he was jungling and the other team had jungler.
1	Will definitely follow your stream to see how you are getting along!   What I respect most about the way you put yourself across is that you aren't set in your ways like some people are. (An example of such is people putting you down for holding off college for a year)   At the end of the day, I'm sure you'll learn a lot from this, probably mostly whilst not even playing the game. You seem like a genuine person, so I wish you all the best, just keep an open mind!   Good luck, and I like the
0	TRUE story: Teacher in 10th grade told me I'd never amount to anything, and I'd be lucky to flip burgers at McDonalds because they would never let me work the register. When I graduated, on graduation day, I made it a point to tell her and a few others to fuck themselves. HS was the worst 4yrs of my life. I was popular, active, was having sex, etc...but the teachers were mostly all horrible.   (Jokes on her, you don't flip burgers at McDonalds!)   and............ ffwd 7 years later, I'm upper management at a Fortune 100 company. I had some issues with the group that set up Blackberries dicking me around. I escalated and had a guy call me at 5pm on a friday before I had to leave for Singapore. Dude is very apologetic and being a real nice guy, but definitely kissing ass.
0	What I'm gathering here is that most Canadians who visit the US probably visit the northeast because it is close to many major Canadian cities (Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa) and shouldn't be surprised to run into rude people. People in the NE are notoriously rude. The simple solution is to stop visiting the NE and visit the south, Midwest, and west. We may not have the Statue of Liberty or the Brooklyn Bridge, but we are courteous and polite. If you give a "sorry" if you bump into someone, you will get a " that's ok," or "you're fine" back.
1	My personal advice would be to actually just try to get used to it.  I know it's probably extremely frustrating and annoying to you but people will just be like that.  You just have to literally not care.  But I will have to agree it's a lot worse at lower levels for I have no idea why people would even intentionally play on their low level smurfs unless they've been banned and are re-leveling (which probably explains their attitude) or something.   Some of those flamers/ragers on your team might even just be little kids.  Like kids will always look for an excuse or blame you to justify any mistake they made so again, it's best just to not care.  As for legitimate criticism on your play, you really don't have to listen to any of it if it's bothering you.  You can always mute them or even just outright ignore it and focus on your own play to self improve.   I generally try to maintain a nice/positive attitude, or simply just not talk.  Whenever someone messes up I try not to say ANYTHING.  Could not just be their game, or they're simply bad but I'll try not to talk or provoke them.  It's frustrating seeing people endlessly feed or people shit talking you but whatever.   Although I'm no saint myself.  I'll have my random days of built up rage but generally I try to keep it myself.  I remember back when I was leveling I would be all nice and positive until someone insulted me, then I'd snap, but I've really really grown accustomed to just not care.  Nowadays if someone is plain out insulting me and I really don't feel like putting up for it I'll just straight up mute them instantly.   Anyways epic wall of text.  Didn't expect to write that much at all but whatever.  It'll get a bit better, but the player base in this game is so large that there will ALWAYS be ragers and shit talkers regardless of what level your account is, so again just not care.  Yeah it's really annoying but whatever, just keep playing and get better.   Good luck man and remember try to have fun d00d! :3
0	I would just like to ask a question. My geography teacher is a celiac, which I completely believe as I have never seen her eat bread or anything that contains gluten (although, I have seen her eat tuna mixed with apples, so yeah) but what I don't believe is the way she acts around food. No one is allow to eat food in her classroom, because of this illness, not because she doesn't want you eat in her room, and if she does see some eating, chewing gum/chocolate/crisps etc, she holds her throat and starts coughing saying she is going to die. Which I don't believe is true. The reason why I am so skeptical is that she lies constantly (She said she was in a flood on a canoe and she could only see the tops of the lampposts. But we googled it and the "flood" was only 2 inches) So my question is, can you not stand next to food, or do you only have the reaction after eating a food that contains gluten, or inhaling (such as flour in the air)?
1	playing 3v3, i was kha zix. Darius ulted me and i just pressed the R button from panic. I didnt die! i became uninvisible and darius flashed to me. ulted me. I pressed R again and again nothing bad happened!   It looked so pro, but it was completely unintentional. without a doubt the coolest thing I ever did in league.
1	Gorilla landed some key hooks (while also missing some key hooks and mistiming Zhonya's/GA/Chronoshift deactivations), but I think Zefa was the MVP for effectively muting Alliance from mid-game onward.   Zefa didn't exactly need protecting---he was often on the front-line even with his range (the preemptive shields helped, of course; they gave him more than 1K additional HP, allowing him to gradually take down turrets/inhibitors with impunity). Goes to show how confident his play was, and to be honest, given the precise interweaving between his positioning and AA , his attitude reflected his play.   I don't follow the OGN religiously, so I don't know where Zefa is ranked. Is he considered a top 3-4 ADC in Korea? He certainly impressed me today with his sieging and positional prowess. I would imagine it's something like:     Deft/Imp   Cpt Jack   Zefa
1	I think the problem that causes this is not actually a misunderstanding of the word "intentionally," but rather that many people only see the first 5 report options. I know i didn't notice the small scroll bar on the side of the report choices at first. When a player aids the enemy team in a way that does not meet the other four options, it makes sense that intentionally feeding would be the only remaining category to explain their actions.
1	Her ult actually does require some skill to use. I remember a couple weeks back there was a thread for people asking mains of champions for tips on how to play certain champions and a lot of people asked how to play Kayle and I gave a lot of good tips in that thread. Her ult is not just press R on someone, you have to first determine who is fed on your team, who is most likely to be focused, etc. In team fights, depending on the positioning of your team, you may have to ult a different person each team fight depending on who is where. Also, a lot of people think a good Kayle ult is when you ult someone who is low and about to die - but that's not good. A good Kayle ult is when you ult someone BEFORE they take a lot of burst damage that way they can get out of the fight with all of/most of their health remaining rather than end a team fight with no health and have to back. Besides, Kayle has less range than Vayne.
0	I just imagine this being the next post she made.   TIFU By talking to this guy in class.  ... ... ...
1	yea it is almost always best to ping it just to make certain your ally sees them. I play Katarina mid, and I cannot count the number of times one of my allies has saved my ass when I was focused on farming or trading and I did not see the jungler walk over a ward. Also it can let me know to start a follow up roam a lot sooner than I would have if they had not pinged.
0	I guess your definition of help consists of "here look at this super complicated castle/redstone mechanism I built for which I may have provided schematics that you have no idea how to read" with the occasional grain of "this is insignificant but sometimes useful"'
1	The reverse side of this coin is say a group of 3-5 friends in the silver 2-gold 1 range are pulling in almost exclusively plat and diamond players in their normals. It happens to me and my buddies everytime we play normals which is the majority of our games. We usually only have 4 people on or folks are not feeling super competitive for ranked at the moment.   So this group of silver/golds goes in to play roles and champs that are outside their comfort zone, either for a change of pace or to learn a new champ for later use. But then the game starts loading, you look up the match info on lolnexus and its a diamond nidalee vs your 1st match Xerath. You get blown up, badly, and now people aren't having fun because now the game is out of control and inhibs are down at 14-16mins so it turns into a 5min waiting game for the surrender timer.   So next game, everyone wants to get a win before people have to sign off. So everyone plays their main role and main champ. At least this way its competitive but people are kind of feeling pigeon holed into having to only play one role and one thing to get a win instead of maybe learning a new champ or having fun with a new build.
1	I say just leave this up to Riot to decide.  It is their game, and they have some obvious things to improve upon as it relates to the competitive scene.
1	I was merely pointing out how ironic it was for someone to seek a position as a creative designer while essentially asking others for ideas. To address some of your points:   >You assumed I can't think for myself and outright condemned me as "uncreative."   Basically. Your claim to be a creative designer is completely contradicted by your asking of the community for ideas. You have yet to give me a reason to believe otherwise, and the very premise of this thread (which is more or less fishing for ideas) leads me to believe you have less-than-selfless motives in asking the community for their ideas.   Sure, it'd be interesting to see what the community wants in regards to skins/champions -- but is it a coincidence that you're suddenly interested in making your very first thread about it as you're submitting an application for a creative design position? I don't think it's outrageous for me to be a bit cynical in this situation, but I do think it's kind of funny how you can claim to be a creative designer and ask others for ideas pertaining to your potential job.   >Your apology sounds sarcastic.   No way.   >You'd be better off not assuming the character of someone you barely know.   So according to this...why the hell should I even believe you're a designer in the first place? I have very few reasons to "assume" you are, other than you claiming that you are.   Seriously though. This is your second post ever in the five months your account has existed, and here you are claiming to be a designer who will potentially create champions/skins at riot without any previous proof or display of your work. Moreover, your overly defensive and self-righteous response further leads me to question the validity of any of this.
1	No offence but the way English is taught in France is beyond terrible. First students start learning English way too late (even though it has gotten better since I was in school), second, learning a language should be fun and entertaining, it should be about making conversation and learning about the culture which is clearly not the way I was taught. I was lucky enough to have an amazing teacher in CM1 (4th grade I think, so 2 years earlier than average) who really made us love English right away (she even took us to visit the chocolate factory in Canterbury in CM2) but aside from that I learned by myself by reading, playing games and watching movies.   Maybe (and I mean maybe since I don't know you) you could teach differently, if your students have fun, they'll most likely start liking the language.
1	I usually take starcall around level 8 or 9, sometimes earlier if my team is going for more early team fights, and just focus on leveling heal and silence evenly (and ult of course whenever possible)   When I poke I just focus on silencing and auto attacking once or twice and move away. Most of the time they don't even react to hit me back and since I'm next to the bush I just walk right in so they lose vision :)   Unless you're laning with an ap caster or a carry with magic damage spells I really see no point in getting starcall early. It might help if you have an ap jungler, but ganks usually don't last that long so it's up to you to decide.
1	Phoenix stance udyr is one of the top wave clear champions and is now extremly strong from feral, and if you can be sparing with mana you can dominate the jungle. Plus the burst damage out damages q stance in a gank scenario 9 out of 10 times.
0	No way, i respectfully disagree. If my woman cheats on me i will blame one person - the woman. She was the one in the relationship, she was the one who betrayed someone's trust and carelessly and selfishly acted. Not the guy. The guys just a guy, they dont matter, as any (attractive) woman can cheat whenever they want, there will be guys lined up ready to sleep with them, thats just the reality of human nature. Thats why its the spouse's responsibility 100% - they are the one cheating, not any of the multitude of men looking for action regardless of a womans relationship status.
0	I don't think "Pride movements" are any kind of real solution. I think they only serve to further draw the line. In a general sense, people who internally devalue any particular group aren't going to see that group's personal pride in their identity and suddenly say "oh yeah, I guess they do have value." I think a generally more common reaction is to understand that personal pride as a "screw you, I don't care what you think cause I like myself" and have further distaste for said group.   I'm willing to be completely wrong, and I hope I am. I know that of course there are individuals who will take up the cause of others but generally those individuals are not already maligning others. That is to say, individual A supports individual B's cause, taking pride in their difference. Individual A probably did not already hate individual B. Individual C does hate individual B and says "stupid individual B, they have nothing to be proud of."   I do think it's important, though, for those underclasses to recognize their own personal value for their own emotional and mental wellbeing. I am not at all trying to say that there should be any sort of suppression to "pride movements."
0	Hijacking for relevant story. My paramedic instructor told us a story about a fellow paramedic who was in a bar, woman next to him goes into cardiac arrest. So said paramedic starts compressions, and attaches an AED. Now this woman was wearing an underwire bra which had to be removed for proper application of the AED. Long story short he successfully resuscitated her, after which she sued him and won for exposing her breasts to the public. I have no proof other than my instructor's word on this. But my point is, people are shit.
1	While this isn't useless information, you've taken zero account of how stats scale, which dramatically affects their gold efficiency. Take Mana Manipulator for example, it might look awesomely gold efficient until you realise that every point of mana regen you buy past the point you don't run out of mana is entirely wasted, and most champions reach that point very easily just by leveling or other standard build paths, so the scaling of the stat falls off a cliff. And there are more complex examples, particularly with AD stats like AS and crit which interact so that their gold efficiency is dependent on how much you have of other stats, leading to a complex series of breakpoints for gold efficiency (relative to effect size) I've yet to see anyone bother to explore.
0	I think the problem here is that feminism has two definitions. One is the definition, and the other is what can logically be deduced by accident. Feminism is defined as: "the advocacy of women's rights on the ground of the equality of the sexes." That is to bring womens rights upto the level of men. The other that can be assumed from hearing "fem-inism" is that female rights first. A more apt name could be "equalist" I suppose to demonstrate the original definition.   You can not, and should not, really oppose the first (and correct) definition. But "feminazis" labels themselves feminists with the latter definition in mind; but as feminism is actually a defensible position in its original definition, contesting the points made makes you a "sexist" for opposing "feminism" (the latter definition, but the former definition is inferred).   You see how difficult it is to actually talk about these points? Hearing "feminism" as a reasonable adult, and hearing "these dirty men" opposing it, you could be forgiven for assuming the men here are being sexist, or old fashioned in their thinking. You automatically start defending the positions of the 'feminists' -without actually hearing and understanding the point.   You read on twitter the female posts of "I don't need feminism" - that is women above men. But hearing that in the news, would you think these women are being narrow minded and pathetic - that they would want to be lesser in rights than men? I knew thats what I thought initially - I had to check the post to make sure when that happened.   <><><>   Oh God this turned into a huge rant.
1	I also played both LoL and SC2 SoloQ. I think it just really depends on the person you are. I get anxiety when playing LoL Ranked Queue but was able to play tons of 1v1 SC2 rankeds in a row without even being nervous. I was more focussed on my build order and the strategy I'm doing this time. I'm not sure why there's a huge difference in feeling anxious (for me at least) depending on what game I'm playing, but it might have to do something with friends. Everytime I lose in LoL, half my friendlist commentates on the loss, which really makes me not wanting to play another one for some reason. It feels like every game matters so much, since I get 10 responses after each one. In SC2 I only had like 2 people in my friendlist, who I started playing with and I didn't feel the need to explain myself after every loss.
0	I wish I could upvote this more than once. I actually had someone who had gotten something for free as a promotion come in and try to return that item. I tried to tell her that since she wasn't charged for the item, I couldn't give her any money back for it. She got really mad and eventually the manager gave her a store credit for it.
1	Look i understand there is a miss conception about certain champions and counter picks. These do not guarantee a win but stack the odd in your favor. The process of picking in ranked is set up for the ability to counter pick and not taking advantage of that is only lessening your chance of winning. It should be clear that your teams first picks should be a relatively safe pick.   I have been playing mid a lot over the past 6 months and have really got into ranked. Especially the picking of teams and the dynamics that come from it. Nothing grinds my gears more then a person counter-picking themselves. if they first pick kassadin DON'T pick karthus. By not  taking advantage of your counter pick you are forgoing a benefit of an early person on your teams being countered.   The nature of picking is blue teams get to pick one "stronger champ" and 2 counter picks. and the purple team get to have three counter picks. its as simple as that. so in my opinion it is really on you for not countering properly and i understand that it takes a while to learn new character but what i dislike the most is that people instead of taking upon themselves  to learn new champ to counter are just complaining that it is expected that they should. I have learnt more in the last 6 month then the last 2 1/2 years under the principle that i am not the best player out there that is in the wrong division but i make mistakes and i do everything in my power to not make them again.   my advice for becoming better at mid is this: Learn these three champs first. Kassadin, Ahri and Ryze these three champs counter the majority of Mids, then add more champions once you feel comfortable. Develop your arsenal and use your tools correctly.
1	they say their team mates make them lose games consistently.   Actually this is very true and the reason I believe Elo hell exists. Before you downvote me, let me explain.   First of all, my biggest gripe about Elo hell is the lack of a standard definition. The most common definition is "my current Elo" so I understand why most people don't take the idea seriously. My definition is a range about 150-25 below your true Elo.   It's hard to argue against Elo hell existing with this definition as long as you accept my next point. Bad players have a bigger impact on the outcome of the game than good players. Carries don't exist in the same form as Dota or HoN. Yes, at a certain point you can carry, and anyone below the stated relative range should be able to carry consistently enough to raise their Elo in a reasonable time frame.   The problem comes from your quote. The team with the most bad players, or the single worst player, usually loses. So unless you are significantly far from your true Elo, and you're not one of the worst players on your team, you have much less impact than you should. I actually did some shitty statistical analysis on my games a year ago when I first came to that conclusion, and the results were mind-boggling supportive.
0	You are mistaken. Pickup trucks are almost all  body-on-frame designs, meaning that the cab and bed are not connected to each other directly, only to the frame underneath. This makes them much more resistant to deformation under heavy towing/hauling. SUVs, on the other hand are almost always unibody (bodywork and frame are integrated), making them heavier and less nimble. Additionally, SUVs have suspension systems tuned for lighter loads than pickups do.
0	your supervisor is not your mother. they are not there to make you feel good. they are there to see you do what you're told, when you're told and how you're told to do it. and there's an entire generation that just entered the work force that momma never said no to, their teachers never said no to, and they're unprepared for the realities of life outside their bubble.
0	I have no problem with traditional gender roles. In fact, I'm currently working part time and since he's full time the bulk of the cleaning and cooking fall on my shoulders. If I went full-time and he lost his job,  he  would take over the housework. Our "roles" are flexible.   Thing is, relationships should not be defined by roles. They are defined by the people  in the relationship.  If your SO insists on paying for everything and you insist on him opening doors for you, and that makes you both happy? More power to you. But the moment we start  expecting  these things to be a societal norm is the same moment we begin to give credence to those who feel a woman's place is in the kitchen.
1	For soloQ, I usually get Chalice (I also usually play lux, with has a super range advantage.) instead of double dorans because I can't trust my teammates to reliable pass it to me, or for myself to keep it. It's the ultimate "Well, I'm not sure on my teammates competency, sooo... I'll trust my own." the Athenes that it builds into is essentially what most AP mids want anyhow.
0	first of im not claiming there is no racism in america.. there certainly is far more than should be tolerable. I just want to clear up the American/African American terminology for you as you don't seem to understand it. African American is a politically correct term for an individual living in America who is of African descent, you can say black if you want they are synonymous, it is simply describing a trait of a person rather than dividing them from the rest of society. You could equally call someone a blonde American or an Irish American or a short American, it is a descriptive term rather than a separative term.   we are certainly a whole, and there are individuals who don't like being compared to negative stereotypes but for you to claim that all Americans of different races buy into them and don't want to be compared to one another is ridiculous, and the fact that you differentiated out white people above all other races to of course be the default racists is itself racist...
0	However, through the vast majority of history, humans didn't "need" as much muscular strength as males today have. In fact, the prevailing theory now is that human males are significantly more muscled than females not because it was necessary for day-to-day survival, but instead was sexually selected for by women! Similarly to how curvier women (larger breasts and rumps) indicated a healthy, fertile female (although not strictly "necessary" to survival), thus large muscles served men. Evidence:   Women would have been-and are- expected to carry their full weight in a communal society, and the male's added muscle was there mostly for show.  Interestingly, human males also don't "need" as long of penises as they have- erect gorilla penises are only 2.5 inches! Men's penis size, again- sexual selection.  Source:
0	that was both hilarious and really misinformed.  ain't no reason a shy, unassertive young man can't end up with a family or their dream job or whatever else it is you envision as solely for 'alphas'.   what that person needs is determination and a strong work ethic.  you don't have to chest pound in order to 'get the girl'.  sure, some girls are gonna go for that, but not every girl.  the stronger the young woman's sense of self is, the more variety you will find in what they are attracted to.
1	This will probably sound pretty dickish, but I rarely honor people, unless they were actually good. In that I mean they either: A.) worked well in laning, team fights, or ganking; B.) communicate clearly and concisely without being condescending; C.) are genuinely helpful, again without being condescending; and finally D.) are a genuinely good opponent (in this I mean someone who doesn't taunt via /all chat, someone who is a good player - enough to make me say out loud "good play!").   There are, however, a few disqualifying factors - Asking for honor, ninja-afk'ing for extended periods of time, or being being condescending / rude.   I honestly think it's like Lyte put it yesterday, "(. . .), Honorable players who are true positive should not be reported very often." ( -  Pattern Recognition ) This really hits the nail on the head. A true honorable opponent shouldn't be getting honor each and every single match, but rather should be a few in between. It sounds kind of backwards, because you'd think that if someone is really deserving of the honor, they will accrue it quickly, but it will probably be the opposite, or at least, they'll accrue it at a median pace. Not being any of the outlier's being people who have 0 honor, and people who have  all the honor!   I say this because everyone has just plain awesome games where they go 60 / 0 / 185 when they end with 12 bloodthirsters, 3 miraculously stacking infinity edges, 8 ionic sparks, 4 warmogs, 17 black cleavers, a guardian angel, and 180 baron buffs that have all stacked, but everyone also have games where they go 0 / 720 / 500 where they end at level 18 with boots of speed and a health potion. No one ever consistently plays a game wherein they're deserving of honor past "Honorable Opponent" or "Friendly". But in my opinion, those 2 are kind of the swing votes of honor. I have absolutely 0 friendly honor, but I have 11 team work and 9 helpful honor votes. Does that mean I'm not friendly? -- Not at all, it just means that I was actually a good player in those games. I've also played a hell of a lot more games then just those possible 11 games where I got honor (I probably play LoL too much), at least 3x that amount.   As it is though, my usual response when people(s) ask for honor is, "If there were any here deserving of honor, I'd have given it." It's a multi fold statement then -- it fulfills my need to be an ass; it tells people who got no honor what I may think of them, especially for asking for it; and it tells people whom I may have awarded honor that I actually think them deserving of it.
0	That's where I lived and live now. I was only out for 2 years to attend a suburban school then came back. Cleveland and Detroit is where I've lived my whole life. I don't know what kids you were dealing with, but the kids in both neighborhoods didn't care about that. Nobody ever argued that Blacks couldn't be racist. Hell, I remember kids admitting their grandparents were racist when we trying to decide where to hang with one of the few white kids in our class. Two couldn't because their grandparents were racist and wouldn't allow a white person in their house.
1	Google Bear Cavalry Sejuani. The number of people who called this over a year ago are numerous.
1	No, no. I meant that Dan Dinh knows more about the players themselves. I mean, he's Regi's brother. He knows how the players, well.. play. :P He knows all their strategies, and he probably plays with them a lot. Rioters don't really know  that  much about them, as they don't see them much asides from tourneys. And look at it this way; Dan probably plays constantly while the Rioters are busy getting ready for the next patch, and the one after that, and even the one after that. Riot is constantly busy producing the game that they don't get to play nearly as much as the pros. You can't disagree with me on that.
1	Elise is just a broken champ right now. She doesn't need any damage items to remain relevant as a burst assassin, just levels.
1	Different skills are important in league. They are differently important at different elos for a variety of reasons.   The most important skill in League (or pretty much anything) is self-analysis. You have to find out why you're losing and why successful people (at that elo) are winning.   I personally had the opposite experience. Silver was trivially easy. As an adc, I could attack the whole fight and successfully kite 1 or 2 bruisers without relying on my team much. Once I got to low gold, I started getting flattened by bruisers. I had to analyze and change before moving forward. It sounds like you simply went into an elo that's more accepting of your skillset. You need to identify that skillset so you can improve it. Mechanics/positioning/objectives/laning/teamfights/awareness/handling team morale/not raging/etc, etc, etc. If you don't adapt, you can be "stuck" "below your level". By "stuck", I mean stuck the same way you can get stuck at math if you don't study math. By "below your level" I mean the same way you might get stuck on statistics even if you know calculus - calc might be more "advanced" but you're at a severe disadvantage in anything that has stats in it if you never work on it.
0	I wish this could be the case, but if they kept the names private, it would be much harder for police and prosecution to find any witnesses. Many cases that involve sexual harassment (i.e. Jerry Sandusky) have a few witnesses that would not have come forward if the name had been kept private. It's kind of a necessary evil IMHO.  That being said , the media does a shit job of reporting things like this because they show most of the negatives about the person accused, and usually when the charges are dropped, they stop covering the story or don't really make as big of a deal of it.
1	I really love Riven jungle. If you have good mechanics and are quite experienced in terms of jungle you can easily carry a game with her.   The changes on her ult recently (i think it was something like total AD scaling instead of bonus AD scaling) are also really usefull for her jungle capabilities because you wont be getting that much farm in the jungle with her thus not getting much bonus AD early on.   You can also try Riven mid, I did this a few times and you can counter things like Kha'Zix or Zed fairly good in my opinion.   I also played Riven as a support on my smurf to show a friend of mine the game
0	So while I think that this person is a GGG in her life, I don't think that makes someone who doesn't choose to do this a Scumbag Stacy, or even just regular.  Each decision when it comes to pregnancy, especially pregnancy and cancer (and a whole host of other illnesses) is complicated and personal and is going to be different for each person.   Some people are going to do what this person did and risk their life in an effort to save the life of their child.  This has both pros and cons, and those cons are very heavy, but for some people the pro (their child living) is worth it.   Other people will think about the cons and value them more heavily.  Does that make them a shitty person? I don't think so at all.  I think they are doing exactly what they need to do.  Maybe it isn't worth it to them to have a child who will grow up without a mother.  I think we have this instinct that a woman is somehow required to value her baby's life more than her own, and I think we should question that.
1	When they made Kha, a versatile assassin that can evolve to suit the situation is EXACTLY what they had in mind.   Except that 3 evolution points allow him to be versatile at pretty much  everything .   >And a jack of all trades assassin isnt really what he would be....He would just take a few different tools depending on what situation allows, the tradeoff being slightly weaker overall damage than other fighters and slightly less burst than assassins, but the capabilities in his kit for both depending on evolution.   What's the point of taking any other assassin then if Kha'zix can fit into any comp?   While cool, I'm thinking the whole concept of versatility based around some choice points on an assassin was an absolutely awful idea, and would have been better for a utility-mage or support. An assassin (based on kits of other champions with the role) is to use their full kit to kill their target/s, and then escape while waiting for cooldowns,  or  have their abilities refresh on a kill/assist and start the whole process over immediately on the next victim.   With that information, why the hell would an assassin need to have versatility and choices in their kit? The only reason would/should be the flavor in which you wish your opponents to die, but currently Kha'zix does everything after 3 evolutions, with sustain, burst, disengage, and survival.  He has no weaknesses .   If hes to be in line with the others (currently, since LB and I imagine Talon and whoever at some point are getting reworks) his kit needs to be balanced in damage and the whole combo needs to be executed correctly. Right now, he spams Q on cooldown, W and/or E to stick to a target, then E and/or Ult to get out of a fight. That is not the way assassins normally work in this game.
0	The way I see it is "It's not really "necessary"." If you catch my drift.   Yeah, I caught it. If they really want you to have one and they want the control over it, make them provide one.   > Can you expand on that? It seems to me like forcing a child to sign a document to attend a government-funded institution is illegal as hell, regardless of them working with you.   Officially signing the document isn't part of the requirements to attend. That's, more or less, how they get away with it. They won't (because they can't) boot you out of school due to your refusal to sign paperwork.   The public school system is a huge grey area, legally. I was one of the more...openly opinionated members of my school, and I spent plenty of time in meetings with administration (at the school, county, and state level) hashing out differences in policies and procedures. I was lucky enough to have legal counsel on retainer (he pretty much got paid $50 a month to sign threat-of-legal-action and cease-and-desist papers that I drafted up myself).
1	I think you need more upvotes.   I am 100% still a noob at this game but I was so impressed with the look of the new Ezreal skin. The changes in how the armor looks through leveling was easily enough for me to be like "holy crap!"   I've only been playing long enough to have tried two champs (and Ezreal is not one of them) but if had had Ezreal purchased, I'd have no issue paying what he costs simply because it is unbelievably obvious how much work was put into that skin.
0	One year in middle school I missed the first few days of classes because I was sick and contagious. Since I wasn't there to make my schedule, an assistant in the office was asked to find out what classes I needed so my guidance counselor could enter it into the system.  The assistant told my counselor I should be enrolled in the "special" math class based on my test scores.  She MEANT that I was supposed to be in the advanced class, but the counselor interpreted it as special ed.   The teacher of that class had a policy that on the first day, they discuss the fact that it's a slow-paced class, but after that, they treat it like any other class.  They don't talk about the fact that it's a special ed class.   So I show up several days into classes, and they assume I know.  I actually don't know.  I spent a couple of weeks wondering why we were learning things I learned years ago, and why we were getting an entire class period to do something I could do in under 2 minutes.  Eventually I started getting frustrated because I wasn't learning anything, while friends in classes taught by other teachers were learning cool new things.  I went to my teacher to find out when we were going to learn those things, and she tried to gently explain that we wouldn't, and that I had been placed in this special ed class because I wasn't actually ready for those things yet.  Lightbulb, wrong class. After insisting it was a mistake and a meeting in the office, they got me into the right class.   But during that entire time, I had no idea I was in a special ed class - the kids weren't disabled.  They were "normal" kids. Some were my friends. The students were just like everyone else, except that they were learning lower-level material at a slower rate.
0	I'm also from the south, Mississippi in fact, and I think we're all a buncha closeted racists, which is why we're so nice openly because we're just massively massively overcompensating for the terrible lie we know we're living.   Also you don't see Germans (or maybe you do...) walking around with the Nazi flag saying it had nothing to do with the holocaust, racism, or invading poland, and it's only about celebrating german heritage.
1	3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
1	This is probably just a narrow, subjective perspective but: My friends who pulled me into LoL (late s1) don't play it anymore. We are all much into character development (all dnd friends), and i remember us talking about champion relations in LoL and commenting on the newest Journal of Justice whenever it got out.   In whole honesty, that's the main reason we all switched to LoL (we played dota and hon before). The simplicity and low toxicity (HoN being a place where your K:D tells everything about you), and sheer amounts of fun were the other reasons (at least in the beginning).   I guess that's just every moba's fate, that people who stay after few years are either tryhards, or just don't have the time or will to try something new, because they put too much into it already (i'm maybe in both categories, so...don't hate).   I know some of them would swing back if there was Journal of Justice again. New cinematic was great and all, they agree to that, but it will just stay at that. I'm sure that with 20% of money they invested in it, they would have all year issues of JoJ (not that they can't have both).
0	Damn, that reminds me of a friend of mines sister. this was not at her birthday though, but all the girls collaborated to ALL ignore her for weeks, she was probably 12 at that time.
0	It seems a lot (perhaps most, but I didn't scroll very far) of the comments are criticizing people making memes about CISPA. IMO, that misses the point. Seeing a meme about CISPA on the front page can get people's attention. Once you have their attention, you can inform them.   Case in point: I learned of the new push to pass CISPA last night, on Reddit, from a meme. Thanks to someone in the comments, I found a good resource:   [Electronic Frontier Foundation's page about CISPA](   If you follow that link, there's an explanation of CISPA. They have a link button (which says "TAKE ACTION"). If you click on that, it takes you to [this page]( where you can quickly, easily, and at no cost to you, send an e-mail to your legislators. It automatically sets the text of the e-mail to their form letter about CISPA, but you can change it if you wish, or delete it all and write your own message entirely.   Without people raising awareness about CISPA, I wouldn't have been, well, aware of it, and wouldn't have sent communications to my legislators' offices. I also wouldn't have had that sweet link to share on Facebook, which led to at least one other person sending communications to his legislators.
1	Yeah it's "been on the PBE" for quite some time...
0	When I worked at Target, these two kids (little bro, big sis) got a hold of a skate board. They were riding around, making a big mess of the toys department. The big sis said she wanted to ride the board and the bro kept saying no.   So she gets mad and steps on the boy's skateboard right when he's about to take off. Literally jumps to the air and face plants straight to the ground, crying uncontrollably and the sis with a big "OH SHIT" on her face. And there I was, cracking up like hell in front of them.   Though, I did help the kid up and it took me forever trying to get their parents while calling them through the intercom.
1	I think that Riot is not touching Xerath with good reason. There is too much "blur" regarding him. He's a champion that people don't understand how to counter, or what his weaknesses are, so they just call him OP. I've seen so many people running back and forth in front of Xeraths and getting eaten up by everything he wants to throw that it's just saddening.   When I look at Xerath I get a deja-vu of Caytlin all over again. The first few games, when people couldn't dodge her shots were just awful. After people learned how to dodge them she was considered by most people, including pros, a terrible champion. I remember most of them recommending Miss Fortune over her, but after people discovered new ways of playing her, and put less focus on her main shot, she became viable and is now considered one of the strongest champions again.   I think that with Xerath we'll see something similar happening. After people realize how to more effectively counter him, and after the first couple of tweaks, he'll fall into obscurity, and then will likely be rediscovered.   I think he's definitely a strong champion, but I don't consider him OP. When he is nuking someone down, there is a time to react and there are ways to properly move to avoid some of his damage. The problem I see the most when people face him is that they try to run from him instead of running "besides" him. It's the same issue I see with people playing against Gragas, Lux, Ezreal, Orianna... those champions outrange most others, and if you always run back not only are you likely to get hit, but you'll also lose XP, lose money, and lose ground, you'll get bullied into your tower.   Am I the only one that remembers how people called Brand OP and impossible to lane against, then one of the pros bought boots, avoided almost all of his hits and suddenly he stopped being a big deal anymore? After 3 or 4 of these types of posts I hoped people would start to see a pattern.
1	I dunno, I started back into Dota because a few friends wanted to try it out and the tutorial was about 10 minutes and showed me how to use skills and kill creeps it didn't talk at all about different stat scaling, denying, destructible terrain etc. I think it is really telling the difference in audience and skill level of players.   I think League just ramped everything up too high, I think exp to level and IP costs should all be reduced by 50-66% and everything would be fine. When the game was initially released you could spend about $35 and get every champion plus some boosts and left over RP to get other things. It was very easy to get every champion and then just keep up with new releases. However, now if a new player comes in it seems really overwhelming having to get a new champion every 30ish games or pay $5-$10 each. I think they just needed to scale with the times or make more bundles of 20-30 characters for cheaper amounts.   I also think they really missed the boat with their achievements which they initially had planned. They could have done cool things like let you unlock a new champion when you get a penta-kill or unlock a skin for a champion if you win 25 games with them etc.   Realistically, if you can tell the roots of both games. Riot was a start up that had very little funding making a game they had no idea the popularity of, this lead to a really crappy client at the start which has been a problem for them ever since. I really wish they had a team in house working on a new client and they can release a new big patch that has a whole new integrated client.   I think I rambled there...
1	Well, I guess then Sundance should take a look @ tales of the lane (which had better production value, atleast in my opinion) and other bigger tourneys which probably run at a fraction of the costs MLG has.
1	Anyone got a solution with how to change this on Windows 8.1 Skype? You can get to options, but there is no advanced button.
0	Hey buddy, we get it, you're a really considerate dude who is not one of the legions of asshole Redditors.   You don't necessarily have to be a dick to post a spoiler without a tag. Someone who has done so could easily have just forgotten. As a person avoiding spoilers, when you come onto a thread like this, you should account for the dicks who purposely don't use tags, and also those who simply forgot.
0	yeah rofl no kidding. im old enough now that my mind has a built-in bullshit filter and i skipped that paragraph after the 6th word. I actually went back and read it out of curiosity after your comment. my reaction: "oh good, my bullshit filter is still working!"
0	Oh they exist. I've meet plenty - I attended the most ultra liberal patriarchy-hating college I know of. Every day I'd see and hear things that made my jaw drop. Seriously, it was amazing. I sat in awe as a student presented a slideshow on why male sexuality was strictly one dimensional. I was told that I wasn't allowed to criticize the depiction of men in media because of my privilege. No I did not make that up - every cliche you can think of was uttered. The Onion has nothing on the shenanigans I witnessed.   So I know for a fact that these crazy self-labeled feminists exist because I traded barbs with them for over a year. And can you guess how this experience changed my beliefs about gender quality and femenism in general?   It didn't, because  letting radicals dictate your understanding of feminism is as stupid as letting conspiracy theorists dictate your understanding of politics.   Actually that's not strictly true. One thing did change - I lost any respect I might have had for the radical men's rights types who use their female counterparts to justify undermining the value of gender equality through the smoke-screen of removing the influence of radical feminism from our laws and institutions. When these people try to sell me on the idea that femenist ideologues are cackling as they conspire to strip away male rights, I have to laugh. The ones I met couldn't conspire their way out of a paper bag. Please, tell me again why such-and-such domestic violence law or divorce law is the product of this conspiracy and not merely an understandable vestige of a historical and cultural context that you seem determined to ignore. You know where I've heard nonsense like this before? From radical femenists! (I swear both these groups have so much in common with each other it's a wonder they haven't hate-fucked yet.)
1	You can set it as primary.... Right click on your homescreen, go to screen resolution, click on the other monitor and check the box that says, "This is my main display." IF that doesn't work. Shut down your computer and unplug both VGA or DVI connectors from the back of your PC. Plug the second one that you want to play League on in first which will make it your primary monitor.
0	ITT: people who think that their sleep schedule is known to everyone else At this point, I could argue that by sleeping during the day, you are waking me up and you being awake in the day isn't somehow more important than my sleep. If you only want to be texted during a certain time frame, then mention it. Don't expect people to somehow know what times are OK or not OK to do something if you don't actually tell them.
0	Conversely, if I have my company on my car please don't hold me to a significantly higher standard than normal drivers. I used to have company advertising on my car and it caused me to receive far more abuse for tiny things than before I had it or since I removed it. And by tiny things I mean not taking off as soon as the light turns green instead of half a second later.   The big one that I remember was while I was reversing out of a car park. This particular car park is really badly designed with nowhere near enough room to move properly. It features parallel parking spots against a fence and normal parking spots in the middle with less than 1.5 car widths in between. I was backing out of one of the normal spots and a woman had parked in one of the parallel spots. She was a bit outside of the lines (because the parking spots are stupidly narrow and if oyu park inside the lines then your passengers can't get out) giving me hardly any room to work with. On top of this it was raining HEAVILY and I could hardly see out of the window. Due to all these reasons, I was going very VERY slowly (seriously, a fucking snail could have overtaken me, my speedometer wasn't even registering that I was moving). Sadly enough, I misjudge how much room I have and tap her car. I jump out and check if the cars are OK and offer to pay for any damage since it was my fault. We look at the collision spot and she offers the information that there isn't any damage, not even a paint scratch. I apologize again and she says its OK since there was no harm done and the conditions were appalling. As I go to drive off, she notices my advertising and bursts into a tirade about how I should learn to drive and that I should be fired and that she would sue my company for damages.   It wasn't her abuse that surprised me, fair enough, I reversed into your car, you deserve to be angry with me. It was that the abuse didn't start until after we determined that there was no damage, after I apologized a few times and after she said it was OK  and that the trigger for it was purely that I was driving a car with advertising on it. If she had been abusing me from the start, well, fair enough, I was in the wrong and potentially damaged your property but she was OK with that until she knew that I worked for a company.
1	Hes one of the most annoying people to play against because of his annoying kit, and I hate playing with one on my team bc they seem to be useless yet the poison damage gets them kills in team fights.
1	I played a normal nasus game yesterday with my buddy (we cant queue ranked together) Enemy team picked Kayle top. I was thinking to myself this is going to end horribly, focused on my cs got every cs first 3 waves (No fucking clue how that happened) my jungler friend ganked got first blood and flash from kayle, proceeded to get ganks over the next 6 minutes. Kayle got so mad she typed /all fucking pussy. She teleported to tower and I bopped her for another +6. She then left top completely and I just pushed to the inhib, then they surrendered.
1	Veigar's changes hit before he was played in NA LCS at all - and if you want to mention that he was played in LCK before that, remember that all the new animations have to take time, not to mention they said they were looking at him even back when they were just announcing they would be removing dfg before that patch even hit.
0	I've personally owned two windows laptops for 4 years now, using them for anything from Web browsing and movies to 3D modeling and Adobe after effects, and both still run perfectly fine as they did when I first bought them. I've also been running off the same desktop windows pc for 5 years (I've upgraded some components yes but this is something you also couldn't do with a Mac) and it still runs perfectly smoothly (hard drives are still the originals too). My whole family has owned windows laptops/desktops and none of them have broken or been replaced in the past 3 years. On the other hand, I've seen several of my friends go through multiple macs or have to repeatedly send them in for months at a time to apple for repairs.   I think a big part of things is A) buy a good brand. Biggest difference between windows and apple laptops is there are a range of retailers and manufacturers of Windows based laptops, whereas there is only the 'almighty glorious apple'. If u actually buy a good windows laptop from a quality brand then it'll most likely last you the same as a mac book. Asus, Acer, Lenovo, or Samsung, avoid HP, Toshiba, Sony or Dell if you want something most likely to be of high quality and longevity. Especially avoid dell as they function similarly to apple.   2) If your getting a desktop pc, custom build it. Individual parts get their own warranties, you can get exactly what you want and know is good, you can tweak it however you like, and you can always modify or repair it if something goes wrong or you want to upgrade. If you so much as open and touch anyrhing inside your mac or dell tower you practically void your entire warranty. Have fun waiting through painful customer support phone lines and then waiting weeks to months for them to repair it.   3) maintain your damn computer! Is electronic equipment, clean out the dust, don't be too rough with it, keep dirt away from it if possible, keep anti virus and other protective software up to date and don't use bloatware. This stuff is so damn simple but some people seem mystified by it...   Anyways, as someone who has worked on and built computers for many years now, I really disagree with the whole notion that "apple products last longer and are more durable". All I see is you getting overcharged by double for a slick (also boring IMO) shell and Simplistic OS, all the while really getting nothing more than you'd get with a Windows based computer for half or even less than half the price, and the extra hassle associated with apple products when something goes wrong is just laughable. And the incredibly diversity of Windows laptops and desktops in terms of design, customization, and broad functionality, as well as far superior compatibility with software AND external hardware makes this whole 'debate' an incredible no brainer for me.
1	Started right at 30, my first couple of games I played horribly due to not feeling comfortable in the role I got and fed alot of the time, but after 3 games of feeding I got in my groove, played the roles/champs I was comfortable with, and ended up getting into silver 5. If I had waited, I probably would have been placed higher, and would be mid/low gold instead of silver 2 at the moment.
0	My boss is terrible at sacking people. At my work we had someone (I'll call him "D") who did virtually nothing for over a year. He also constantly lied (he even had two completely made up holidays - not to mention he was so awful at lying that he always contradicted himself) and was a nightmare to work with. For a company of 6 people, this wasn't a good sign.   Thankfully, he was good at rewarding good work. I started at the company after D had been working there for a while, but I was given a pay rise (and a "manager" title, essentially making me "second in command"). So as the boss trusted me (but still didn't like sacking people), I came up with a long plan which would help.   First, I managed to convince my boss to give all important tasks that D was supposed to do to other staff, giving him less important tasks. This was initially to D's benefit, but it was better for the company (part of the plan was showing that D was meaningless to the company).   Along the way were other small things. D originally had a key to the building. I convinced my boss to let me change the locks to "higher quality" ones, and D didn't get a key for this set. I also managed to convince the other staff to simply not respond to his stories (we used to point out the inconsistencies).   After a while my plan worked: he handed in his notice and my boss told him that he didn't have to comply to the two weeks if he didn't want to, which D agreed to. He said that he "felt like nobody trusted him". Even though he did no work, he liked thinking that he has an "important" role in the company, which I took away from him bit by bit.   9 months later and we haven't had the need to replace him with anyone. In fact, everyone else worked better without him there.   It's quite shocking how much money was wasted on him.
0	There is truth in this. Absolutely. Buddhists, on the pathway of finding enlightenment, live their lives in search of this. The goal of having as little impact on the world as possible.   I don't know the guy or much about him so maybe I overstepped by assuming what he thought or was trying to prod in our minds but even Hitler had some beautiful thoughts. Sometimes words are more powerful than those speaking them regardless of their intent.   I'm still discovering my opinions and views towards these things. I think that even if, on the grand scale, nothing you did mattered to the world as a whole or "fate's" predestined path, there's still your life. Your measure of happiness, your values or ideas or emotions, your actions or whatever - they have an impact. A gargantuan impact. On yourself. In a sense, and
1	He's not mana gated because of catalyst/RoA passive. Mana cost on W means he loses sustain from his passive due to less triggers, and the damage reduction on Q vs. minions will hurt his waveclear. If the damage reduction also applies to monsters, jungle gragas also gets removed.
0	This is so true.  I use it quite often. Story: I was at the grocery store and cut in front of these slow people.  Clearly, this pissed the guy off and he screamed "Hey Asshole."  I knew he was talking to me but I ignored him and kept shopping.  He followed me through the store with his SO and screaming, "Hey Mother Fucker!"  and "Hey asshole!" and I kept ignoring him. Eventually he headed me off and just started screaming that he wanted an apology for cutting around him.  I stared at him blankly and in my best deaf voice said, "I'm sorry, I'm deaf and have no clue what you are saying." His SO instantly started apologizing to me and walked off victoriously.
1	Just gonna say it.   I opened the thread, and went 'Holy Crap'.   Promptly thought
0	Edit: Wow thanks for the gold! First time getting that.   Man have you ever considered the other side of that coin? I am mexican American. I did mediocre in high school and my parents didn't put me in boy scouts, didn't pay for me to have tutors, i've never played an instrument, I had no choice but to go to a shitty high school, and i had no guidance academically. I went to community college and did well enough to go transfer to UC Berkeley  (btw It is illegal for public schools to select based on race. UCB is 45% asian) and I earned a science degree. I was also involved in research internships while in CC and UC. I have gone to Harvard Medical School and Princeton for research internships which no one told me to do. I just loved science and people said i wouldn't get in so i applied anyways because like you i am a fighter. I ended up being the only community college student in that princeton program and the only mexican american out of 50 students (half of which were Princeton students).   An asian girl in my lab at Princeton told me "It must be awesome being Mexican you probably get things so much easier". That is something that stuck with me and hurts me to this day. I hate when people discredit my work and think that because i am an educated minority that it was given to me. The adversity i and many other minorities have overcome is tough and I really hate when they brush it off like we were just picked out of a lottery. I know things don't change over night but by becoming a DDS/Ph.D. (currently applying) I will be a role model so others from my back ground can know that obtaining an education is possible.
1	These casters are awesome. Watching IPL Qualifiers now, it's like the second division. Also it should be possible to but a delay on the "listening in" so it is timed with the stream.   Also they should try some feature to choose a previously recorded piece to show for the listen in. Like after the teamfight is done, they could go back and see what they were talking about during the teamfight.
1	I think Genja would like a word with your friend, but seriously he is too close minded and that probably just stems from personal issues as certain people in this thread have already mentioned. One game i was playing in my plat 2 promos my team literally turned me into Deman because "I could not believe it!!" ahem. We went ap trist top, vayne mid, jinx and janna on bot and ad jungle malzahar. Long story short we won   Now to answer your question, no there is not one way to play this game. There may be a more stable way but even the stable way can be beaten with skill. Your argument was spot on about how different levels of skill will breed different metas. Why don't we see amumu in competitive play? because Pros know jungle pathing and will pick early aggression junglers to kill amumu and make him a sad mummy yet why do bronze players want to ban it out or pick it all the time? It's because in bronze people tend to not know how to deal with champs and will end up clumping giving amumu free ultis. Item builds are definitely not stagnant (okay maybe for like adc and mid a little) and you need to see what the enemy comp is and how fed you are to determine what to buy. Enemy team has heavy ap? as a support or jungler i would look to get locket to bolster my teams magic resist, adcs may want to get banshees or qss depending on the types of cc they are up against. as a mage mid laner are you up against another ap or ad? chalice of harmony for that mr and mana regen against the ap mid, and zhonyas against the ad mid.   If you are an adc are you team fighting or split pushing? Are you looking to duel your opponent or are you looking to get to late game? Why do you see Vaynes going blade of the ruined king and tristanas going IE? one is trying to duel now while the other is trying to hit power spikes later.   TBH i don't think your friend is watching the pros at all. Let me explain, Sure he is looking at what they do but he is not wondering to himself why they do it or what their mind set is when they do it. He just looks at a build a champ that is being played and tunnels on it. He doesn't think why did they pick this comp or why did this champ grab this item. BTW did he see Voyboy go trist mid? He probably didn't say shit about it because it's voyboy but guaranteed if Voy didn't do it and say you or your buddy did it he would shit on you for doing it. So give him that argument   anyways this has been way too fkin long.
1	I have to say, I actually stopped playing LoL for probably 2 months-ish because I would get annoyed at myself for doing something wrong or playing badly only to have somebody on my team type to all saying how bad I was.  Every. Single. Game.  The games where I didn't ignore at least 1 person in the game was increasingly rare as I got fed up with dealing with people, so I stopped. Fast forward to today, Played 4 games and while one or two people were the typical LoL rager, they were balanced out by people trying to genuinely be nice. I'd say first impressions is that the honor system is working.
0	Had a brother that had a girlfriend that was Vegan.  She comes over for Christmas and when my mother serves dinner it is pretty much all meat.  She then, from what I remember in drunkenness, complained the whole time about how everywhere she goes no one ever has vegan options.   My mother said that if she was told in advanced that she would have no problem making something for her.  While my mother was setting up a huge dinner, she stops and makes some vegan crap for this girl.   THEN SHE TURNS IT DOWN, because she doesn't like it.   I know it's not because she is a vegan but instead because she is a cunt, but common.  Being vegan is not like a handicap where you should expect special accommodations everywhere you go.  You don't go to someones house and mock them for not having stuff for your special diet.
0	My neighbour rents half of a duplex and recently had a fire. She was thankfully alright, but one room was destroyed and the rest of her half of the house was smoke and water damaged. If she didn't have renter's insurance, she would not be able to get replacements of anything as her land lord didn't buy content insurace, just standard insurance.
0	This is why I posted this :( Anything with foreign, hard to process ingredients (like the ones in diet sodas) not only translates directly to fat  due to slower digestion but causes health problems like metabolic syndrome.
1	Unfortunately my MMR surpasses my current league so i'd have to go on like a 15 game losing streak to lose it. It's irritating to win 3 games, get to promotion series, lose one, win one lose one. win 3 straight again, lose, win, lose etc. and go through 4 promotion series like that before finally winning one lose one win one. Now i'm currently on the next winning streak and just made a promotion series where I lose the first game, won the 2nd, and more then likely will lose the third and this will happen 3-4 more times before i finally get promoted again weeeeeeee.
1	Stay away from him early game if you're a squishy. I only saw one player using him and he was stacking CDR items which, if I understand the nerf notes, only helps early game. He was played very aggressively in the early game which could hamstring champions who depend on a high CS.   Mid game I went 1v1 against him with Mundo and it wasn't even close. Although it was the first game I played as Mundo, and Croc was well geared at midgame due to his early game ownage.   Late game, however, he was dropping fairly quickly during team fights and even 1v1. Although, the player who was using him was not all that great. (Would take 2 or 3 v1 and tower dive at less than half health)
1	Lets say I que up to play lux mid and the players I'm matched with are based heavily on engage, can I switch to playing a champ with better synergy like Orianna or am I stuck with Lux?
0	As someone who was homeless for 2 years, thank your brother for me, hell give me his address and a country and I'll send a 20$ gift card for a chain in your country. I've been spat at, sworn at, assaulted, the homeless are people too... they didn't make the best decisions, but that doesn't mean they don't regret it... but some of us try to make up for it, I'm 25 and I'm finally graduating college in 2 months.
0	Oh yes, the "Why aren't you tolerating my intolerance" defense. Does wanting to eliminate bigoted speech in turn make me a bigot? I say no. Here's why: striving for tolerance is inherently at odds with intolerant beliefs. In the reverse, intolerance also seeks to eliminate tolerance. Now I'm going to cut this into something more specific: Bigotry. Going to the definition we get: Bigotry - bigoted acts or ideas. So we go to Bigot specifically:  a person who strongly and unfairly dislikes other people, ideas, etc. Key word: unfairly. Hating a cold blooded murder and wanting to excluded them from society (at least until they pay for their crime or are rehabilitated) is not bigotry since it is justified. In the same way, actual bigots (racists, misogynists, Nazis, etc) are not justified in their actions. They unfairly attack others and seek to make their lives worse.  Being intolerant against a bigot is justified since they seek to harm others in various ways.  That's the key. Bigots are not justified in their actions, they do not get to be defended against intolerance. And as a final point I'm going to quote [Karl Popper on the paradox of tolerance](   >Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them. – In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise.  But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols.  We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law, and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal.
1	If you give up a turret for an altar, you're doing it wrong. Altar are just NOT worth a figth. An altar give you some strengh for 90s, it is WAY HARDER to defend an altar than to cap one. In most of case, when someone is getting your altar, you just have to do something else, push the lane, force a turret figth/dive 2v3. About the spider, you can defend it 1v3 if it's before 20min of the game, during this time, it's easy for the rest of your team to get some turret/inhib.   Problem is, old TT defend had too much advantage, you had to apply some rules, and NEVER break them (you took an inhib with out destroying the nexus's turret & they have a defend team comp ? well that's bad, may cost you the game), I agree with that. But new TT ? Get a strong early game, when you get an inhib, it's over, you should always keep the 2 altars up, you're getting more gold by 2 jungle + altar buff even if one lane is pushing, then get ready, but those OP elixir, get the spider when inhib lane is pushing (try to get bot inhib first), and then go in with altar + elixir + spider + super minions, gg you won the game.
1	Don't just go bot just because you jungler isn't ganking. Go bot so you can force dragon or bot tower. If bot tower and drag are both down, going bot is pretty much pointless (unless you have gotten mid down as well). Once you get your mid tower you can coordinate with your jungler to ward their buffs and counter them if neither drag or bot tower are up.   You have an advantage, use it to force more than kills.
1	Depends on the connection you have. Our country's infrastructure sucks absolutely in terms of technology and communication tech. We can barely handle the  very few  high-speed connections that are currently up, not to mention if half of the country had land-line connections (something like 25% of the country have DSL connections).   I'm running on a 2046/512 connection with 175-190 ping on EUW and 250-300 on NA. Haven't bothered with EUNE, because of the language barrier, and even EUW has that problem. You can play with 140-150 ping with a 10mb/4mb line, but those cost just way too much, and the speeds are almost never near what they should be.
1	Just a quick thing: What some people find as a fun champ others might not.   Why don't you wait and try each other out when it is free? Or try it on a friends account? Because I bought a 6300 champion and regret it. My friends all liked Ahri but I didn't find her much fun.
0	Like people in the thread are all saying, focus on your network. Don't write anyone off, and stay focused on honing your craft. Editors and other post jobs are always in demand and you can do a lot of freelance work remote, if you have the equipment.   But back to the networking: meet as many people with similar interests as humanly possible. You never know where your next opportunity will arise. Every freelance gig I've had and my full time job I got through connections I made, not blindly sending resumes. If you're good at what you do and personable you'll have no problem. Good luck!   EDIT: if you manage to land an internship always go above and beyond. If they ask you to come in an extra day, make it happen. If they ask you to do something you don't know how to do, learn it, and be prepared for the next time. Working for free blows (if you're going into an art field 9/10 you're ass is gonna work for free at some point) but again you'll be making connections with people and learning more than a classroom will ever teach you.
0	Uhm it's been like that with most AMAs by celebrities, but many of them understand what they are doing. Ali was starting up her own show and wanted to get attention on it, Louis CK even had something himself, etc. It gets attention to them.. but the only reason Woody did this was most likely just because of the movie and some sort of contractual obligation dealing with the media/promotions.
1	Oh another thing, sweetie: If you look on the header, it says "Posts with   vague  or  inacurrate  titles will be removed. Titles  must explain  the post  accurately "
0	We don't have proper services for icy conditions down here since it doesn't happen often. It snows, then melts a little, then freezes solid, and then MAYBE after a day or 2 the main roads will get a little sand or salt tossed on them.
0	I think you  might  just be taking my comment about Captain Canada and Captain America, partners in justice (and love) way too seriously. Not far off with the American superpowers though. Captain America throws shields, not burgers, but he's definitely a gun guy because army. Are you seriously going to tell me about being close minded? Really? Tell me more about how close minded I am. Go on. Inform me of the treachery of me not only acknowledging the clearly revolting stereotypical Canadian, but making it even more over the top in the spirit of simple humor. How dare a man play off of cultural identities, right? Next thing you'll tell me is I can't make jokes about France and their nude beaches, England having very good senses of humor, or Norway and their viking heritage. All incredibly offensive right?
0	I had a similar experience in school, we had a paper for GCSE History (I think I was 14-15 years old) about the Cuban missile crisis. Our teacher informed us she wanted to look at our first drafts and then she would tell us how to improve them. I handed mine in and was handed it back with lots of red ink saying more evidence and I needed include a lot of how people were feeling and the tensions back then. As a result I spent a weekend with my grandmother adding to the essay. My Grandfather was something with home guard and supposedly had to go to a bunker in the valleys if it all kicked off as a radiation tech. Naturally Gran kept a close watch on everything during the crisis. I handed in the essay and a week later got called up to my history teachers classroom to be balled out in front of other a class about where I plagiarised this essay from as it was “university level” and she hadn’t told us any of this material. In the end I my mother and gran came up the school and had kicked off, the teacher never showed up to the meeting.
0	I'm on the bus and I just watched as the worst "super cool ski instructor" meme was created and then posted onto Facebook.   The guy is wearing beats by dre headphones, so I'm not sure what I was expecting.
0	Yes, I would have to agree. OP should've done what I would've done and convince my wife to play hooky and then have her pretend to be hooker I pick up at the bar then bring her back to the room bang the bejesus out of all day... I mean that's what i would've done.... Oh maybe I'll switch it up and go back to work like the last hour to really play out the fantasy!
1	Okay, so let me guess: your lastpick had to support even if he doesnt want to. or didnt say anything. Why not. There is no "there must be a support in every Team"-rule. And then ingame you continue to always say he has to supüport, should stop taking cs. Why do you want to tell him how he has to play?   No reason to leave but believe me: there are different tactics that work. And there is no rule that anyone has to play something he doesnt want. And you can't stop someone taking cs or is your name on it?
1	Here is my Nasus build: For starting items, there are 3 variations that I like. I go cloth armor and five potions against a heavy AD harass lane such as GP or Pantheon. Boots and three potions against skillshot AP's such as Brand or Cass. Or Regrowth and one potion against pretty much everything else. For runes I like to go armor pen reds, armor or dodge yellows, mr or mr/lvl blues and MS quints. In terms of masteries, I go 0/23/7 or 0/21/9. I almost always run teleport, flash for summoners; a lot of people use ghost on Nasus, flash is so ingrained in my mind, though, that I have trouble playing without it.   For level order, I like to go R>Q>W>E. I take as few levels in E as I possibly can while still being able to push my lane as hard as my opponent. Otherwise, the levels in Q and W are essential for the reduced cooldown on those abilities (especially Q).   In terms of item builds, I like to get boots and philo on first back, regardless of my item choice. From there, I get a glacial shroud against an AD in lane or a spirit visage against a heavy harass AP. I essentially like to make it so that I can literally stand and tank harass while farming my Q, due to my lifesteal. For boots, 90% of the time, I go mercs, but if they are light on cc and heavy on AD, I go tabi. From there, I finish my Frozen Heart and my Shurelya's, capping my CDR. At that point, the rest of my build is situational, but I typically end up getting a FoN, a trinity and whatever other tank item suits my needs. With the items I have listed, you should have about 200 in resistances, 475 MS, 2800 health and 40% CDR. With trinity and enough farm, your Q should hit for around 1000.   In terms of gameplay, make it clear to your teammates that you are Nasus, you scale directly with farm, not kills. For the first 10 minutes, you are almost completely useless. Last hit with Q when you can, and with autos when you can't. At around 10-15 minutes, you should hit a breaking point where you should be tanky enough and your Q should be farmed enough that you can 1 v 1 your lane opponent. At this point, try to prevent your lane opponent from last hitting. BUT, the first priority is to farm. You should be getting 5 or 6 last hits with your Q every wave. Essentially, you want to be in top lane as much as possible, getting as much farm as you possibly can. Teleport down for dragon and to gank other lanes, but pretty much stay top for the first 30 minutes. In teamfights, you are the best anticarry in the game. Pop your W on their AD, pop your shurelyas and go to town with your Q. Even if you can't reach their carry, your W makes them almost entirely useless. You do insane damage, so your threat level is high, but if the enemy team uses their CD's on you, the rest of your team remains untouched. This is why Nasus is not balanced. Nasus is one of the few characters in the game that can literally build full tank and have incredible damage at the same time.   Nasus isn't used more in competitive play because he is easily bullied early game, and if he can't farm his Q, he is a pretty mediocre tanky dps. That being said, his w, e, and ult offer tremendous utility. Nasus can win a lot of matchups just due to his absurd scaling, but there are some counterpicks that make him unplayable such as Ryze, Cass, and Akali.   Anyway, I hope this was helpful. Nasus is my go to champion when I want to relax, as his Q has a nice rhythm to it =D
0	200 dollar tax stamp for a destructive device, shitload of paperwork, 6 month to a year wait, and thousands of dollars PER device (if you can even find one).
1	Fuck those people" wasn't directed at the designer of this theme. Find one post of mine where I specifically faulted the person who designed it. Spoiler alert - you can't.   My "fuck those people" comment was directed squarely at the moderators of this subreddit. The moderators who are relentlessly pushing something that the community doesn't want. The moderators that have  specifically said  they  will not  remove the theme. So let me say that again, just a bit more resoundingly -  fuck those fucking people . They don't give a shit about this community, they refuse to admit their own massive fault, and worst of all they're being as transparent about it as the reflective side of a double-sided mirror.   So, yeah. Fuck thoese people.   >But christ, could we, as a community, chill the hell out for a second and have at least a little decency towards what somebody worked and is going to continue working really hard on?   If someone performs a job, and does so unsatisfactorily, you don't sit around and pretend that it's amazing and that with a bit of tweaking it will be perfect. Maybe  you  do, but I don't. I'm not going to fucking pretend I like this abrasive, intrusive theme. Not for a second, and shame on you for implying that we all should. The person who designed this theme did a piss-poor job. I understand that you, as a designer, have a hard time seeing all the criticism lobbied toward the theme, but I, as a frequent user of this subreddit, do not. I spend hours a day here. I don't want it to be abrasive to use. Sorry if that upsets you, but I'm not going to stop criticizing something just because it upsets a few web designers.   >Could we stop upvoting more threads about this exact same topic?   No . Absolutely fucking  not . As long as the moderators continue to be obtuse and ignore criticism, and so long as they chose to not be transparent, they deserve  every ounce of criticism  they receive.
1	i feel like they dont even know wtf
1	Clickbait is generally a term used for a title with little relevance to the content of the article, or when the title is taken completely out of context. It's as if people who are mindlessly throwing this buzzword around have completely forgotten one of key points of journalism - providing quality content that the audience is INTERESTED in reading. It doesn't matter how good your content is if nobody gives half a rat's ass about it.   Also, if you were to avoid using a "controversial" quote from the article as a title, what the heck would you use? A completely mundane and arbitrary point from the interviewee? How about trying to accurately summarize the entire interview in a single sentence, when there was no overarching theme to it?
0	I was big into math when i was a kid, i would sit in my kitchen with notebooks full of math problems instead of playing video games and such (i mean i also played video games but still), ANYWAYS, This shit used to happen to me ALL the time, i would never show work cause i did it in my head and i would use multiplication etc instead of basic addition and always got marked wrong, parents were not happy, which in tern made the teacher not happy when she got yelled at. around 4th grade they start to accept that your child is good at math and they sort of stop doing that, will always be marked wrong for not showing work sadly. like it was my fault my brain works.
0	I work construction and the thing that gets me is people act like companies just show up and start doing work just because.  These jobs are designed and bid packages are put together by the state transportation department and put out for competitive bid.  the same people bitching about the roads being closed or delayed will be the ones bitching about the quality and saying they need fixed.  This process is actually saving the tax payers money by forcing contractors to really look at the job and put their best number out there to do the work.
0	Soda is mostly made out of water. Water has the phenomenon of expanding when it transitions from liquid state to solid state. Although the volume of the expansion is tiny, it is enough to build up the pressure inside the soda container to the point where it explodes.
0	I'm going to jump in and say a thing or two: Tampa resident, Army brat;been all around. The reason why Florida's heat is uniquely miserable compared to everyone else across the country is for the simple fact that we're surrounded by water.   The Gulf is a large body of water but relatively shallow for it's geographic footprint (sans the dino-killer crater I guess?). That shallow body of water heats up remarkably well, and due to the high specific heat of water, it just keeps absorbing the heat all season (March-November). That hot body of water then decides to send out it's tendrils and shoot up the eastern sea board in the form of the Gulf Stream.   In the summer, this is like putting two space heaters next to your dick (you know, b/c FL is the penis of America). The air is constantly wet. Not humid, but wet. It rains not because clouds form and water droplets coalesce to the point where the cloud gets too heavy and rains, nope. Here, the atmosphere just can't take it anymore and vomits it all back as soon as more evaporates from the Gulf. This state is like taking a Freshman to prom in all the worst ways when it comes to weather.   And now how it feels: When I lived in Ohio, when the winds changed, it didnt matter if you were pouring sweat; wind brought relief. In addition to that, when it rained, the humidity would be over the next day. Not in Satan's jock strap of a state, folks. Down here, the wind means you get to experience a blast furnace from a new perspective. Running in the heat if you're not conscious of your body is a terrible idea. I've seen so many guys pass out from heat exhaustion/stroke. These guys were in prime condition too. Here's how it happens: Remember how we said above that water is really good at absorbing heat (See: high specific heat)? Well, sweat is water plus salts. That sweat has to evaporate for it to regulate your body temperature. NOT IN THIS OVEN! 100% humidity all the time, even after the rains means that your sweat just forms a nice layer on your skin. Everybody gets to glisten like a fucking Twilight Kodak moment. However, what they didn't tell you in Twilight is that all of that sweat just sits there, acting like insulation, continually soaking up your body heat, not going away, making you hotter and hotter. Eventually you overheat and you shut down.   Upside is there's lots of bikini-clad women.
0	It's funny that I came across this because I used to feel the exact same way about it. Now I am currently dating a woman with a son. I had a thing for her years ago but it never went anywhere because of age differences. She had a kid at 16, she's almost 19 now. I was really upset about it because I wanted a relationship with her, but when I heard she was having kid I went off my rocker because of how I felt, that I could never ever be with a woman with a kid. Not just because of feeling OP's way, but also because I zero experience with children, being an only child, and have never made any effort to change that. I honestly couldn't stand being around them for even 5 minutes. I was even angry at her for getting pregnant, and she was so confident that her ex was going to see her through it, even gave the kid his last name.   I decided to just go for it and change my mindset. I'm certainly not in a position in life to have any children of my own yet (24, still want to finish my education & such), but I'm taking it as a learning experience for when I do want one or two of my own someday. I've already learned a lot, and she is okay with the fact that I'm just not experienced. I'm not comfortable enough yet to be changing his diaper or really holding him or getting physically close, and I still have my beliefs about it all looming over me, but I've gotten a lot more comfortable and I've learned how to deal with him in certain circumstances. We live some ways apart and I only see her for a few days a week (when finances permit, sometimes a couple weeks), so I'm certainly not "raising" the kid, and I really don't know what I would say if he ever asked me "would you love me as much as your own kid?"   I still have a long ways to go, and there are definitely better candidates out there for her as far as having a man to help raise her son, but I'm trying and I'm learning, and I am happy that I was able to get over my past beliefs about it all and be in a relationship with someone I love and care a great deal for. I hope that I do get better with it all so that I actually can help raise him and be better prepared for when I have my own.
1	Noob here, but my idea on surge not being used it that it means you can't take a much more useful SS. On a regular AD or AP carry it means you're giving up either flash, ignite, cleanse, exhaust, or heal. The last two are pretty dependent on the champ you're using, but it comes down to the fact that I'm pretty sure most pros wouldn't consider surge (a temporary damage boost) better than a kill confirmed/regen+healing debuff (ignite), a quicksilver sash ability at lvl 1 (cleanse), a free heal at level 1 that scales well by level, and a damage debuff(of all types but true d,g)/slow (exhaust), and of course the super brokenly OP spell, flash.
1	Just wanna throw out my experience of my first game having only played one right now.   Roommate and I were both Silver V and IV respectively, and we're going to duo our promos this time, with me at ADC and him at support. We're the last two picks in champ select, but no one wants the bot lane so we think positively, with the team being cooperative.   First pick is an Eve mid. "Okay", I think, "Guess it could be worse."   The next two picks are discussing who is going to Jungle with Nasus and Trynd being hovered over. Nasus says "I can jungle" but still has summs that are tele and ghost, whereas Trynd has flash and smite, so Nasus locks assuming he's going top. Then Trynd flashes to Teemo and locks in out of confusion. Oh, dear.   We try to coerce Eve into jungling..but no answer. So good guy Nasus says he can jungle, and my roommate selects Braum and I got Cait, and the game begins. This is where things get really interesting.   Eve is AFK. At first, I'm like "Oh the queue was long, maybe she left her computer for a second." But then a couple minutes go by. Five. And she's still not back. Then: "So-and-so has disconnected" and "reconnected", a couple times. Just AFK the whole way through. Though this is promos, we just gotta play. No turning back now.   My roommate and I do decently well early, not giving up too many kills early. We even got five-man ganked bot lane just us two (seriously though? who does that..sigh). But we tread onward to try and at least put up a fight. But the longer it goes, the better we do. Little by little, we keep stacking kills and grouping together and eventually we come  out victorious. I know it's only the first game, but a winning this as a first game is a MAJOR confidence booster. Thank you again to my two other teammates for not giving up and giving me a great experience when it could have been an awful one.
1	I don't think it i that hard. Meteos don't know how to play Nunu, so I guess the opposite team should not ban him, so theywould either Get nunu for them, make C9 spend a Ban on nunu, or having meteos not have a great game. They can also try to ban Zac, Jayce or Elise because those are the main C9 champions. Other than that, they can chose end game champions such as vayne,play safely and try bringing the game to late game, C9 likes ending the game quickly so they pick early game bullies. Remove this from them and they are fucked.
1	Fala que voce vai para um evento de computadores e que vai ficar fora por 4 dias... seja um homem se voce continuar com medo das coisas ela nunca vai te deixar fazer nada porque pensa que voce ainda e uma crianca, senta e explica pra ela e pronto, convida um de seus amigos para ir na sua casa conversar com ela se ela continuar falando nao, use o telefone, mas o melhor jeito e voce explicar o porque voce quer ir sem gritar, sem reclamar, somente dizer o porque voce quer ir, se nao for atrapalhar escola e tudo mais ela nao tem porque dizer nao, se ela estiver sendo super protetora fala pra ela que ela esta sendo super protetora e que nao tem sentido... Se ela continuar falando nao, vai do mesmo jeito e seja feliz, so nao conta o endereco para ela se nao ela vai ate la te buscar... e explica tambem se voce perder voce pode estar voltando no mesmo dia... Um campeonato do jogo que provavelmente voce joga o dia inteiro trancado em seu quarto, vai la fazer novos amigos sair da frente do computador, voce tem que mostrar que eh um evento social alegre feliz sem morte e saudavel que vai te tirar do computador e te dar novos amigos... voce pode ate falar pra ela ir no primeiro dia com voce e que provavelmente voce vai ter que durmir la o dia seguinte enquanto ela volta pra casa, prove pra ela que eh um evento legal e que ninguem vai te matar basicamente, se nao funcionar vai sem ela deixar.   (
1	This will help the jungle but i am not sure it will be the final balance.   With the small camps spawning every min.  It is possible to obtain an extra 30 gold if all the small camps are farmed immediately. Basically the equivalent of lane taxing one CS if you gank once every two waves.   So if you power farm the whole jungle and mid doesn't take your wraiths (ideal and unlikely scenario) at 11 minutes machete pays for itself.  after 11miniutes towers are gone and laners are definitly in your jungle.  This still doesn't really make up for Junglers having "waste" gold on a machete start instead of real stats like boots.
0	Your speedo can be out by 10% when it comes from the factory, if you have bigger or smaller wheels on the car as from when the speedo was calibrated then the margin can be much bigger.   Also speed detectors have to be calibrated and certified, it's supposed to happen once per month. The speed detectors can also be out by a long way.   You should appeal the decision OP as the margins are too tight for either party to be right.   You can test yours with a GPS, still not very accurate but you'll see a different speed on GPS from speedo, sometimes this can throw out cruise control too.
1	riot hides normal stats like they don't exist. don't tell me you want rewards based off of them. you want to have fun with all your friends in normals, you want to play casual for 100% fun, which is completely ok.  but now don't you think you get a lot of rewards for chillin around with some friends while some people actually try to get elo by tryharding where you cant derp around with friends. for me, rankeds are way more fun since there is no point in beating worse players than me.  LoL shows you how good you are by ranked-elo. you get rewards for it. you don't get rewards for the hidden stats in normals. ALSO: ranked stats only give rewards if you are a good player= high elo. who says you have good normals stats where you could get rewards from? you don't know since they're not displayed. that's what's ranked for.
0	Be personable to get your name out there. I've applied online to probably upwards of 40 different automotive engineering type positions...from quality to design, from testing to manufacturing. Barely even received a couple of preliminary phone interviews which went nowhere. Also, I catered my resume to every position I applied for and literally have 30+ different resumes saved to my computer (super annoying and time consuming).   Anyways, the whole point of this story is to tell you the good news (or at least the good news for me that I hope works for you). I went to the SAE World Congress a couple of weeks ago in Detroit. There were tons of engineering companies there; mostly just to display their products. I spent a good hour or so just walking around the small career section and made a point to try and talk to someone from every booth that was in that section. Not only did I land three interviews, but I now have three different offers that I need to decide between. On top of all that, I'm a dude with scruffy facial hair (yet neatly trimmed) and hair that goes past half way down my back. Not you're typical engineer look.
0	Get out of there as quick as you can is my advice.   Something similar happened to me, I worked for a small company as an Accounts assistant helping with accounts for care homes. There was 3 members of the admin team which was made smaller when the owner went bankrupt. Her husband took on the company and was the owner on paper however she still was in charge. The office assistant was let go, she was a family friend of the boss who got paid (more than me) to sit on Facebook all day while I did her work for £2.50 an hour the then apprenticeship wage for a year. I took on her workload that she neglected, so I had a lot of systems and fuck ups to sort. After two years I had got it down to clockwork it was busy but possible.   They then decided to take on another 30 bed care home that was failing and needed a lot of work gave us two weeks notice before Christmas. Adding to the 20 bed care home and the 30 bed care home they had already, also the company I worked for. Christmas is already a busy time as everything needs to be done in advance and it was the end of the tax year for one of the care homes we had. So we had to do overtime just to make sure everything was done and they agreed to pay overtime for December only. We were working overtime everyday and couldn't afford to take any time off which led to lots of unused annual leave.   Me and my manager were still working overtime well into March however it wasn't paid it was time owed (extra holiday days we already couldn't take.) I was told I had to use my annual leave or I would lose it, so I had two weeks to take off in March that was split into half days and random days off. Which I couldn't afford to take I was rushing trying to get everything done and I made a mistake. I came back from an annual leave day to a disaplinary, which I wasn't made aware of, only told I had a meeting in the afternoon and not to worry. I had no time to plan or bring someone to the meeting, there was no evidence and they had the letter ready before the meeting had even taken place. So even if I was aware and could of planned I was going to be given a written warning regardless. I mentioned that I didn't have time for all of my workload anymore, my managers response was make time.   After that I felt trapped as it was my first real job and a written warning stays on your file for 6 months and makes getting another job more difficult, I was already feeling worn out from the workload. I decided to stick it out until the disaplinary expired.   I worked even more overtime and didn't have time for lunch and felt too stressed to eat (we never had a lunch break in the 3 years I worked there, I just went and got lunch for me and my manager and sat and worked.) I lost over two stone in weight in less than three months due to stress.   A mistake I made during March when I had to take my annual leave came to light and I was put on suspension. Shortly after so was my manager as she was also making mistakes and not keeping up. I was pretty much suicidal during those last few months at the company I stopped looking when crossing the road, in my head it was so I wouldn't have to go back to work and be trapped. I left after I was suspended due to my doctor saying the job was going to kill me and wasn't worth it for minmum wage. I lost all my time owed and holidays aswell and was paid my last paycheck four months after leaving.   I now work at a call centre the only job that would have me, weirdly enough I get thanked a lot more for a lot less. It is also far less stressful and pays me over minimum wage. I never want to work in accounts again or for a small company, just need to figure out what I want to do with my life. I now hold all companies in contempt at 21 and feel jaded the experience has left me with anxiety.   Well that went on for a long time, sorry.
1	I'm actually pretty confident that crit chance reds (marks) and (big) MAYBE the corresponding quints are better.   You get 17 crit immediately with only crit marks, which can help your early trades to massively devastating levels... much like critplank back then, just a bit more reliable.   Plus if you get Avarice early you are at 47 % and either upgrade of it (Ghostblade or Shivv) are core on him.   And remember, I am talking about Yasuo as a mid laner because imho he is at a big disadvantage at top because he is quite squishy and you'd have to build at least a bit tanky and he scales with no tank item at all (well maybe Atma's might be possible, but then he lacks attack speed and needs more HP to make it work)   As a midlaner you can trade better and all your dashes make it near impossible for most mages to hit you. His waveclear is also very good from level 2 on and gets better and better the more items you get.   He also won't work as a jungler too well, much like Fiora.   He has some CC, but not much and it needs to be set up and even then it's not enough (plus again, jungle items aren't the best on him and he can't go tanky if he falls behind, same as in top here, and don't say Wriggle's, that item is a mess)
0	You mean the ambassador of Basketball senior member Mr Dennis Rodman, and yes yes he did just get back.  I saw part of an interview with him, I think it was on Keith Olberman (sp?)  Anyway, He said that he objects to what Kim is doing but that Kim is a "nice guy", and that he considers him a friend.
0	yes, you and all the fucking rest of you. shut up, can I tell you about something I don't care about that you enjoy? Will that make you feel like you're a special snowflake?  Why do you have to shit on something others enjoy? you're not fostering conversation,  you're just telling a bunch of people you don't care.  If you didn't care, why the fuck are you telling us?  I don't walk up to people buying milk and say, "hey, I don't like milk".  Because I truly do not give a fuck about them enjoying milk.  But, I give a fuck about people being pretentious.  Be less pretentious.  Also, you aren't even original in your not caring, I've seen this post twice this week, at least give us something new you don't care about.  There are millions of fans for Pokemon, odds are a portion of the population doesn't care/ doesn't enjoy it, go figure, it's almost like people aren't clones.
0	Read: "Teaching as a Conserving Activity"  by Neil Postman, you'll see why some people are offended by the foul-mouthed
1	Well yes there is a bunch of sexism but lets face it: It's not simply the viewers fault. What's with atleast 90% of the Female stream community that 50% of the Facecam consists of her Cleavage? They surely add more fuel to the fire. Is showing cleavage a problem? Ofcourse not unless your some immature horny little kid. Anyway look at Gosu (besides that he's a guy). No Facecam and still a bunch of viewers, why? Because he plays well. My point is just if a female wants to stream she should convince people that her stream is good because she's a good player, is funny etc. and not just for having boobs.
0	I work at a gas station and my first (and pretty much only so far) bad experience was within my first 2 months of working there. It was around 8 am, which is one of our busier times because people are going to work and taking kids to school, and I had a guy come up to the register who was clearly on some kind of drug. He usually came in here every morning to get his pack of cigarettes and never really caused trouble. This morning he gets all his cigarettes, digs in his pockets for 5 minutes to find his money, blah blah blah. Then after I've rung him out, he pulls out this huge stack of lotto tickets and says "Do you have a machine to check these?". I point him to where the machine is and he goes over there and I serve the next person in line. When I look back up after serving the next guy, the dude from before is just staring at me and says "What the fuck was that, dude? You were waiting on me?". He immediately starts bitching and calling me a bunch of names and telling me how disrespectful I am and that he wants to talk to my  district manager , my manager wouldn't do, he had to have a word with the DM over this. So I go and get my manager and give her the run down of what happened and she gives the guy the number for the DM and he calls her and tries to explain what he believed happened all while being high on something. Afterwards the other cashier I was working with explained what actually went down and she just laughed about it and said I had nothing to worry about.   Also, the guy demanded a refund on everything he bought and said he'd never come to this gas station again. I serve him pretty much every day now.
1	You're getting arbitrary rules that people enforce for no reason confused with the product of several years of collective play testing and an eventual coalescing of the  current  most efficient strategies and builds into what is the  meta .   Is not having a jungle an instant loss? No. But it does put you're team at a major disadvantage. Do you have to build a champ the way saintphreak does? No. But sometimes that might mean you're severely handicapping yourself and your team. You're free to do as you will in normals, specifically blind pick, but do consider that if your fun doesn't pan out and you drag someone(s) else through 40 minutes of losing then you're being a dick.   That being said people in  normals  need to be more open to new ideas and builds, yes they might not be the meta but we didn't arrive at the meta by sitting on our hands and sending the same 5 champs into the same 3 lanes with the same 6 items. On the flip side if your "fun" is sending ap corki dual lane mid or soraka ad carry top then I'll dodge you can count on it.
1	You don't really need an optic drive. Why waste 60 bucks on a blu-ray one? Unless you plan to watch movies ofc.  You  don't want integrated graphics . Really, trust me.  What is this "mwave custom computer system"? If that's the price for the company assembling the PC for you - hell no, assemble it yourself. It is not that hard, you can find enough help on the internet.   Buying windows?  come on. Pirate it. Save 120 bucks. You can also just use Win10 for the time being, it's still officially free as a "technical preview" till its rumored release in June or something like that. League runs stable on it already from what I've heard.
0	I'm black, and for so long, I've felt the opposite... while all my friends were chasing big asses and thick thighs that rubbed together... I was only into the tall thin ones... or the sprinters on the track team with the 4 pacs and maybe a round booty...
1	I actually emailed them about it]( Even though there are many hoodies that are in the £30 - £35 range that are of similar quality ([and that the USD price is actually within this range](   If you look at the total price, with shipping and tax included, you're looking at £60 or so for 1 hoodie from Jinx. Which is just silly. The hoodie I currently have cost me £45, it's much thicker and of much better quality then what Jinx are providing. Yea OK, it doesn't have Blitz on it, but then that isn't where the extra cost comes from, because otherwise the US price would be inflated as well.
0	He is asking "am I the only one", not implying that he is the only one, but requesting affirmation of his suspicion that he is  not  the only one. Like Confession Bear, it's a 'popular opinion', but not something you would normally talk about, so talking about it can make people feel good together.   Imagine this exchange:  "Am I the only one that makes faces in the mirror at myself whenever I'm in front of one? (Because I suspect it's not just me.)"  Often, the answer would be, "Haha, it's not just you; I do that too! Now that we're talking about it, I think that actually everyone does it."  Or, if you've already had this conversation with someone before, I guess you can respond with, "Yes, everyone does that, and everyone knows everyone does that; shut up."   Similarly, "I must confess, I  think about eating babies randomly. I mean, I would never actually do it, but still."  To which one can say: "I know, right? Me too! I always wondered if other people did it."  Or else: "Everyone does this. It is obvious that everyone does this. You are not a unique snowflake."  Optionally: "WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU."   This is why marginalized groups do 'awareness' campaigns. "Hey, is anyone else gay? I feel like no one else is gay, because we're not allowed to talk about it. And I feel really alone." "Don't worry, you're not the only one. Lots of people are gay. You're not alone." They want people to be aware that it's normal, so they talk about it. Obviously, you're not being oppressed if the only thing you're confessing to is that you talk to your cat, but it's still nice to know that you're not alone, regardless of the reason. We like togetherness.
0	The good ones are expensive, but worth every penny. Let me just say this, a couple years ago I did a contract that paid very well but also had some unusual tax rules (it was a government contract in a war zone). At the end of my contract I did my taxes on Quicken online, just to get an idea of where I sat. It said I owed several thousand dollars. After my accountant got done, I was due a refund from both federal and state. And it was big enough that I was smiling as I wrote her a $1000 check for her services.
0	you loyalty is to your father and brother. morally you did the right thing. Im not sure why people commenting here think they have the right to be so judgy of family. if i had to guess, your dad noticed her behavior towards you and it probably helped nudge him in anohter direction.
0	I had a similar issue a couple of years ago. I was at a party and a drunk acquaintance came up to say hello, holding his SLR with a new lens. He taps me on the shoulder (hello gesture) and I do the same. He drops his camera and breaks his lens. I ended up pitching in a 100 bucks to help him out (only because he was an alright guy) but told him to fuck off when he asked me to buy a new one for 400 bucks... Hope it turns out alright for you.
0	If you're going to not tip for bad service, at least leave a note or something explaining what was bad about the service.  That will do two things, first it will tell your server what they did wrong so they can correct it (assuming they care).  Second, it will set you a part from the people who "don't believe in tipping."   I worked at a Golden Corral for a few summers during college serving (it sounds bad but it is actually the best place to serve in my opinion) since it is a buffet the servers didn't take orders and weren't responsible for the food so tips were basically based on how clean you kept customer's tables, how full you kept their drinks, and how people friendly you could be.  There were servers who knew the bad tippers as soon as they walked in the door.  No one wanted to serve them but someone had to, if they sat at your table you got stuck with them.  The advice other servers gave was to rush them out, they'd subtlety push them along in their meal with questions like "looks like you're about ready for dessert, would you like some coffee to go with it?"
0	Agreed, but in some ways we are doing this to ourselves. Did we get screwed by the older generation? Yes. But also, young people need to VOTE. If we voted at the rates the old folks do, the politicians would HAVE to start listening and catering to our demographic. Young people historically, do not vote in large numbers. We have the power to change the system, we just need to make our voice heard.
1	i can tell that this post will get downvoted into oblivion because of """"negativity"""", since most people can't handle the truth and/or aren't very intelligent, but i just had to write it)   seriously? i can't imagine a MMORPG with 4 spells/buttons to press. can some1 clarify to me how will i be playing this? should i do quests to gain my levels (killing mobs, bosses and stuff like that)? what if i pick soraka, will i need 10 times longer to get max level then? what happens on the maximum level? do i grind gear, do i do pvp/arenas (with 4 buttons lol)? just another poorly thought out idea that will never get implemented. no offense, but try to think about some things before suggesting. also, take into consideration that in a MMORPG you won't be playing on a lane with minions and with champion picks and stuff - can you even imagine pvp there? can you imagine those 1v1's like soraka vs taric hitting each other endlessly? 80% of game mechanics are already broken and the game wasn't even announced. what do we get? a colossal disappointment.   what if riot decides to add more spells to each champion? who's gonna do the balancing stuff then? see that riot can't even properly balance the current game with just 4 spells.
0	Thank you.   People like to bitch and moan about being "friendzoned", instead of taking the actions necessary to avoid it in the future. Guess what? You were probably "friendzoned" because you have an unattractive trait. If it's a personality trait, that can be fixed - the same, to an extent, with physical traits.
0	I was a fairly hardcore motorbike rider for 15 years (daily riding - rain, hail or shine), I used stock pipes without incident.  I would say having stock pipes made me make less assumptions about people knowing I was near them.  I think it made me safer because I was more careful knowing they may not have heard me.   It is rarely the passive safety like exhaust sounds that stop accidents, usually the people that are a danger to you have their head so far up their arse they won't notice exhaust sounds.    I actually think passive safety lulls riders into a false sense of security.   It is always the active safety that matters - the things YOU do - I think road positioning (and proximity) is the single most important safety skill to learn.   The next thing to learn is taking the maximum reasonable responsibility with a view to self improvement (a pet peeve of mine when I listen to some motorcyclists talk about cage drivers).  If you get cut off, sure the driver screwed up and technically it is their fault.  However, if you could have predicted that he might cut you off - then it's entirely your fault for allowing the predicted event to occur.  What good is being technically correct and righteous if you are doing it from a wheelchair.  You should be taking defensive positions as soon as you anticipate anything.  You should be like a karate instructor blocking a second rate attack from a brown belt - if you get hit you suck at karate, get better.   Too many times I see motorcyclists with a victim mentality - doing stupid shit like riding in car's blind spots and then getting angry when a cage driver doesn't do a head check before changing lanes.  The rider should have predicted that situation could occur so he should take full responsibility for allowing it to eventuate instead of removing himself from the situation.   I would say about 1 in every 50 motorcyclists I saw on the road was doing road positioning/proximity properly.  I even considered making a website to teach people how to do it - never got around to it in the end.   OOPS - rambling brain dump..
1	I can't help feeling like this is poetic justice. I remember watching Elementz' stream and Doublelift was bottom with Elementz in jungle and Doublelift asked for a gank and Elementz said "Get a home first, then I'll gank your lane". This was like the day after Doublelift got kicked out by his mom and I remember thinking Elementz was/is a total dickhead.
1	This will sound cheesy, but seriously: BE WHO YOU WANT TO PLAY WITH. Avoid raging. Criticize fairly. Support your teammates. Admit your mistakes. Be positive. If you're frustrated, admit it, and try to step your own game up and ask for help.   If people react like jackasses to this, don't bother with them. If you find people of equal mindset, thank them for the game and maybe even friends list them to play your way out of the lower levels together. Jackasses bring out the worst in me sometimes, but I always try to come back with a better mindset and if I feel like raging, say nothing at all.
1	Mained Karma for a year. I don't even understand how people can say other supports do everything better than her. No, her heal is not  weak , it's AoE and relies on %HP missing. No CC? Eh, soft 40% MS CC that you can apply to everyone on the enemy team and a speed increase on your allies will do just fine. The shield's great as well. Who cares if you don't have a game-ending ult when you can stack CDR and win the game, team fight at a time?   I always see people decrying her early game, because "she's so weak and useless and has no burst and no sustain and nothing god I'm going to play Taric now." She's the Vayne of supports. Your early game WILL LIKELY be lack-luster, because you don't gain a full combo set that's set up to win a fight with a simple QWER. You poke, heal the adc, speed the jungle for ganks, push, shield and save lives. Karma is completely decision based; I've died waiting for the 0.2s on a mantra stack to come off to finish an adc, with my shield ready to roll. Why? Because Karma's decision based, and I made a poor decision. Other champs, you may make approximately three decisions in a team fight. Karma; you will be thinking every single millisecond.   I'm also kinda upset people are buying Karma just for the skin, IMO, past Karma players deserve to be recognized for their steadfast devotion, not just everyone who wants a free skin and can say that they "totally always played her."
1	Orianna wasn't available at Dreamhack. They were playing on the Tournament realm which was on the patch that was released 1 week before her.   Brand wasn't hugely popular at Dreamhack. He was picked 8 times (never banned) with only 3 players actually playing him (Fnatic's Shushei- three times, GameDDE's Reyk- three times and Xan's Axion- twice).   The most popular AP was Malzahar, followed by Anivia. Brand was the joint 3rd most picked champion along with Vladamir and Annie.   Rumble (22), Twisted Fate (17) and Vladamir (14) were APs that were very frequently banned (over 27 games there are statistics for). Pick statistics taken from [here]( [here]( and [here](   I'm not sure I'd agree that he was so overpowered as many people here seem to think. Whilst he was stronger than he is now, I think the fact that it took 4 months for the only nerfs he has received reflects that he was slightly problematic but not hugely so.   I think (and this is obviously an oversimplification due to team compositions etc.) that Malzahar was stronger at Dreamhack (and before). He received nerfs the patch immediately after Dreamhack (the following Wednesday) which indicates Riot may already have been aware/ planning to make them before seeing how successful he was in competitive play. IIRC there was a red statement when they nerfed him talking about how they felt that he was a high skillcap champion and that now people knew how to play him, his kit (damage/ratios) was overly strong.
0	I once had an old edition of a text book and when I compared it to the new ones; all the content of the older edition was there and there wasn't any new stuff either. The only thing they changed were the order the chapters were in. For example, my chapter 6 would be the new books chapter 16. I then talked to the teacher of the class and she complained about the order of the chapters in the new book.
1	Gold V is good now?   It is better than average, but if you actually read my post, you'll see I never said I was good.   > It has way more to do with the team's strategy and individual skill to an extent than it does "making plays"   By making plays I didn't mean singular player plays, although those do happen often. I meant that at least once per game, I'll see a team do something amazing. Whether it's a great strategy that they pull off, or a masterfully executed team fight, they, as a team, make a great play.   > It's not that they are all "Better" mechanically or some shit. Asian people are not born with some super human mechanical league skill.   I'm not sure if this is a response to me specifically, but if you reread what I wrote I never said they were better mechanically. You're putting words in my figurative mouth.   > It's that they are way more practiced and coordinated. Everything they do seems to have a clear and concise purpose and matches well with the teams goals and strategy for that game.   Yes, you're right. That's actually sort of my point, asian teams as a whole appear to be very strong.   >
0	That's kind of the point though. Even though the present depends on what came before that doesn't mean that everyone is going to start off in the same place. It's important to recognizes the privileges that people are born with. If you're born into an upper middle class family that can comfortably afford to send all of their kids to college  that's very different than being born into an intercity or rural poor family that struggle to pay their month to month bills and have no plans on sending any of their children to a secondary school just because there isn't a way to pay for it.
1	anyone remeber the thread about clear titles? he could have even just put the
1	Argh, I had a reply typed up but it didn't go through.   Let's take your example. Except, now you have 100 health and are being attacked for exactly 100 physical damage.     1000 gold = 50% reduction = 50 damage taken = 2 hits   2000 gold = 66% reduction = 33 damage taken = 3 hits    3000 gold = 75% reduction = 25 damage taken = 4 hits     Hm. For every 100 armor, you gain one extra hit to be taken. This will continue up for however much armor you can possibly attain. However, let's take these numbers and turn them around a bit.   We notice that armor has some effect on durability. Durability has a few different variables, though in this example, only HP and Armor. Let's connect these two terms.   Armor and HP are connected by a term called Effective Health Points. EHP is a way to say that the armor is affecting our own HP rather than the opponent's damage, with the same effect in the end. It is expressed by this formula:     EHP = HP   ( 1 + (Armor   0.01))     Using our numbers, we get that with 100 armor, our EHP is 200. Taking 100 damage hits against 200 HP is essentially the same as taking 50 damage hits at 100 HP. Now, checking for higher numbers, we get that 200 armor is 300 EHP, and 300 armor is 400 EHP. Using the unmitigated 100 damage hit, it takes exactly the same amount of hits to kill you as if you calculated the armor to reduce their damage.   As you can see, there is no diminishing return on the increase of EHP. Every point of armor will increase your EHP by 1%, and MR works exactly the same. While the % reduction on the stat page looks like the value of armor is diminishing, that's simply due to the way they calculate armor, applying it to the enemies' damage, but this calculation has no effect on the value.   You can also see this through the hits taken. 100 Armor = 100% Increased EHP = 100% Increased hits taken in all cases. So, 100 armor effectively double the amount of hits you can take. 200 armor effectively triples the amount of hits you can take.   Sorry that this is long. I had a concise version typed out but then I lost it and forgot what I said to make it so concise so I went the longer route and explained it fully.
1	Matchmaking Rating decides picking order. Lolking score isn't the same as MMR. Guy with  1500 lolking score might have higher MMR than you at 1700.   LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of EVERY league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
0	Members of Congress will get paid because they are performing Constitutionally-mandated duties. Federally employees engaged in health and security duties are "excepted" and must report to work. These paychecks might get delayed because payroll employees aren't at work, but they'll eventually get paid for the work done because it'd be illegal not to. Last time this happened, Congress authorized back pay for staffers who were furloughed, but that's not guaranteed this time.
1	Oh my Diana. I play Diana very often in ranked. Definitely the champion I am most comfortable on and I have to disagree with her "underpowered" title people are giving her. So here are some things I've noticed. Diana is a champion I instalock first pick because I am confident I will not lose lane. She is VERY weak in lane though so why am I confident? Let me tell you how I survive laning phase and win the game. So to start Diana despite being weak still dishes out damage when put behind. I sit in lane and when against a ranged Laner who is strong I max q and last hit with that. When I face a melee assassin I will max w because they underestimate not only its damage but its shield when they try and go in for the kill. I never feed in lane because I just understand her kit so well. I don't always win lane but I definitely don't feed. My next point is the ridiculous power spike at level 6. You can 1v1 almost any lane at lvl 6. She deals tons of damage through her q r combo. Diana becomes deceptively strong when she grabs an abyssal or zhonyas depending on which you rush and can assassinate any squishy. The only problem she has is in team fights. If you mess up and miss q you are useless for about 5 seconds and that can decide a fight. But that is why she is high risk high reward. If you can learn this champion and learn to survive lane she can carry games very well. I do disagree with people who think she is underpowered and I would love for her to be kept the same. She needs no buff in my opinion.
0	It's just the difference in the fact that Americans used to own black people, and the English used to own everyone. Black people in America want to differentiate themselves from the people that used to own (specifically) them.   It's also because there is still a general lack of education in predominantly black areas. We're still much more segregated than we should be. No restaurant has a whites only sign, but there are plenty of neighborhoods that are basically whites only or blacks only. Until the "there goes the neighborhood" attitude goes away, this will continue.
0	Gonna get buried but throwaway time:   I've been pretty cautious/shy around women for my whole life. Throughout middle school and high school I never had a girlfriend, went on a date or even had a serious conversation with a girl. For some reason I am in college now and had my first creep experience. And it was me. I have never done anything creepy to anyone throughout my school career so this one was completely unintentional. During the first week of Freshman year I was sitting by myself in the dining hall as usual because my social reclusion doesn't only apply to girls. Some poor redhead girl who looked equally as shy sheepishly asked me if someone was sitting at my empty table. I said no and she sat down. I don't remember the entire thing but we ended up, for some reason, showing each other our dorm rooms and spending the rest of the day together. I asking for her number at the end of the night (big mistake) and told her that I didn't really have any friends and if she wanted to do something the next day. She gave me her number and nothing happened the next couple days. I, being the unknowing fool, for the next week would text her asking to do something (which she never responded) and would take regular trips to her dorm to she if she was there, which she never was. I met her one day as I was going to a class and I knew something was wrong. For some reason I thought she liked me and stammered if she wanted to see a movie that night since it was Friday. She awkwardly, but nicely, told me that we couldn't be friends anymore because of my perceived creepiness and that she already had a boyfriend. I apologized and told her she would never see me again and walked away. Looking back at it now I still cringe at the experience and my unintentional creepiness. It has only reaffirmed my cautiousness around girls. I must not be too terribly awkward because my roommate and one of his friends took a liking to me and said I should "go party with them sometime". I sheepishly told them maybe. They insisted that it would be fun and I would "get laid". I still haven't taken up their offer, even though I want to meet a girl. I guess you could say I am waiting for my princess to fall out of the sky and into my lap.........
1	Last time I did that m friend sent me a Screamer, and since he's my friend I open it.
1	For me, I enjoy playing either solo lane, and I play three champions that can go in either lane (Zed, Jayce, and Riven). I usually actually end up getting those roles, since there are a lot of "just mid" or "just top" players who are glad to let me get the other lane. There are also a TON of adc mains, and quite a few jungle mains. In fact, I have gotten a solo lane at a better frequency than jungle when I mained jungle a few months ago.
1	I'm 100% with you on this. Half if not more of this game in mental. A lot of people wonder how on earth I get my teamwork badge or they so humorously ask "how many dicks did you suck to get that?" Truth be told, I get it because I try to motivate my team and bring them out of the gloom that leads to defeats.   When people flame your team, you try to reassure them, let them know we all make mistakes sometimes and we'll get them next time. It helps, it lets them get right back into to lane thinking "yeah, I see what I did wrong and I know how we can beat them now!" It's this stuff that keeps morale up.   If I see an ally get a kill, I always congratulate them. If a jungle comes for a gank, even if it 'failed' I thank them just for the help. As someone who mains support, if ANY ally buys wards I thank them. It helps me a lot. If I need someone to do something, I try to throw in "please" and "thank you". It's simple stuff people, but it goes a long way.   Oh, but most of all, when your team is infighting and they are on the verge of destruction, slap them across the face and get them in line. We are fighting the enemy, not each other. Work like a team and play smart and we can win, there is no point in giving up because it's never over till your Nexus is destroyed. I remember one game in particular in which the only thing left was our nexus and my team had all but given up. They wouldn't keep blaming each other and I eventually let them have it.   I told them I was tired of their BS and if they wanted to give up and throw in the towel that was fine but as for me, I'm going down with a fight. As long as I see there is hope, I will never give up. I told them the reason we were losing was not because of any one player, but because of all of us. If we are fighting with each other, we are not playing as a team. We need to band together, and if we did, we could hold them off for days and we could win. Told them to grow some balls and like the man they claimed to be or just quit, because if they were going to fight among us, rather than beside us, then I'd rather not have them with me.   So, what happened next? None of them said a damn thing for the rest of the game. They all shut up, and played. We ace'd the next fight and made and straight dash clearing 4 towers and their Nexus while fighting 4 of them on re-spawn and won.   I got 5 teamwork that game. I don't care about my title or my badge. It's not what matters, but I'm tired of seeing people act like children. Shit happens, sometimes we have off games, sometimes some players are just bad. But guess what? Everyone is allowed to play and everyone should enjoy it, so work together so that everyone on your team can do their best. Even if you lose, and many times you will, you can walk away thinking: we fought well and died with honor!
0	So whilst having a discussion on abortion in my ethics class the typical "rape scenario" came up. Most of the class agreed that an abortion under that circumstance was acceptable BUT this one curly headed fuck (who might I might add is a 2 time senior and is in a 100 level ethics class) boldly raised his had and asked "What if the rapist wanted that baby? couldn't he take that woman to court and fight for paternal rights?"
1	I don't care about the meta but if you want an immobile skillshot midlane mage vel is an awesome choice. I feel like his passive really shines in the support role however as it makes him a non-item dependant mage. Even with only frost queen's claim and support items he will become a damage threat with his true damage passive. Late game throw in a Liandry's Torment to counter health stacking which counters true damage and no matter what you'll be doing tons of damage. He has good synergy with champions like MF when he supports not only because of the wombo combo ults but because of the amazing harrass he provides to supplement MF's lane bully nature.
1	Yep, so this thread is kinda pointless because like I said most people on reddit are like you, they preach against rage and try not to do it, sure they screw up sometimes but they try.
0	I read that, went "YES IT HAS!" in my head, then realized you were being sarcastic. However, I'm still not positive if you were ACTUALLY trying to be sarcastic.
1	I had someone tell me today in a ranked that I should've taken Surge on Soraka, and I asked why. They said that because it was AOE it would work with his champ, Kogmaw, in the lane -- giving him bonus AS. Not only was he illiterate, and didn't read tooltips -- but he fed the lane. GG new summoners.
1	OGN's format is more competitive and rewards the better teams. Personally, I don't give a fuck about last place or shit-tier teams, I would rather have them get relegated early to save me from watching cringe-worthy matches.   For the NA LCS this year watching any EG or CoL match has basicaly been a waste of time, and cringe-worthy as hell. I would rather filter out the shit-tier teams early and get progressively higher quality matches through the season.   It was so much fun watching MyM and Velocity get absolutely wrecked every week, right? Shit-tier teams who can't innovate or were never good in the first-place shouldn't play in a pseudo-competitive environment and plague the viewers for fucking two months(or however long a split lasts).
1	But it wasn't even that long of a read...Barely even
0	First off, nice username, can't believe you've only had an account for 10 days with that one, apparently there aren't that many Detroit redditors. Secondly, it's all about your brain filling in the awkward silence you experience when falling asleep. You suddenly have nothing else to distract you from the things that stress you out so when you attempt to think of nothing your brain fills it in with something troubling. Much in the same way your dreams are often exaggerated scenarios of stressful elements in your life. Take this all with a grain of salt, but that's at least my take on it.
0	My research showed that LiveMeme was just as if not more sleazy and could have potentially engineered the whole scenario as quickmeme claimed. I brought those findings to Advice Animal mods but it appears they did not see the data as compelling as I did. I still use QM for non-reddit meme gen.
1	Limiting amount of wards each player can buy per -let's say- 5 minutes could solve the problem, you are thinking in the right direction.   The present reality is that supports have a sightstone, mobility boots and another item, usually philo stone or a kindlegem or lategame even an aegis, and run around with 10 wards in the bag and throe them around to prevent your entire team to get picked of or allowing your team to freely farm, do objectives and pressure the enemy.   Sad truth: 10 wards mid to late game are more worth than a full item support. If i could choose between 3 wards in our red jungle + 3 wards in our blue jungle or a deathcap for the support, i'd choose the 6 wards.   In competetive we see supports with no items at 45 minutes. Because stats on supports don't win games, vision on important map parts wins games. Catching an enemy who wanted to do golems late game and killing him was probably more worth than the support having 1 or 2 more complete tier 2 items because of the snowballing effect of this particular kill.   You could say wards are OP. You buy tons and tons of them because if the game isn't a stomp, the team with more vision usually wins. This team will pressure all lanes without getting catched, will initiate you and punish every move.   As far as my experience goes, even gold 2 supports haven't realized it and build AP whenever they have spare money and just use their sightstone for warding and one pink ward from time to time.   Wow, i didn't want to write so much but once i started...
0	Similar story here: I was hanging out with two close friends and we went to my house to chill in my room and talk, and when we got to my room the girl did like a swan dive onto my bed (it was late and we were all tired). As soon as she hit the bed, I blurted out without hesitation "You do know I masturbate on that bed." A few minutes of awkward silence was followed by the quite possibly the deepest conversation I think I've ever had with anybody. We were good friends before this, but now I think we have an even deeper connection and the three of us talk about everything, even how we feel about each other. The openness is honestly so liberating. We've gone through hard times together that I couldn't imagine going through without them.   They went to vegas last wednesday-saturday and I had to stay home to do homework. Their bus got back at like 1:00 in the morning, and I stayed up all night then walked from my house to the school to meet them when they arrived. When I saw their bus pull into the parking lot, something surprised me: I started smiling and I couldn't stop. Watching them get off the bus triggered what was honestly the happiest, best feeling I've felt in years. I felt like a soldier's wife greeting him after a tour oversees or a dog greeting his owner after a long vacation. It was at that moment that I realized that I loved these people, and I couldn't be happier to have them in my life.   For those wondering, I'm a guy, one friend is a guy, the other friend is a girl.
1	only buying hp will make the enmy adc crit 800s+ and botrk % dmg on you and you have no boots to even get close them him.   Also you have to invest a little bit of gold to get that much hp.   Also it does 1760 physical dmg on a full hp target ( the adc will be full hp if volibear manages the flash ontop of them because his spells/aas dont hurt) without armor.   by the time a volibear could get all that stuff its probably lategame so the enemy adc will be lvl 18.   lets look at the math:   lvl 18 lucian has 73 if im corrent. and a lategame adc usually builds a GA which is another 50 armor. with flat armor seals he gets another 9 armor, so he has 132 armor at lvl 18 with a ga and armor seals.   the dmg gets reduced by 100/(100+armor), which means in this case:   100/(100+132) = 0,43 -> he only deals  43%  of the actual dmg,   this is in our case ( asuming /u/narokai is right) 1,760 * 0,43 =  756  dmg.   Lucian has 1830 base HP at lvl 18. probably the +36 flat and the +3% maxhp from masterys so he ends up having 1921hp.   Not very impressive to give up all defensive stats/mobility/cc just to deal not even half of the adcs hp, which the adc can heal up on you because you have almost no armor.
1	This is a rambling wall of text, but I put enough time into it that I'm going to post it   Passive stacking like new Tear would be too good. You'd see consistent 10-11 minute Flares on multiple champions.   Currently, if you're trying to farm up a Flare, losing outer turrets (especially mid) is GG because you can't farm any more.   Making it better when it does work wouldn't help the problem with the item, which is that it relies entirely on PvEing the first 12 minutes of the game and not losing turrets, and rewards you with a very powerful autoattacker on your team.   If anything, they could try buffing the basic stats on the item (the flat AS and AD)   They already increased the price. They could give it a few more numbers to make it more useful when you can't finish the necessary 30 stacks. I personally think that FF in its release state was way too good, because of the scaling heals, but the price changes and nerfs to the stats were a little too much.
1	I'm bored so I'll do some math...   Assume you're a level 12 vayne and you already have blade of the ruined king and zerk greaves and +35 attack damage from runes/masteries/doran's/whatever and +4% attack speed from masteries.   Your next item could be either infinity edge or trinity   assume you maxed tumble first, you have four points in silver bolts, and you tumble once for every 2.5 seconds of strait stand still auto attacking and you get a trinity proc everytime you tumble. assume enemy has 1500 max health for the purposes of silver bolts and your opponent has 100 armor after whatever so i'm just going to punch in silver bolts damage as double the value of regular damage.   Your auto attack DPS is calculated as:   .658 [base vayne attack speed]    1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 149 [your attack damage] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 149   1.5 [tumble damage] + (.07   1500 + 50) * 2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]   so crunching the numbers, your damage over 2.5 seconds with a tumble + some autos is 1149.12.   Add triforce and do the math again:   .658 [base vayne attack speed]    2.281 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 179 [your attack damage]   1.10 [crit] + (.07 1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 179   1.6 [tumble damage adds with crit] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]+178[Sheen damage]   crunching the numbers, your damage is now 1694.28... which is 545.16 more than it was without trinity force.   next, do it with IE instead of triforce:   .658 [base vayne attack speed]    1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 219 [your attack damage]   1.375 [crit & crit damage bonus] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 219   1.875 [tumble dmg/crit/crit dmg] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]   your damage is 1831.98... which is 682.86 more than it was before.   Since IE just adds pure damage, we should divide 3700g by the 682.86 damage that IE adds to determine the value of "damage"... each point of "damage" in this math experiment is worth 5.418g... using this analysis, trinity force adds 2954 (rounded) gold worth of damage, and it costs 3628g.  That's 674g that needs to be made up in other stats on the item.   So the question: is the 250 health, 200 mana, 8% move speed and move speed proc on trinity force worth 674g?  If yes, it's worth buying tri on vayne for the mid game at least.  For late game infinity edge will scale better (you can pick up IE eventually anyway, it's not like tri is slot inefficient.. could replace PD or something in your build)... i'm too lazy to do late game math right now, anyway.
1	Ohh god, seriously grow up. "ohmy some1 reported me for being unskilled bla bla ba.." Seriously you know how many times I get reported on a daily basis for shit stuff ?Guess what, I don't even give a fuck to know and so should you.   And ppl defend him cuz of all the false accusation about him being toxic in game. Which is completely FALSE. Ive seen him hours streaming and not ones seen him flame in game.
1	like it matters,   still oneshots every adc in my book and i feel like his ult is even more rerarded, if they make it like akali R i would be alot more balanced. other options are to give him a passive no clip ms R instead of a usable R or to just give R a real cooldown and it creates a buff wich last for X time in wich he can cast as many ults as he wants/can but if X time is over dashing is over to.   u wont ever get away from him on alot of champs, hugging walls is suicide and it doesnt realy matter if stand 'safe'. kass SS is like a luftalarm telling me to leave town or be part of the rubble.   removing his silence is good and rather lame at the same time from both perspectives, so u can stop fiddle like quinn can but why does it even do that still, its either silence to stop them from casting w an average to high cd or its a shield.   if u want him to cruise like a tazmanian devil then dont let him oneshot,   if u want him to oneshot dont let him be a tazmanian devil.   if u want him to silence then do so, but dont give that lil extra just to have ONE MORE extra option to stop the few fragile channels.   problem lies with how direct his damage output is imo. he is a mix of akali udyr victor.   akali has to Q and proc it to do real damage, same for lb but thats a diffrent story..   if akali Q on u, u know u are in trouble if u dont play care but akali has  to time and manage stacks and procs to be realy effective altho less experienced akalis can still do the basics its about starting the chain.   nobody runs from marathon udyr on his own but he is kiteable.   victor trades by Q nuke and should come out on top based on the shield. and his real tricks are still skillshot based 'kinda'   w kassa its just locate target jump faceroll jump/flash to safety, repeat until win.   his early laning isnt as bad as people realy prenteded it to be.. and he is to hard to punish after 6, i have a 10/10 winrate in ranked with the void the 10 games gathered only by being first pick and him not being banned by redside last season.   back in those days the zeds were still real and the kha was not only scary by his Q, whiped every single one of them home w defense masteries and maxing W bitchslapping, chasing and destroying them to the nexus and back if i wanted to.   kassa is a design flaw and if its all clicky or triangle based, then scalings are a terror, i laughed my ass of when i read hes mana based now... i mean like comon?   pick a game design and stick to it, ryze would like old banshees back and the line in patchnotes after his back to back nerfnotes are still haunting me..   we nurfed the range of all spells on ryze cus he was to big of a problem for the backline...   HAVE U SEEN HOW MANY TIMES I PRESSED Q RITO HIS HANDS MOVE BUT HIS BALLS DONT FLY!!! ROGUE OR ROUGEMAGE??   they were right in some way every other midlaner makes sure the enemy doesnt have a backline to start with... btw who or what is in this back line anyway? adc? the range of pritty much any spell is double of most of adcs basic attackrange the BASIC movespeed of every champ is higher then any adc (unless ults or passives)   adcs have no cc or time to react to monstrosities like kassadin imo.   if im the queen of slows and im kiting why are the enemies still running laps around me?..   2weeks ago i walked past cait to ult her to my tower as janna, i didnt slow her and she wasnt standing still. she had T2 boots i had my passives.   if im ashe and slow kassa its just a minor inconvenience as his cooldowns will be up again before i launched my 3th shot, assuming if i had barrier and flash to start with   ap burst in general should go down w exceptions to some like nidspear which should stay the same. i do want midlaners to be valid, just give them less manacost or regen early so they can still harras. but if u lost one trade its just counting down until vi comes along and towers are gone.   same points count for the AD assasins tbh. for example zeds damage is fine but playing him means u have a korean passport pre 6. u get bullied hard in lane. but if he gets his precious arpen then he can oneshot any adc w half a rotation..   same for riven, wich is a rather dificult case imo. the damage is real but unless your boxbox and know every inch of rivens animations and perform the smoothest animationcancels ever.. u just gona have a bad time.. the reason i brought this up is cus riven wasnt a problem for a very long time. she kinda was but nobody realy played her except a chosen few. on release she had like tripple the health regen BASE compared to any champ now she has 1/3th of the second champ on the bottom of the regen list. this means that rito wants her to be the 'i do it all perfect' oneshot, but doesnt like regen in general wich is kinda odd as laning does feel rather boring atm is it not?   ofc u make all the plays u want but deep inside u know that one mistake or 50health  short will end up costing u the whole laningphase these days..   best way to make alot of anomalies balanced is to relook at almost every champs base stats and figure what u want them to be.   if u want a champ to be the best poker ingame then dont let him run oom after 2 spells.   if u want a champ to be a melee squishy let him have regen   if u want a champ to become tanky then make him tanky w lesser basedamage   if u want adcs to be weaker early then fix it in per lvl stats   if u want assasins to stop adcs then do it but leave a window open for retaliation if he makes a mistake   if u want weird supports or killanes bot then allow it but dont let it be annie vs 2 and a quick Q from cait for easy double and a GG best cait world. still no ad support items   if u want nukes then buy em but do realise that nukes have a cd and diplomatic problems after use, any adc escape is double and in some case tripple the average dashtime. any spell they use consumes 30% mana while others with no recources attacked have no problems and such low cooldowns that even AA in between walking is becomming so dangerous and almost irrelivant. the so called backline is always in range of everything and if engaged no summonerspell in the world will save u.   so
1	Lots of people here saying "click the terrain, not the entrance". Yes, that is how you do it. However, for thin walls like baron, second turret jungle wall, and a few others success rate decreases dramatically, often pathing us around the wall during a team fight. This could be solved by a larger area to click, right at the entrance of the tunnel. Someone said a meep that takes you through, I think a chime would be more appropriate since they speed you up. Meeps would definitely be cooler though.
0	I live in a state that does. I'm a firefighter myself, and was talking to a police officer who was offering cover to a neighboring departments medic unit (he was riding back to district with them in the medic unit). A vehicle failed to yield while they were going code 3 (lights and sirens) to another call, to which they got disregarded, and decided to pull behind this guy who finally yielded and the cop jumped out and gave him a ticket. Funniest shit ever.
0	A perfect example of others peoples obliviousness is when I was driving about a week ago. I was coming up to a red light and had to turn right by moving over into the right only lane when it split off. The person in front of me stops, leaving like 15 feet between them and the person in front of them, not giving me enough space to sneak past into the right turn lane (which was just starting to branch off). I honked my horn at them after waiting and they went forward the extra 2 feet so I could get past. I flipped them off as I went past.   I know I probably do dumb shit when I drive, but at a bare minimum, when I pull up to a light I make sure that the person behind me can get past if they have their turn signal on. I know they didn't "owe" me anything, but how hard is it to have a little courtesy when driving?
1	jesus christ finally! 'Vayne only works in certain teamcomps' Chaox and Doublelift both have said this so many times.   Vayne gets shit on by aoe as well, vs a traditional kiteable bruiser top, bruiser jungle comp she rapes faces but people just don't seem to get taht she's situational. Her kit allows for some really good 1v1'ing but you have to look at the whole package, ofc she's very strong but there is a REASON she's not picked or banned every game in competitive play, as doublelift and chaox say, she's situational.   She works xtremely well in solo Q because there's less coordination and less though-over teamcomps. soloQ =/= draft, and draft is what's the game is actually about.   People will always look at the pubstompers that are actually not that OP but require some knowledge/finesse to play against, and all the QQ eventually ruins the champs. eg. Tryn, Morde.
1	The comment from the TC is quite selfish in a sense. Not only that it costs money, resources and time to implement but consider others that live in faraway countries that already have a very high ping (>200) and add another 100 on top of that.  I'm not sure if this is true but players on the NA server either get thrown into one of the two servers, either on the west coast or in the center of USA but by increasing the amount of servers across USA, this could completely screw up the game. Also, by increasing the amount of servers across NA, this in fact loses money instead, so why would they do it in the first place?
1	She's actually not too bad now that she's settled into the house, I've seen VoD's of the 3 of them (KP Siv and Mommie) interacting together and that's really where you get to see their individual personalities come out. Till I saw that I still thought Mommie was a Siv clone but my mind has been changed.   Also you might want to re-read what Siv actually said, he's not actually complaining about making content that gets muted for copyright infringement, not sure where you got that misconception. I know for a fact that Siv Industries go out of their way to only use media that is completely open (Siv has mentioned it specifically on stream in the past), so I'd be very surprised if any of their VoD's ever get taken down/muted unless something slipped by accidentally.
0	My ex and I agreed to having kids and when we started trying she had a "blighted ovum". Her doctor recommended a DNC to avoid cramping/pain  and said wait a cycle then go ahead and try again.  We tried again and she got pregnant and developed into a fetus however the fetus stopped developing early.  It was likely the DNC hadn't finished healing or her body was still rejecting the first failed pregnancy.  Either way a relatively high percentage of failed first trimester pregnancies is not uncommon.   Her and her twin sister declared that I must have genetically compromised sperm and continuing to have sex must have caused the miscarriage.  Her twin sister had undergone fertility treatment for several years.  They tacitly blamed me amongst their circle of friends.   I did my own reading and research and then spoke with her OBGYN when we went in for a follow up.  The OBGYN just did the 'these things happen - don't worry, keep trying'.
0	Yeah, I can understand that. It's human nature though, we tend to remember or classify things based on what is unique or remarkable about them in the context. In Africa, people would look at me and think 'it's a tall white guy'. In an NBA locker room they'd look at me and go 'hey, it's a short skinny white guy!'
1	Well, first of all, CLG's opponents were really good and outplayed them. Some of the things i noticed were:     Froggen's anivia is really scary. When CLG has anivia, they are pretty damn strong. However, without anivia, Froggen is still really good, but isn't the same level of bad-assery he has when he uses anivia.     Wickd's top lane is pretty mediocre in that tournament. Most teams will just ban out his renekton, his current champ of choice. Since he doesn't like irelia anymore, the champs that he can use comfortably in a tournament level seems to be really limited. His Riven got destroyed by Anguish's WW, his WW got destroyed by an Udyr. Without top lane pressure, enemy jungler has a lot more freedom.     CLG's individual skills and laning ability is top notch (with occational blunders by wick3d, in point 2), their 5v5 team fight coordination is also superb especially with anivia, BUT their early game team movement needs more aggression (when necessary). They lack aggression like 3man dives to top, heavy contesting of buffs, etc. Their ability to fend of enemy aggression is strong in the past like what they did against m5, but recently, especially when their lanes are shaky, they seem to be lost and continues to lose objectives.     Snoopeh's Maokai is really great, but I think he needs to be more comfortable with other junglers too so that CLG as a team can run different comps / strats with varying levels of aggression.
1	Exactly I play with a friend who just reached level 30 recently, which lets face it probably are just slightly worse than these guys most likely. Its not difficult at all to Penta a team of guys who don't know how to deal with fed hyper carries yet. Even from only a tier-tier and a half gap I feel like I'm expected to trash the people I play against when I play with him. Its often where I often put myself at a disadvantage so I don't get massively ahead to the point of no return or I play an off role. Why ruin someones experience by flat out ram rodding them when they're just trying to have fun
0	I agree completely. I think it's a great show and it certainly pioneered the extremely graphic/zombie genre, but the most watch series on TV? Come on. In addition, the whole reason that I liked watching it is because it was enjoyable to watch some people blow the heads off zombies. I'm not even a violent, "YEAH ZOMBIES!!!" person, there was just something fascinating about a zombie apocalypse, and many others feel the same way, as shown by the shows popularity. Now that the biggest problems are other people, congratulations, you now have a cast of two-dimensional characters and shitty plotlines with the only redeemable aspect being the realistic effects. Instead of the Walking Dead, I'll go watch Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones. The only reason the Walking Dead is even in the same paragraph as those other two shows (which are both excellent btw, you should check them out if you haven't already) is because it was incredibly unique.
1	Brutal as it all looks, they're probably just testing if Kha'Zix would still be playable when thrown into a state like this.   When you can test everything why not test the limits and go from there?
1	dyrus was left 1v2 in every game, meteos is 2 godlike in comparison to oddone which is minimal to C9's jungle gargantuan presence, was almost pitiful to watch the difference in skill between the junglers, everything else was even, and i'd say thats what made it (also better shotcalling from c9's side)
1	Any competitive team would jump on the opportunity to scrim with one of the best teams in the world.   Unless you are one of the other best teams in the world and you're trying to beat CLG in a tournament and don't want to give them free practice.   Like I said, a team like Team Liquid, OGODBEARS, Unrestriced, DAO, etc. I'm sure would love to practice against CLG but CLG can stomp them and they don't really gain anything from playing them.   It would be good practice for CLG to practice against EG or TSM but why would either of those teams want to help their rival before a tournament? They don't. And so they don't scrim against them.   Picture this:   CLG: "Hey TSM & EG, will you scrim with us? We could really use the practice so we can beat you at Dreamhack."   TSM & EG: "Umm...no? We'd rather practice together so we can beat you. Thanks though."
0	No, we don't.   There is one thing that I understand, ~50% of people voted in British Columbia last election. They did a survey on the internet and much higher percentage turned out. The Liberals won, even though the survey was hugely in favour of the NDP.   If you think about that, the government only has to target 25%+1 of the population. So the awful governments that gets re-elected or elected, actually only had to appease a minority of your peers. The reason is, nobody can be damned to vote.   People can't be bothered to leave the internet and actually vote. So instead of giving up, I constantly harass people even twice my age to get out of the house and vote. It's your right to vote, but as a citizen of a nation I believe it also your duty to vote. It doesn't matter for who, that's your business, but vote.
1	The way that team functions is weird. Tsm is pretty straight forward. Funnel resources into Bjergsen if their opponent camps him then you have Turtle who can and is able to almost always carry a game. You focus him and Dyrus can even go off. It's like this three headed dragon where even Santorin can pull off shit. Too many threats to neutralize.   Looking at WFX you neutralize POB it's done cause their top is a lost cause and Altec can't carry two losing lanes and a losing jungler. It's like a two headed dog on their end. They need to bring in someone that can hold their own in top or a jungler that can make the other team back pedal.
0	ESPN caters to the most popular as well as the "under-dogs", hence why you can see the 20 minutes of a N.Y Giants loss and how well Johnny Manziel played to beat a #1 ranked Alabama.   It's not that you hate Danica Patrick, albeit I spite her for the GoDaddy.com commercials, you hate ESPN because it forces you to watch crap you don't care to hear about much like how you hate seeing reposts on Reddit but you're still here.
1	And this is one of those stupid posts that thinks Quality of Life changes make the game easier. A good player knows when and how to react to enemy positioning and make the most out of their gold lead. A good player... etc etc. A good player does  not  need to know the exact distance of a Graves Ultimate upon playing him for the first time.   Here is an example of what you are doing wrong:   "I hate how they made the shop interface easier to use; good players know how to navigate the old shop."
0	With some of my friends we tell racist/sexist/etc. jokes every now and then as an obviously absurd satire of the racist/sexist/etc. viewpoints and it's generally in the context of a conversation about racism/sexism/etc. We never say this kind of shit seriously or out of context (i.e. we're not introducing racism/sexism into random conversations that are otherwise free of it). Satire is all fine and good.   However, I have other friends who say sexist shit all the fucking time and it's pretty unsettling how seriously sexist these otherwise highly educated people are. I try to point it out and they don't get mad, but they also just seem to not understand.
1	I wasn't actually claiming silence is against the code. , but that's not even an argument I intend to start, because we both know that you aren't required to type in chat.
0	Something like this happened to me once. There were these three girls right behind me talking about how sexy and awesome my boyfriend was. One of them ever started to talk about how she talked to him a lot and that she would soon have a boyfriend and that it was only a matter of time before he asked her out. The other ones were in awe of her. Literally saying stuff like "I'm so jealous of you. Of course you will get him." I was reading a book and trying not to pay attention to them when I heard them say "OH look! He is coming here!" I looked and there he was, all handsome with his guitar on shoulder. He stared right at me and smiled, I smiled back, of course. He got to where I was, pulled me to my feet, grabbed me by the waist, and gave me a huge kiss. Then he waved politely at the annoying girl, and sat next to me with his arm around me. Not a single word was heard from that girl in the next two hours. It was awesome.
1	Usually in Bronze (Bronze 3 here) a person who builds support can usually carry harder than Psuedo-supports.   with the implementation of increased Support gold, it has encoruaged utility mages (Lissandra, Syndra, Cassiopiea) base utility champs (Gangplank -don't ask-, Lee Sin) and the likes. However I do think that 'support' champs still have a one up on these not so common supports, who think they can carry.   There was a issue in S2 early S3, with 'kill lanes' (running two tanky tops or assassins, bot lane) but the problem is they need to stomp hard and ruin the opposing ADC or the ADC just catches up and puts out more damage.   The issue with this 'carry' supports I think is that they lack the sheer utility that a traditional support can bring.   Sure you can use Lissandra who brings 3 CC moves (a Slow, A Stun and  Root) who scales decently well with items, however she still NEEDS those items to be useful. Say said Lissandra walks into lane and the enemy lane is something traditional but strong (Ashe/Leona maybe) if the traditional lane gets a one-up they will repeatedly stomp because the Support (Leona is this case, brings a lot more to the lane then Lissandra does).   Supports were designed to function on low gold income, therefore losing a lane for a support is not the end. I can recall many times where I have done terribly in lane, but the utility I have has been enough to turn teamfights or kite the enemy long enough for them to get caught out.
0	I seriously doubt there are many chains (even national) that produce the signage centrally and distribute it to every shop.   Most shops will have locally made signs since they can then compete on price with nearby competitors. The same goes for brochures etc.   National chains  may  have a problem with national campaigns and associated brochures, but that is a relatively tiny problem.
1	I thought you meant actual supports but seeing as you mean mages with some sort of utility, this isn't a problem: Annie+Kayle were meant to scale off AP, since they were designed as a mages and mages happen to be dominant in the early/midgame stages. The only question remaining whether they ACTUALLY BUILD AP or not. If their ratios were nerfed, they'd be reduced to mere utility bots and never find play in their intended position anymore.   These "mage-supports" have replaced actual supports that had their scalings reduced, with riot anticipating them becoming what you are complaining about: Damage dealers with utility in botlane.   I for one would only like to see the scaling reverted and see REAL supports have more impact than the utility/ward bots they have been since forever, because having defensive stats more enticing than getting only 0.4-0.5 of your purchased AP as damage (even less as utility) just makes the game a boring tankpunching game. What's the point in picking someone who will not contribute to anything the team does after 20-25 minutes no matter what he builds?   /
0	He was representing A&E when he gave the interview, I'm not really sure how you could disagree with that unless you were just trying to be contrarian   Yeah, I absolutely don't agree with that... and I'm not sure how you can relate this to the instance you mentioned. Phil wasn't wearing an A&E shirt, or doing an interview that had anything to do with A&E. A more applicable scenario is one where let's say: Someone works at home depot, after hours someone comes up and asks me about my religious beliefs, I answer, the person publishes our conversation, and then I come back to home depot to find I have been fired because they don't agree with my beliefs. Just because I work at Home Depot it does not directly make me a representative of Home Depot.   >Sorry for so many edits but you do know by opinion I meant findings of court cases related to employment discrimination right?   Yes I did, and a judgement is nothing except an interpretation of a law where the understanding of said law may be unclear. And that interpretation of the law is nothing more than the opinion of the judge on how he or she believes the law was meant to be applied. I am uncertain of where this specific situation would fall in a gray area under the law. If you have a similar court case that represents the gray area under this statute or law then again... please post it.
1	The Olaf nerfs right after the Season 3 Qualifiers still kinda baffle me. He was nerfed in a time where the Season 3 patch was still being fiddled with, and there were still item problems far superior to Olaf's strength (Cleaver Fever, Sunfire+Mogs, Red Elixir start) which i guess you could argue Olaf would be strong in all of them, in addition to his strength in the S2WC.   Yeah that probably is grounds for a nerf, but the reason IM MAD is because of what became of top lane anyway. Characters like Renekton, Riven, Shen, and Rumble came into fruition, and even at the time I dont think Olaf had a clear advantage against any of them besides maybe Shen. He was great against the more auto attack-y junglers that were popular at the end of season two like Irelia and Jax, but they both fell out of fruition anyway with the Triforce nerfs. I also think pre-nerf jayce / elise would have absolutely crushed him, who were both strong top lane / strong picks in general for nearly all of season 3.   Anyway,
1	The point he's trying to make is that if Vayne reaching "6 items, everyone in the game is fucked" status is an issue, a point of concern, something that needs to be looked at, then fine; nerf that aspect of her gameplay. But to take a dump on her already pitiful laning phase and ruin unique aspects of her kit(unescapable, stealth to reposition for condemn).
1	Diamond rengar only player here; AP Rengar actually has a really good landing phase. The weakness is the window where you can't quite Oneshot the adc/apc ie midgame, lategame he functions similarly to ad nuke rengo but can't duel aswell making him an inferior splitpusher, after your 3x w rotation you have no dmg and is countered very hard by banshees veil, so unless you snowball hard and accelerate your midgame you're going to have a hard time
0	I hate to say it but im going to call bullshit.  Ups drivers have it made with they amount of money and overtime they get and its incredibly hard to get the driver position.   As for drugs they screen you constantly.   Reference: was shipping clerk
1	Okay, in my opinions, a very large number of people here do not understand how Cass works. You need to build a littler heartier on her, because you are a  sustained  DPS mage, not burst. That being said...   Start out with a Mana crystal + 2 Hpots. Rush the catalyst. Grab boots 1, then turn the cata into RoA. Boots 1 -> Sorc shoes. Then get a Rylai's. Deathcap -> Zhonya's -> Choice last item. I usually go a little more defensive. BV or QSS. I would highly recommend not building CDR on her, since her E becomes a flat cooldown when the target is poisoned, and your Q already recharges before the duration ends. There is no sense in building more CDR than base.   For skills you want to go Q E W E E R E Q E Q R Q Q W W R W W The reasoning behind this is, even though your Q does more damage over time, that is precisely what it is. A DoT. You have no burstyness with it. So in between casts of Q, you will be using your E which is your main source of damage. Yes your Q does more number wise, but not actually DPS more.   The mindset of Cassiopeia is the longer you stay in battle, the more you do. Unlike Annie, who just walks in, blows her spells, and then doesn't do anything. You have to be in the fight longer than other people. As soon as you can get 2 - 3 people in your ult, use it. Spam your Q, use your W in tactical positions that will slow/poison multiple people, and E spam on those squishies that you catch in your poison. You are essentially a midline caster, thus why you need to have a little more health on you. Positioning is what makes Cassiopeia a good character. Knowing how and when to use your spells.
1	There is a 100% effective way to get toxic players to stop talking, and that is to mute them. I honestly think that aggressively using the mute button has won me more games than any single improvement in skill. Don't wait for the flame wars to start, don't wait for halfway through the game after you've already died twice by typing or reading chat during a dragon fight. Someone was raging in the pregame lobby? Mute their ass the second you get in game. Teammates keep responding to them? Mute everyone. Chat is way overrated, you can say everything you need to with pings.   Sure, trolls can do actively detrimental things like walling you off, but when you don't have the distraction of whatever they're saying, you will personally play much better. And that's all you can ever really hope for in yolo queue, self-improvement. Trollers gonna troll, and there's not much you an do about it. Mute them and move on, and you might be able to pull a victory from a lost game or two.
1	Why do you want to build "standard"? IMO it's worth the time and effort to figure out your own builds, rather than going cookie cutter.
0	So the iPhone isn't overpriced? You state that the GS4 you just bought was only $30 cheaper than the 5S. If you compare the features however you would notice that you are getting more for your money..  Comparing the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 5, I don't believe that there is enough of an upgrade to justify the price, nor enough features, Apple charges the amount they do not because they have a great product but because they have great marketing and people will buy it.
0	One time while visiting the KFC in my town I saw the shift manager bitching out employees in the back(you can see and hear right to the back) and when she came up front I told her that she cannot talk to her employees like that. It is inappropriate and as I customer that is unacceptable way to treat employees. The employees there heard me call out the manager and when I got my tray of food it was piled with extra food and a thank you from the employees. That was a good day, I later called corporate to report the managers actions.
1	According to MLG and Riot, Curse and Dignitas agreed to a prize split before the tournament (legal). They also decided to play an ARAM in game 1 (legal). Where they got in trouble was, when investigating the prize split, there were (allegedly) indications/evidence of the teams deciding who would win, as a condition of and/or in conjunction with the prize split, which is not allowed.   I of course was not there so I do no know one way or the other if dig and curse did or didn't do this, so I'll just wait for more information to come from the organizations of the teams, as well as mlg and riot.
1	Lets go to the top with this gentleman.   See, OP, dont take it the wrong way but i really believe you are not honest with us, and probably with yourself.   If you play like you describe you should be able to go up NO PROBLEM. Because Elo is not about Luck, its about RNG. You are playing with 9 people, 4 are with you and 5 are against you. On the long run, games SHOULD balance, sometimes you will get a troll, sometimes you will get a decent AP mid that will carry your team. The only factor that will, (again, on the long run) balance your Elo, is YOUR impact on your team.   Do you take leadership if you think you can help your team make better decision ? Do you keep a cool head and give advices ? Are you polite ? Are you the kind of people to raise the team's morale, or just say "GG" when FB happens ? Many people will trash these questions ("who cares about advices, only thing important is to get CS and kills and not die) but when people grasp this concept of "Team effort", suddenly Elo rises in no time.
1	Can you stop being the internet police, let people do and watch what they want. If people want to watch girls cleavage while they play league badly then guess what they can.
0	Say the other three cable ends are connected already, both positives are connected, and the negative on the car doing the jumping is connected. When you connect the last cable end, you are completing the circuit between the two cars and this can create a spark. You want that spark to be as far away from the battery as possible due to previously mentioned explosive gases.
0	Sustainable solutions vs. delaying the problem   Early American aid efforts for Africa illustrates this (and in many cases continue to do so). Give Detroit 10 billion dollars. If their institutions, programs, and businesses are not overhauled that money will be drained like all their money before that. You can't throw money at it.
1	As a jungler I agree, but there is another dark side to this situation, which is way more fucking painful and I see it way too often.   It's where the laner dies when the jungler performs a shitty gank, and suddenly the lane is lost and you never see your jungler again.   Example:   I'm in a game last night, slamming the random button to figure out what to play (I've been pounding down games a lot lately, so it was a normal draft with 4 friends and a pug,) I end up as Swain vs Malphite mid.   Not too bad, our jungler, a Fizz (because I watch high elo bro this shit is the bees knees...) poorly ganks into a counter gank in lane, and flashes, over extends, I follow, over extend, die. There's no way out, and we just fed a Malphite mid and Riven jungle.   The first thing out of his chatbox. "GG Mid don't expect ganks you fucking worthless, trashbin, and don't expect blue. Mad bro?"   I replied, trying to rationalize (huge mistake,) saying that he shouldn't have over extended, he's playing essentially an AP assassin out of the jungle without knowing where the opponent's jungler is, and the commitment cost us big.   Wow, after that, he refused to communicate, offered me blue (I would get near it, he would smite it and say, "SYKE,") never ganked a single lane after that, and auto-fed on purpose.   The icing on the cake is that he blamed me for the loss, I was dealing with a fed malphite as a Swain without access to a blue buff. And of course, after the game was over he politely wrote, "Please report Fiarce, he is bad mannered and a feeder."   So yeah, the coin flips both ways, although often the jungler is blamed, 1 death and the lane gets jungler blame for losing and refusal to help, turning the game into a flaming snowball of get.fucked. isn't exactly great either.
0	The meme isn't sexist. The title the OP gave in regard to the text he added to the meme's image is sexist.   Edit/
0	It was a conscious decision actually. I was at a point in my life where everything I had valued was coming apart in front of me and honestly I was in the pits of despair for a while. I realized the only thing I could control was myself and I made the conscious decision to do whatever I could to improve myself. I was at a point where all I felt was inadequate and disappointed in myself, and I realized only I could change it and that I had to take it one step at a time. If you had told me just 8 months ago that I would go from eating like shit to being a vegetarian and a guy who  has  to work out before he can feel his day is complete, I'd have probably called you a bullshitter and shrugged it off.   As for diet, it took me a total of 3 months before I actually learned how to eat. It took me another month before I implemented it and everyday it's a conscious decision to not take the easy way out and buy that supposedly healthy "lean cuisine" instead of spending 20 minutes cooking. At the time, I was working a 3rd shift job overnight doing menial tasks and luckily management did not care if I listened to audio books so I downloaded everything I could and listened for 8 hours a day everyday on nutrition, diets, and motivational speeches. I listened and I slowly started restructuring my diet. First thing first, I cut down on my sugars and processed foods. I didn't eliminate anything from my diet until this past November. In December I started eating leaner cuts of meats and incorporated vegetables. At first I had no idea what to do with vegetables other than potatoes, corn, mushrooms and onions so I bought vegetable blends and just stir fried it if nothing else. After a long time of not consuming endless amounts of sugars, I realized that vegetables ain't all that bad (I used to think they tasted gross). Starting in January, partly because I found myself spending gross amounts of money on chicken breast, I tried going vegetarian. It was a bit hard, and still is, to learn how to prepare foods ahead of time and how to cook it but it's a work in progress. So far I'm rather enjoying it because now I spend at most 30 minutes a day cooking and I spend roughly $200 a month on groceries now which is roughly $2 a meal. I eat a lot of different legumes, greens, more potatoes than I care to admit, lots of egg whites with the occasional yolk, milk, and snack on fruits. By the way, bananas are amazing at $0.39/lb where I am at, it's a ridiculously cheap snacking food instead of buying beef jerky. Unlike most people, I don't count calories anymore either since it puts me in this strange mindset where I have to eat x amount of food. However, I'm not looking to gain but lose weight and so far it's been working.   As for exercising, I started off actually just walking. It's so simple it flies over our heads. Many of my friends do Beachbody programs and I chose to walk. My objective was to lose weight and be healthier, and frankly, walking is easy on me, gives me time to just wind down and relax, and its been healthy. After about 3 months of walking, I figured I'd give Insanity a try with all of the yooha I got from friends about it. I did it for 30 days before I got bored. To me it felt like glorified cardio and I felt I could get a better cardio session running around my neighborhood. Mind you, running "1 block" on my neighborhood is equivalent to 1 mile (I tested it on Nike+ Run) thanks to being filled with 3 different apartment complexes and a park. Afterwards, I actually went to a gym near my neighborhood but was disappointed by the lack of training the "personal trainer" had and the lack of an actual bench press or squat rack so I resigned myself to exercising at home due to a lack of car.   So I started learning calisthenics. I got onto my computer, as most of us do, and instead of typing in reddit or facebook or something like that I simply googled "body weight exercise" and bam! Calisthenics it was. So that's what I decided on. Of course I get shit from it from some people but I feel I have no reason to manipulate other weights until I can actually handle my own weight and it's what has kept it fun and interesting for me. Besides, I have major motivation just from looking at the insane things people can do with their body on youtube, Frank Medrano, Bar Bros, and Ido Portal to name the first few that I stumbled upon. Seriously watching them do what they do simply made me go "That. I want to do that." and that was the end of that.   As far as how to get started, I think it begins first with the mentality. You have to make the conscious decision to go through with it. A lot of people want to change/improve/do something but I feel a lot of people do not make the conscious effort to do it even when they do not want to do it. So step 1 is a mentality change; you start doing the shit you don't want to do because you know it is what you have to do to get what you want. Once you can do that bit where you do things even when you do not want to you'll naturally progress forward. I think this is where a lot of people fail, but afterwards it becomes a lot easier.   Afterwards, is the part where you begin to like what you do and want to learn more. This is the best part and so far where I feel I am at. Right here is where you want to learn anything and everything about a particular subject. You start reading everything you can, asking people, listening to people, and eating up all the information you can find on it and then attempting to do it (ideally in a safe way). You continue to do it and you start to love doing it and in a mundane way, you slowly gain mastery.   The last part of it, I think, is when it sort of consumes you. What you wanted becomes a part of you and you absolutely want to share that bit to anyone who would listen. Of course it doesn't necessarily mean you go out and preach it but when people ask you share to the best of your ability. And when you've reached this part, it's already become a part of you and you do it everyday without fail.   So really, it all comes down to the old questions: "Do  you  really want it?" and "How  bad  do you want it?" And if you say you really want it and you want it bad then even if you don't want to do the things you have to do, you do it anyway because that's how bad you want it and if you don't, then you just don't want it bad enough.   As far as weight loss is concerned, I do believe people should be less concerned about weight as a factor of weight loss. The scale  will  destroy you. I say, step on it when you commit to losing weight to see where you start... and then step on it again in six months or whenever you feel you've progressed and you will succeed in your own mind. Weighing yourself everyday and even every week however, I think, weighs on your mind because you see no progress and give up. You just got to see it as an investment, and the way I think of it, I'm building myself into my image, my masterpiece, with my own two hands slowly and one day I  will  get there but until then I  must  keep hammering away.   /End of rant.
0	Both of my parents were alcoholics.  My dad quit drinking cold turkey the day he found out he was having me. My mom quit when I was ten. I started drinking freshman year of high school.  Told my parents about all my escapades when I was finally going to college. My dad giggled his ass off while my mom was mad for a bit. Couple hours later my relationship with them got stronger than it ever had been. I grew up with my mom telling me that alcoholism is genetic and I needed to be really careful.  Now, neither of them judge me for drinking.
0	Story if any...   I was alway nervous to eat certain foods because i believed they gave me gas or nasty stomach aches...  Then, after leaving for college and drinking far less milk, I found I wasn't having the same symptoms with the same meals.  Upon returning home and drinking milk again, I noticed it happening.  It wasn't the meal, it was the drink with the meal...
1	So, theorycrafting...for Champions with AOE dot aura, Sunfire Cape (2,610 gp/ +450 hp/ +45armor/Passive)compared vs. Zhonya's hourglass (3,100 gp/ +100 AP/ 50 Armor/ Passive) vs Rylai's Crystal Scepter (3,105 gp/ +500 hp/ +80 AP/ Passive)   So, important, gold ratios (per 100gp):   Sunfire Cape (+17.2hp/ +1.72armor/ 1.34dps(m))   Zhonya's Hourglass (+3.22AP/ 1.61armor/Passive)   Rylai's Crystal Scepter (+16.1hp/ 2.58AP/ Passive)   Karthus Defile has a 0.25 AP damage ratio   Gains 0.81/ 0.65 dps(m) per 100gp with Zhonyas/Rylais (compare to Sunfire Cape at 1.34 dps (m) per 100gp)   Amumu's Despair has a 0.01 % max target health AP damage ratio   Deals 0.32/ 0.25 dps(m) per 100gp with Zhonya's/Rylais per 1,000 hp the target has. To gain an equivalent gold/damage ratio for this skill to Sunfire care, Zhonya's/Rylai's requires a target with 4.2k/ 5.3k hp.
0	I personally down voted it because it has a miss-leading title. I was expecting some sort of ice cream that would make me go "Wtf" instead I got something entirely different and went. "eww". Even if the missleading title made me go "wtf" I would have still down voted because of a miss-leading title.
0	That's the whole point of being a minority party. Only now the culture has changed where everyone has become so entrenched few are willing to budge. When you hear a lot of people talking they refer to ALL of them being evil or idiots. You cant get shit done with that type of mentality. The proliferation of TMZ style news reporting, which seems to refer to political parties like their opposing armies, only exasperates the problem. Do you really think once Obama is gone we will suddenly flip a switch? Whoever is President will be hated on by about half the people and the minority party in congress will be obstructionist.   You can go all the way back to the latter Clinton days for examples, but then again back then both sides were willing to give a little here to get some there. How about the mid-2000's. Do you remember the Nuclear Option? That was what the Republicans tried to resort to when the Democrats, pissed off at W. decided they were just going to filibuster every judicial nomination. Then they made a deal and the Dems subsequently won control of congress. Afterwards, when the nominations were re-sent (they had been returned since they were open so long) the Dems said, "nah, we are not even going to look at these for TWO YEARS, because we think we can win the presidency so we are just going to do nothing till then." Fuck you for trying to do your job. This is old news.   While I am willing to admit some of the hated towards Obama is really unwarranted, this super combative political arena has been around for a lot longer than 2008. Until at the minimum we get better leadership I wouldn't expect much change. I don't think I paint myself as any kind of zealot if I say that Reid, Boehner, McConnell and Pelosi have worn out their welcome and have shown they are ALL completely incompetent when it comes to fostering a productive Congress.   Whoa.... sorry. I started typing and bam, that went on too long.
0	Appropriate username is appropriate!   See, at least you have decent reasoning behind your tailgating. Yesterday on my commute home, a person started rising my ass BECAUSE I moved into the right late. There was a person speeding up behind me, and I noticed it in time, so I moved over.   Then this other car was trying to fly around the first car I noticed by getting into the right lane, and speeding up on me. We weren't the only cars on the road, it was a busy time of day. They rode up on me and threw their hands up in the air, like I was the fucking idiot for getting in the SLOW LANE.
0	That's why I said I didn't want to overgeneralize, I was just answering your question not judging anyone, you were the one saying that 18~24 and 45+ people act dumb in college, I just made a point that it may be because you haven't meet the right kind of people.   Also, you were the one judging the work ethics, just because you meet some dick military vets, doesn't mean the ones that attend college after that are the same kind of people.   Disclaimer : I'm not a vet, but I got back at college after having had to leave some 10 years ago for monetary issues after almost completing all the necessary courses (had to work full time and move a few times and just couldn't keep up), just got back 1 and half years ago (in a different course than the first time, because screw it), and the reason I don't screw around is not because I don't want to, is because it fucking costs me, it must be the same for those vets, it's not that they don't want to screw around, is just that they don't want to spend too many years having to attend college, many freshman that come from high school don't have that mentality till they are halfway college and realize they won't make it in time.
1	I wanted to play Shaco, but someone else picked him before I could. So I picked Twitch as a joke. I didn't lock, but Shaco already had. Then someone picked Eve, and locked. Then we had a jungle Nocturne who locked, and I decided to go for it. (I think our fifth was Nasus, but he just stayed top the whole game and didn't join in on the fun).   So we get in and attempt laning for a few minutes but it doesn't go well. Conveniently the enemy doesn't have a jungler, so me and Eve double their jungle, while Nocturne and Shaco double ours. Meanwhile, the enemy is pushing out our lanes. So we four-man gank mid. Then we four-man bot.   Rinse and repeat. We won that game, and I honestly think a good part of that was because we were actually willing to break the rules and have fun. I should have added those guys. They were amazing players.
0	The toilers in the bathroom in my building had automatic flush units that had 2 settings - low and high.  The idea was that if you were just there for a few seconds, the system figured you were just taking a piss and would use the low-flow setting.  Otherwise it would do a full flush.  There were also 2 buttons on top - one to activate each flush setting.   I have worked here for 7 months and have never run into another person in a stall - I have seen severel people taking a piss in the urinal but never have I seen a locked stall door.  I, on the other hand, take a big health coffee-fueled dump about 9am every morning.  I suspect I am the only pooper in the place.   Today when I went in for my morning constitutional, I noticed that they had changed out the flush head to remove the low-flow option.  I don't know how I should feel about that.
1	Don't feel bad, working my way through silver now and everyone thinks they know how to play the game. There isn't one set of end all be all builds for all champs. Hydra is good for any melee champ (mostly). I usually just ignore people and always ask myself how can I improve? Do the same, get out of this BS of well the lolking guide says build "X" when really I should build "Y".
1	Wait, wait, wait.   I just wrote more than 2 paragraphs, and you didn't respond with "
0	I didn't have any idea either until i saw that it was posted to /r/tifu, which i'm not subscribed to.
1	This.   Trist is a good champ to learn and level with, her ult's pushback and rocket jump escape should keep you relatively safe, even moreso once you unlock flash. And she's great at higher levels too, but she requires a lot of practice. Don't jump into a fight unless you're positive you'll get the kill.   Take exhaust if you're solo queueing . Then, if a Trynd or Yi jumps on you and you're unprotected you can exhaust him and kill him or escape. Exhaust is really super-effective against these squishy melee AD champions; read it's description. Don't use it for a slow. The damage reduction it applies is its main effect.   Trist also has a passive heal reduction to prevent these champions from lifestealing to 100% in a fight. It also has a DOT which if well-timed may be able to kill a Trynd who is attempting to escape after ulting, not sure on this one though.   Bloodthirster is very strong at these levels, as the lifesteal will keep you in fights and duels longer. This level is more about 1v1s than big teamfights in my experience.
1	yea, but as many people point out now veigar cant deal with burst champions in any way. any assassin will jump to him, kill him and ggwp. THATS a no counter play game.   old veigar u had tenacity and/or qss and/or mikaels to fight back. and even zonyas agaisnt his retarded high dmg ult (if u were able to just zonyas while it was mid air, so it would go in cd and u would survive). or even a banshee could do the trick sometimes to avoid the burst.   EDIT:
1	I'm going to mention this because most people on the "we want runes or rune pages cheaper" bandwagon seem to shove this under the rug or down vote it.   Runes although a semi flawed system, are there to help you learn the game. Getting runes faster so you can jump into ranked faster how the system was designed and not the point of the game. Ranked is for competitive players with the skill to compete for the possibility of going pro not for casual Joe Blow to show his E-penis saying he is diamond. If you think there are bad/toxic players in ranked now, just wait until you get players who just start the game with only 130 wins it took them to get to level 30 but 200-300 loses but because riot made runes cheaper and easier to get they think they are ready for ranked play. Getting more runes and pages cheaper doesn't mean you will win games. Players have to know why these runes make (whatever champion) better not just because some pro on solomid.net or clg chauster said so.
0	The whole situation was just surreal. I was on my way home from work and got stuck in the snow without a shovel or cat litter (like an idiot) and was trying my best to get unstuck using my hands. About 5 min in, up comes this guy in a brand new truck with four wheel drive. He stops, sticks his head out of the window, and says "You got 50 bucks?” I was surprised and a little confused so I didn't say anything at first. This old stranger, missing a few teeth, was asking me for money. He then clarifies, "If you got 50 dollars, I'll pull you out." At this point I was pretty sure there was no way I was getting out on my own, but I don't carry cash. I tell him so, to which he responds "too bad," and drives off. I'm feeling really dumb for driving anyway and start trying to use some trash to put under my tires, maybe get some traction that way, and up drives this old Ford pickup. Out hops a little Mexican guy, and without saying a word, he sets to work digging my car out of the bank I was in. I try helping and saying thank you. He gives me this look of "I understand half of what you're saying," and then proceeds to help me for the next 30 minutes as we get it unstuck and out of the road. I then try to give him a Walmart gift-card I had in my wallet (25 dollars, not much, but it was all I had at the time) and he shakes his head and takes off.
1	I watch streams on an atom based nettop connected to my pc. (Low cpu power etc)   Twitch.tv lags for me if I have the normal webpage open, after some investigation I found it was the chat client. So when some action happened, people would talk about it and would cause lag at the most exciting times!   Then I found the popout button, closed the original browser window and it was perfect.
1	Then he might as well remove the  dashes  so the post can be read, along with the
1	I agree that this event had a lot of issues. I purchased a General Admission ticket, and, being quite honest, I had a blast (The 2nd day at least). I got to meet just about any pro player I wanted because they were incredibly accessible throughout the event. I met the casters and rioters as well and it was an amazing Sunday.   IPL really dropped the ball with the TAC3 finals taking over the entire Saturday. They had technical issues and took horrendous breaks between each match when they know the series can go 18 games and they had a 6 hour time frame to play them in. I don't care about SC2 and the way they made it seem in their advertisements for the event was that it was a short few hours to wait for the main stage and that league would be on a separate screen (as though there was a smaller auditorium of some sort). In fact, the preview video for the event didn't even feature SC2 clips, it was all League. This was not the case, however. There were no signs of any sort to indicate that League was downstairs and none of the staff was helpful at all when people were clearly confused as to where things were. This seems like an incredibly simple solution that IPL could have remedied. You put up a freaking sign, and they mention it to you when you check in. Problem solved, but it seemed like their staff was more content sitting around making sure only VIPs were walking into the "practice area" instead of offering any concrete help. Staff members pretty much stood by doors or sat in chairs and acted like they didn't want to be there.   I truly feel for you for paying 150 for your ticket. The perks they offered were not worth that much money, however, it was Riot that was giving out the free stuff on both days, not IPL, so you cannot rightly hold IPL responsible for random people getting your "free stuff" (which consisted of thundersticks mostly, whoopdedoo) if we are trying to argue fairness here. IPL should have made the venue easily navigable. It is astonishing that they didn't because it was so small it would have been simple.   I understand that you feel cheated, but the front 5-6 rows were still for VIP seating on Sunday and their was a practice area that was VIP only access during the event so you could watch the pros warm up etc. They reduced the seating for VIPs because they undersold VIP tickets and had large amounts of seats in the front area sitting open, which is unfair to deny seats to people that paid to see the event, even if they paid less money. There were things IPL did wrong such as accessibility and transparency throughout the event, but I did not see the seating nor Riot giving out prizes for good signs and free swag to try and boost the morale at the event as negatives.
1	I didn't get affected by the NA issues since I am on EU, HOWEVER I did get affected by issues back when EU was unified and we got like 2h ques every day didn't matter what time or day it was you always had that and to top it off servers went down due to overload.   I am not saying everyone is entitled to a compensation but this has happened before and it has happened twice already, first being the EU split and the second was the awful Hecarim patch that had so many bugs that it wasn't even half playable. They claimed that it was a learning experience which is downright PR bullcrap, this happened before they learned nothing and they never will.   All of this coupled with the fact that they always claim to be upgrading hardware and working their hardest while the results don't show doesn't help people calm down and not feel like they are being screwed over. To top it all off they are using old servers that were used by other companies, that surely should've raised a red flag when they started growing popular that there were going to be issues.
0	See, the only issue I have with this line of reasoning is that it implies that someone who screws up can never be credited with having learned from their mistakes.  If she views sex before marriage as wrong, then she should absolutely view herself as having erred in her own past...but it doesn't mean she can't tell you  now  that you ought not to be doing it pre-marriage either.  "Let he who has never sinned cast the first stone" isn't a defense against ALL lecturing and instruction, but perhaps only against its most judgement and condemning strains.   That all being said, I am totally pro-fucking.  I think waiting til marriage to hook up is a recipe for disaster, and that in general people should do what they want, so long as they aren't plainly harming other people or themselves (and damage to your relationship with a god doesn't count, since the latter's existence is merely hypothetical).
0	Why are you linking a criminal case? I said claim of action for negligence, not a criminal proceeding of criminal negligence. I'm talking about civil action.   You're entirely out of scope with your response. Go back to bird law ;)   Further, assault in a criminal scope involves intentional voluntary force against another person who has not consented. The operative word being force.   Smearing peanut butter on someones face has that force (as is the example in your link), putting peanut butter in someones food does not, similarly spraying perfume does not.   It would be criminal negligence causing bodily harming.
1	Does this really need to be posted on Reddit for League to win? It's not about winning, it's about which f2p is the best. Of course you're going to get votes if you start throwing around links, but is that a real competition?  If 400,000 LoL fans vote in a poll of what game is the best in the world, and say, the other half of the voters are un-biased, independent voters who have a mind of their own, who do you think is going to win? That's not a real poll, the results are highly skewed.
0	If she asks for space and describes her feelings for her ex I'm going to go out on a limb and say shes doing that annoying woe is me with this triangle of dick mainly because she is indecisive and insecure and the dick triangle is affirming her self worth.   Your only chance is to flat out say: "Where does this leave me or us? It sounds like I'm being strung along here. This sounds like a breakup which is fine but you need to make that clear." Walk away freeze her out 100% (no calls, no texts) and go pick up some STD factories at bars. Demonstrate that she is replaceable, if she was cheating on you emotionally she wont have a reason to come after you, if she wasn't she'll try to work it out. The only reason she is doing it now is because she knows you will stick around or she is trying to let you down "in a nice way" even though doing so is the most unhealthy, unclear thing and is very manipulative on her part. I am presuming a lot but it sounds like some selfish evil shit is going on.
0	they were actually real (good) friends.   BUT CHUCK NORRIS LOLOOLOLOLOL IM15ANDLOLIKNOWFUNNY
0	That's because football doesn't stop every 30 seconds. You're system the match starts, run around for 45 minutes, ref blows for halftime, 15 minute block of ads sometimes interrupted by Gary Neville telling you what you watched for the last 45 minutes, then back to match for another 45.   American football stops constantly and most of the game nothing happens so there's a lot of space to jam in ads. Most of the "game coverage" is players standing around not doing anything. That's not hyperbole either. [Here's a link]( to a Wall Street Journal article on what makes up a typical NFL broadcast.
1	In IPL there was this commercial with Chauster talking about how people are afraid of thinking outside the box, that they don't "challenge the meta" and only play the way that is "accepted". He mentioned bot lane as an example, that no one plays bruisers bot against AD + support even though bruisers win that lane.  I very much agree with what he was saying, and I've been trying to point out these things myself many times to my friends and on the forum. Champions like Shyvana, Urgot, AD Kenne etc. where looked upon as weak, and were never played, until a team won a tournament with them. Now recently you can see Vayne as an example of this. Basically never played since nerf, Doublelift played her and now suddenly people think of her as viable and really good again.  I wanted to hear your output on this mindset I guess you can call it; do you agree with me on that it exists and if you do, how do you think it affects the overall progress of gameplay in League? What things do you think could actually change, like champions, summoners, setups, lanes etc.? Because in games like HoN the meta is more flexible, there are a lot of different ways to arrange your lanes for instance, a thing that is very stagnant in LoL.
0	Pro tip: assume everyone already likes you. People don't realise quite how much you reflect whats going on your head. And yes practice makes things easier. Ive always been an easy going guy but I was never as confident as I am now. Im also one of your typical 'nice guys' ive been told that many times. So guess what. I just assume im nice and everytime I meet someone I act like they're already my friend. Instant likeability. Treat someone like a friend from the moment you meet them, chances are you'll become their friend or if your motive is different, itll get your foot in the door.
1	Asbestos and lead-based paint used to work very well in homes. It was the norm, and it was what people expected. Airplanes used to be scary. People avoided them. Going with what is tried and true only slows progression in all forms. Ingenuity is what made our race so amzing. Did you know when pencillan came out, it was widely rejected?
0	Whoa, I think I should clarify.   I mean that there is a difference between "recommend" and "shoving something down you throat". Recommending something is actually much appreciated because then it's like being introduced to a whole new world that you're being introduced to. For example, I had one friend who introduced me to the game Mass Effect by telling me a little bit about it and how the game play works etc. And part of that was because of course I'm going to take the time to listen to her and she was patient with me because if I was interested I was interested, and if I wasn't, I wasn't. Another example is a friend who recommended Sherlock to me. He simply told me that he thought I would like it because he liked it, and told me a little bit about it, and that was it. Both of these friends didn't push anything but told me a little bit about what they were recommending.   However, I have another friend who, at first was recommending GoT to me. I was super excited because I heard great things already so I was excited to start. Of cours eit takes me a long time to finish anything as I juggle a few different things, but she kept pushing it on me. Constantly. I love her to death, but she wasn't giving me any peace as if any other activity was sacrelige and that all I shouldbe doing is watching GoT until I finish it and then talk about it. If I ever tried to talk about anything else or recommend something else, she'd completely dismiss it without having ever tried it because she had deemed GoT the greatest thing since sliced bread.   The former case I'd call recommending while as the latter was my friend  shoving something down my throat. Of course this doesn't mean I still wouldn't try something. I started on the GoT book and the show and I do love both now, but it ende dup being something I had to do at my own pace without being pushed.
1	Because you cannot take something arbitrary such as Blitzcrank into straight up statistics.   A blitzcrank who lost his lane can still become extremely strong in teamfights due to his capabilities in hooking badly positioned opponents.   For example, you are using SoloQ statistic which would obviously scew Blitzcrank positively. Lets take a look at ranked  team  since that would actually show coordination between two teams with a Blitzcrank in opposition and as a teammate.   Between march 28th and April 7th (50.76% - 50.91%) the highest winratio is the 31th of march at 51.26% and the lowest at April 4th with the ratio of 47.64% winratio, a rop of 2.36% w/r. This is  overall  Bronze to Challenger.   At Bronze the 28th day of March: 49.94% winratio and 49.32% winratio. 2th day of April was the highest at 51.78%, two days later the 4th of April it was at 46.18%.   Sadly after you hit Diamond in 5v5 team ranked the winratios start going haywire, meaning that the statistics can no longer be trusted. Blitzcrank is only played a couple of times a day meaning that one loss and three wins would result in a 66.66% winratio, thus it cannot be trusted.   Platinum: The 28th of March has a winratio of 51.13% and the 7th day of April the winratio is 52.19%. After the 29th of March the winratio takes a dive to a staggering 45.56% median and shortly after, the 5th April it skyrockets to 56.35%.   Do you see any correlation between Bronze and Platinum+? If you take every tier; Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum you can see that while the winratio creeps up to almost always a 50-51.5% winratio it does not show any 55% winratios.   What are the actual facts and theorycrafts?   The facts are that while in SoloQ Blitzcrank obviously has advantage over the team 5v5. Also while at lower ranks the Blitzcrank enjoys a steady ~50% the higher ranks shows a slight increase above 50% to 51%-51.5% with spikes throughout all ranks and charts.   Now lets move to theorycrafting and guesswork, the latter one which you seem to be more interested in.   Since both laners at higher ranks knows how their comps works at botlane with and against Blitzcrank. It could be possible that even if the Blitzcrank lane lose they are able to find badly positioned targets.   The problem is, the higher the ranks; the lower the chance for a bad positioned target the harder it would become for Blitzcrank to find targets.   Obviously the above cannot be said as true or false. Why? Because there's simply not enough information collaborating your statement, nor enough to say it is false. But there are some facts, that a coordinated team displeases the winratio of Blitzcrank; meanwhile a dis-coordinated team pleases Blitzcrank.   Now, if you instead take it the other way around; Since the Blitzcrank knows what he's doing it is possible that Blitzcrank also has it easier to find good targets since he knows Blitzcrank and can play around his strengths.   If we go back to soloQ throughout every rank you have 53 to 55 percent winratio concurrently. Obviously Blitzcrank excels when it comes to picking badly positioned targets out.   While in coordinated teams with good skill, he loses that high winratio and finds him in cushy 50-51ish winratio.   Honestly don't drop half-assed, generic statements and facts about statistics if you do not want to bring yourself to  actually  read all the charts.
1	It's interesting to think about.  I wish I could talk more on NA culture, especially in being sensitive, but it's so complex I have no idea how to draw a good conclusion.  I've spent several years in Germany and some time in SEA.  While my time abroad has taught me to appreciate the potential for significant differences between cultures, I've also realized how complex recognizing these differences can be, especially because it's a subjective topic.   For example, if I had to speculate over NA, I would say the following: Americans in a personal setting are usually more aggressive than Germans.  This stems from Americans generally being more confident, independent- rather than group-oriented, as well as being a culture that revolves around competition.  However, arrogance is seen really poorly in NA because deep down our competitive instincts hate hearing someone say they are better than they deserve.  We also love underdogs because it runs in line with the idea of being independent, the small guy fighting against tough odds.  And we strongly believe in reaping what you sow, that is if you mess up that you pay for it thoroughly, one of the reasons our prison rates are the highest in any developed country.   With all this combined, if DLift talks shit, will an American approve, seeing it as simply being confident and people who can't stand it have weak competitive instincts?  Will an American instead resent his attitude and view his behavior as a sign of arrogance, possibly considering it unwarranted boasting or putting down an underdog they respect?  And if DLift talks shit and fails, will Americans forgive easily and be quick to support him again, or will they be hard to forget his failure and seek to punish him even in future contexts where he's less offensive?   Which of these cases is symptomatic of being overly sensitive, or can each case be justified as long as you understand the perspective they're coming from?   There are contradicting patterns here which makes it hard to generalize in order to form a standard of expectation, and of course it's complicated by the fact that even being raised in the USA, it's impossible for my opinion of it's culture to be perfect in a general sense.  I guess
1	Based on a youtube comment made by Jurand ze Spychowa   >no, the bug is irelia Q, sometimes she appears on random position on the map after using it for a miliseconds (you can't actually see this in game), very rare bug, getting a kill like that is even more rare, also happens to lee, i have seen footage where lux threw her Q in midlane and got 1st blood on jungle lee at blue buff﻿   My theory is that Rito sets the very middle of the map as 0,0 in the axis of SR. When Champs like Lee and Irelia uses their Q to a target very close to them, there will be a millisecond that they teleport to 0,0. You can see from the video that Nid spear disappeared right in the middle of mid lane. Now you can guess what happened. Sorry for broken English
1	I've tried to be polite and don't ever flame u.ú   Some of my friends kept flaming their entire rankeds, other ones just kept feeding at all normal games they played...   At the end I got a slightly outdated skin (at the current SR) [Queen Ashe](   My flaming friend got another slightly outdated [Tundra Hunter Warwick](   Finally the feeding guy received [Firefighter Tristana](   I'm starting to think there's little point on flaming or not, as most of my toxic friends got a skin too, about the same tier as mine or better.
1	i love the summoner spell and item redux. Especially when used with the boot equip that further reduces the cooldown of flash. the biscuit is a little meh, but hey, its a free weak pot in essence. could be the difference between you getting pushed out of lane or you pushing your opponent out of lane. the 60 second ward at start is pretty sweet though, so it's worth taking the biscuit if only for that ward. honestly pickpocket is wonderful, but i can't see many solo laners going deep enough into utility to grab it. the one solo laner who i can think of that would go that deep into utility would be olaf, and even he i think would prefer the boosts from offense and defense. i think the fact that it requires 16 points will keep the majority of solo laners from abusing it. plus, at max its a bonus of 60 gold a minute, thats assuming you melee AA once every 5 seconds. That kind of agression will draw creep agro far too often, and will lead to a pushed lane and you taking way too much damage.
1	So your argument is that it helps early game better? First, you're forgetting that many ADs go bottom lane with a support, most of whom have a heal ability. Second, in the beginning of the game, your attack speed on any AD is so low that it would take a long time to life steal back from minions. Third, 90% of the time you should only be last-hitting minions, not auto-attacking, in order to control where the wave is in lane. Auto-attacking to life steal pushes the wave past river, making you susceptible to ganks. Only last-hitting keeps it even or lets the other side push, giving your jungler an easier gank opportunity.   Overall I just don't think it's worth it. Whether you're losing or winning your lane bottom, the flat AD would help either to last hit and farm or the armor pen for early harass before your opponents have built much armor. Your reasoning on excluding armor pen is my exact reason for excluding life steal runes. Buy a vamp scepter early instead; you don't need to build Bloodthirster first, but a vamp scepter should be one of your first items regardless. I typically don't buy last whisper until very late in the game unless the other team is filled with tanks.
0	I dont know man... first girl I ever messed around with in high school dint want to me to penetrate her (we were both virgins) but she asked me if it was ok for me to cum on her tits? so I did and after that she rubbed it all over her breasts like if it was lotion.   When we finally had sex a few months later... because we "didnt know any better" so we would try stuff that was in porn. She would, give me a hand job while she would drive her car, I would cum on in her mouth and she would swallow, we would 69 for like an hour. She loved being on top while i sucked her tits... and so on.   after we broke up, I thought everyone had sex like that so when I had sex my next few partners they were very boring and I had to teach them how to have fun sex. some did like that others did not. thankfully my fiance is like the first girl I ever been with but 2 steps above that.
1	It seem like you are jumping on the "gg duos always suck" train and the points you make don't really make sense to me. You said that duos tend to be difficult to bargain with, there are several things about this statement that i don't think are true. First of all I don't believe that "most" duos are difficult to deal with, It may seem like it to you because the duos who are cooperative don't announce themselves as duos and thus you go the whole game thinking they are just two normal non-toxic players. Secondly this "difficulty bargaining with duos" is usually because they tend to have first pick and last pick, so yeah they get first choice in which role they take just like any other player would if they so desire. Riot endorsed pick order and so there should be no problem with this. My third issue with your statement is the idea that people are playing roles they "aren't comfortable with". 'A' you shouldn't play ranked if expect to play 1 role every single game, there are always going to be players who have higher pick than you and decide that they want your role, but there is absolutely nothing you can do about that other than politely ask for the role you'd like. Adding to this point, although there is like a tiny bit higher chance that you wont get what you want with a duo, (because if they are uncooperative/want your role there is a 2/5 chance they are higher pick than you as opposed to 1/5) this is hardly a significant enough number to say that duos are a significant problem. Finally your issue with duos flaming seems rather inconsistent with my experiences, although i have definitely played with the type of duo you are describing here, i think that what i have experienced much more is the entire team flaming the duos from the min they make a single mistake making the claim "gg duos always suck" or something along those lines.       In saying all of this I also want to recognize that I have MANY times experienced the types of duos you are describing, my point is just that it's unfair to classify the majority of duos like this just because a small portion rage, flame, and make the game unbearable. If you disagree with any of the points PLEASE feel free to criticize. Hopefully this isn't overly harsh :)
1	He was an "ordinary prophet", so to say, who grabbed the interest of some Void entity that poked at the inside of Malzahar's brain until the original man was completely gone, and instead was just a manifestation of said Void entity's will.
0	Let's be honest here it is a smart play by both of them. The show ONLY works if all three of them are there. At the end the day, the cars are less important than their banter. Without the third man, the show loses most of the things that makes it special. It is like WWE during the attitude Era, you watched it for the characters NOT the wrestling.
1	My predictions for tonight's games:   Team Coast over Cognitive: Cog has shown a lot of improvement, specifically at PAX, but I think Coast is just a more experienced team.   Velocity over Infinite Odds: Same as above. IO has gone through some roster changes over the past few weeks, losing Otter to ggLA. Velocity has also undergone some changes, but I feel they are in a better position to win this one. Say what you will against Velocity and their performance in LCS, but they proved they are still better than a great deal of challenger teams after they 2-0'd Quantic.   Complexity over TBD: As the Leaguepedia article suggests, I think it's hard to argue against CoL as being one of the best Challenger teams right now. Although I'm still not sold on their bottom lane (especially against the highly regarded RobXLee), I think the recent roster changes will negatively impact TBD for this week, especially against a consistent team like CoL.   EDIT: OK, just announced that Arthelon re-signed to TBD. That should make this a bit closer, but still leaning toward CoL.   ggLA over Curse Academy: This is based more on the strength of ggLA's new lineup over anything else. I've been spectating ggLA a lot in their ranked 5 games and they have a lot of raw talent mixed with experience. I'm not even sure what Curse Academy's lineup is going into this event and whether they'll be making any changes alongside the main team's roster.
1	Yeah, but it can only tie accounts to computers, implying computers are tied to people. Which is hardly the case.   If I share my computer with my roommate, and he's toxic, I should not get banned. I should be innocent until they prove I'm my roommate, but with this kind of system, I would be banned and would have to go through the hassle of proving Riot I'm not him, and god knows when and if I'm going to be unbanned.   It also trusts that the computer is sending truthful information. For example, the server would ask the client what hardware the user has, and it can't tell that the client is telling the truth. A malicious user should be able to modify the client to send fake hardware information, avoiding cross-account bans. And worst of all, if the malicious user happens to get another user's hardware information, he could pretend to be the user and get him banned.
1	I've found that bruisers work pretty well, but if you really want dominance choose champions with hard CC. Lux's snare wins fights - if I play TT, I play Lux. And it works. Pantheon is bruiser-y enough and has a stun; he works really, really well. Anyone with damage and a hard CC can be very useful in TT.   And when hard CC isn't enough (i.e. Olaf, Singed, whatever) pack Exhaust/Ignite on every single one of your three players. That's stupid-strong. You don't need Flash as much when you can have all three enemy champions Exhausted, or choose the one who has damage and keep him Exhausted for like ten seconds.   Vision's obviously a problem. Someone already mentioned Teemo. Someone also mentioned Caitlyn. Both solid choices. They both have adequate-to-good CC, solid escapes, and a way to deal with bruisers or become one themselves, plus they provide vision that you lose to wards. So if you want an ADC, choose Cait. That works. It's hard, but it works. Teemo really works.   Lotsa folks are talking about how they did pretty well quite consistently with Darius or Jax. Well, yeah. It's Darius. He runs over people in any game mode. A Darius who can 1v4 and come out with 1-2 kills is not uncommon. So you put him in a map with only three champions, and... yeah. But there are ways to deal with it. Jax operates under the same basic principles. Ninja-edit: I mean Exhaust. Exhaust is really, really good on TT.
0	sigh  you're right.  I obviously would suggest things like disclaimer saying "are you having legal issues? Then get a lawyer!  this is not a law office, it's the internet!", probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "do not ask questions about a legal problem you are having, if that is the case, find a lawyer.  This subreddit is for discussing legalities in an academic sense."   regarding identity, I've yet to find a solution to that with  anything  that is online.  Obviously it would require people to generally try to be honest, work based on reputation, and generally be good rather than dishonest.   But, as I said, you're right, it would be something of a nightmare to manage.   Goodness knows the discussion of the legal precedent and the relevance of the cultural moral climates at the time when those precedents arose and the current climes is part of what interests me most about the subject.  Threads would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
0	I don't dislike memes so i'm still on AdviceAnimals.  I just don't get the hype of seeing other people see the characters in real life.  I like it when I see all the posts about people seeing Bill Nye because I would love to see him myself and it's cool to think he's out there in the public eye still.  When I see a post about OAG or BLB being seen publicly I just feel kind of like "okay, they're just people."  They aren't known for their anything they did and they don't really have any out of the ordinary talents that I am aware of beyond a normal person you would meet so idk why people get excited for other people to see them.
1	I main thresh to plat. Havent played him recently. What you wrote down is interesting and mostly correct. But i think you are missing one important factor; every game isnt the same. For example, i will take spellthiefs in some occasions when playing against a morgana to take down her shield quicker (EXTREMELY SITUATIONAL). Also try getting into the habit of chainging your masteries every game to suit different aims and objectives of you teamcomp and the enemies. E.G would you prefer to run CDR thresh with 5% CD runes and mast or would you prefer to run tank thresh..?
1	Lift Lift, I'm a huge fan, but you have to realize that you are a playing a team game. Also, the best players raise the level of play of their teammates. Your team spends an awful lot of time making you look good, but how often do you think of ways to get them carrying? Scarra is pretty goddamn important to dig, but he doesn't require nearly the amount of help as you to carry.
0	My friend and I were out a bar and were talking to these two cute girls.  They ended up inviting us back to a post-bar party.  The girl I was talking to seemed interested, but then her controlling ex-BF shows up.  Fortunately, on the way to the bathroom, her friend comes up to me and hands me the number of the girl I was talking to.  I go to text her a few days later to hang out, and I get an automated return text saying the number was invalid.  I got bummed, but then checked the piece of paper again, and realized the friend put dashes across the sevens.  I had accidentally entered one of the sevens as a one because the top line of the seven was faded. Texted her again and got a date.
1	You know logic, right? If I was to troll, or to play very badly, or to leave every second game etc. I am going to end up in lower elo. Correct? That means: the lower you get, the higher your chances are of having a game with those kind of people. At the same time, there is a good chance of having those sort of people on the enemy team. But you have a great chance of having a streak of horrible games as portrayed by OP. Furthermore, some games are impossible to carry, even if you play like a fucking god. That is what I consider Elohell. And it is very much real. Now naturally, you have those kind of players everywhere, just not as often (which is pure logic). That is true and if you don't agree, please explain in a logical and argumentative way, why you think it is false.
1	Getting a reset on the (R) when cocooning a target would be a good start. After playing a ton of Nidalee this season after playing Elise all Season 4, playing Elise now just feels clunky, and a cooldown reset would be nice.   Giving her enhanced damage on cocooned targets is an interesting idea, but could cause a lot of problems. She is already a great early game duelist post level 3, and shredding armor/mr or increasing damage after hitting cocoon might make her impossible to duel against early, granted that she lands cocoon.   The main problem I see is that after Riot removed Ancient Golem there has yet to be an optimal build path for Elise. Getting Ancient Golem, Haunting Guise and Sorc Boots gave you a clearly defined mid-game power spike where you had good damage, some tankiness, mobility and tenacity from Ancient Golem. Build paths on Elise post Golem are just awkward. Quill Coat wasn't good because she needed the sustain from Spirit Stone, Spectral Wraith forced you to farm the jungle to power it up instead of impacting the map when you were strong, and the Magus enchant leaves you so squishy you're afraid to go in. Cinderhulk is probably the best item for her since Ancient Golem, but that's because the item itself is just broken.
0	But can you be certain the "fucktard" wasn't ordered to do that? I have worked a security job, and the shit that you are required to do is often A) not something that will prevent anything that might happen from happening and B) what you are ordered to do from the dumb shit manager trying to get the fuck out of security by trying to plug holes that don't fucking exist.   Seriously, in all likelihood the 'fucktard' was just a guy, and his completely disconnected from reality 55 or older boss told him that umbrella guns are something he needs to be on the watch for. In such a scenario, the old man that is desperately trying to GTFO of security can use the lack of umbrella gun murders on his sheet as a successful security job that he commanded.   The 'fucktard' in all likelihood doesn't give a shit about his meaningless job requisite of getting umbrellas out of the hands of the thousands of meaningless faces that entered the gate that day, because he is just doing what is boss told him to do. Security jobs do not reward logical problem assessment, they reward lack of shit happening on your shift. If the only good situation you can experience is a lack of shit happening, your job requires being an annoying prat that plugs holes that don't exist.
0	The two aren't really mutually exclusive. Raping and murdering  are  bad choices, so I'm not really sure your point was, unless it was to minimize the crimes that people committed to land themselves in prison by calling them "bad choices."   You would have a point if you mentioned that a large percentage of prisoners are there for nonviolent, usually drug related, crimes, or that even through someone commits a crime, no matter how awful, he is still human and has fundamental rights that would make this highly unethical.   But thank you for turning an ethical issue that basically everyone agrees on and turning it into a political thing.
0	It'd worked for me. I had to decide if I wanted to break up with my past So, who wasn't living with me. It happened in the middle of the night, I woke up and immediately was able to put the pieces together.   I have never been able to replicate it in anything that important again but I do take showers to help me go through a tough decision and it works well!
0	Oh I've got a story like this. I was 16 years old, a week before had literally just got the first birthday gift my dad have ever given me in that 16 years. I was out at McDonalds with some some friends, a guy, his and my lady friend and her younger sister. We decided to head back after having something to eat, and get some sleep so we could go to a convention the next day (which is what the gift, $100 was for). During our stay in the Restaurant, a guy came into the bathroom, someone who I'd thought that my friend had mentioned was a friend of his. So in the bathroom I just said a casual hello, gave some banter back and forth, and thought nothing of it really.   We'd decided to leave, and about halfway to our lady friend's house I hear a, "Yo, yo, Hey yo!" from behind me. Now its fair to note that my buddy had stayed back at McDonalds and was going to catch up with us later, so it was myself and two young girls, we were all 14, 15, and myself 16, so I decided, having been under the impression that they were a friend of a friend to go back and see what they needed, but asked the girls to keep on moving. As soon as I went up to them and asked if they needed something, the ring leader, the guy I'd met in the bathroom gave me a right hook right to the nose, and then all his other friends, about 7 in total punched me from the back, and the sides, kicked my legs. I'd dropped to a knee, was really caught off guard, and they pushed me down on my back and started kicking me, over and over again, and reached into my pocket, and pulled out the money I'd got as a birthday gift. And they ran away. I couldn't follow because they'd run to a bus stop, I'm assuming because it had Camera's, and it would look, in the Camera's POV that I'd instigated the fight, so I tried to shrug it off, and went home and called the police. They never showed up.   So the next day, I went into the Convention with a black eye, a fat lip, and a crooked nose. The following day I went to the police and filled out a report.   After summer break was over, I found out that this guy was in the same School as myself. And he'd waited for me, everyday after school. It wouldn't have been a problem, save for that I'd been warned by someone who knew both of us, that he'd been waiting to stab me. I talked to the police officer in the school to try and expedite the process, and to tell him that I didn't feel safe, even attempted to change my bus route home. But he was waiting for me, every day, after school, with all of his friends. It made me so angry, that someone had this much control, and that without endangering my life and well being, I had to let it go on.   So I fled the city. Moved. None of my friends know why this is, but this is the reason. I literally had to leave everything behind.   Fast forward a little bit, and apparently he'd been brought out, into the middle of nowhere, stripped naked, and forced to walk back into the City in the middle of Winter. He'd made it, but died of hypothermia on someone's front lawn.   How did I feel? Absolutely elated. Here was someone who had not only caused me pain, he'd put a kid in hospital after stomping on his skull when the kid threatened to call the police after they stole his ipod, had pistol whipped, yes with a gun, someone in broad daylight in front of a mall. And now, he was dead. He died with no hope, naked, in the winter, and no one gave a shit. And as far as I'm concerned, he's buried where he belongs, six feet under.
0	Who the living hell wants two emotionally-manipulative bitches with mother status? One is already too many. I cause babies. I am the ghost of Christmas future.
0	My husband and I were pregnant (not married at the time) when we were 18.  He finished college and I graduate today.  He is also a computer scientist.  When I asked him if it was his post he replied "nope, I make 94k a year" What an adorable asshole.
0	I rarely check my account and I generally don't dialog on reddit, but this is an interesting question and I am unusually qualified to answer it.  Sorry it took so long for me to realize that this question was posed.   I am not going to answer your specific question because it is too specific.  Instead, I'm going to answer the real question: at what level of math do students stop acquiring skills to enhance their ability to become a good programmer/system supporter.   I would say that I would not trust someone with less than precalculus level logical skills to be an adequate coder.   I teach students coding and math skills from 9th through 12th grade.  I can say with confidence that even the more gifted 9th graders do not have adequate logic and abstraction skills to support a semi-complex computer system.  If you ever could sit in on my basic spread sheet course with 9th graders, you would quickly learn that you would not trust ANY of them with even a basic computer program yet -- and some of them do go on to become programmers.   7th grade is underestimating the levels of abstraction and logic required to be an adequate system support person -- and further misunderstanding the education build up to achieve those levels of logical and abstract thinking.  I see it every day in the students I teach.
0	If you actually said the words, "No strings attached" then you're Scumbag Steve.   If you explained it to her with sympathy and maybe even compassion and "no strings attached" is the
1	I see a rise in a lot of forgotten supports. Leona actually got slightly nerfed because of the lack of passive health regen. Basically if she wants to be super aggressive she needs relic which means that she cannot pick up talisman.  Thresh got buffed because the man issue I feel with him and blitz are mana costs which have remained unaffected. Coin start is actually even more viable, although I personally recommend ruby crystal start.   With the nerf to mobis, I see a micro buff to sona, Janna, and lulu as supports.   Sona gets buffed for sure because of the affordability of ruby crystal. What is sona's biggest weakness? Low base health. What is now affordable? Health item. Also her e aura is basically more valuable.   The same is true for Janna, who now offers crazy movement speed from passive for team fights. In addition, because of the tank and engage meta, monsoon might be just what we are looking for.   Lulu will probably get nerfed to shit soon.   Nami steps into a more viable role because of her move speed bonus.   I think sustain supports might see more play because of the lack of worth passive regen. Shield isn't worth a buy. Coin has no passive regen except for the 5 health per minion death.
0	You can say what you like. People aren't obligated to like it. In fact they can shout and vote it down, but it's still there. This is as "open minded" as any large scale discussion can be.   It's very strange how many people think the world owes them approval of their opinions. I'm not saying it wouldn't be nicer if discussion here was more rational and polite, and I think it would be great if people didn't downvote unpopular but well presented opinions, but this is the way the world is, and likely will always be. Try not to take it personally. Keep politely speaking your best understanding of the truth, and  more importantly  listen to those who you think are being close minded. Consider their points. You may end up deciding they are wrong, and you can downvote them, and maybe you're right. Or maybe you're just being closed minded.
1	It's removing things for everyone because  some  people are jerks. It would be like universally disabling chat for everyone because some people can't stop raging.   I don't usually bother scouting people, but if you ever look at high Elo streams it's important and useful to know who you're with. "Do you want ADC Lcoo?"  "Nah qt I'll let gosu have it" obviously it doesn't work like that at all levels of play but that's life.   When you obfuscate everything to prevent abuse you are just introducing new abuses. Now Summoner 3 is insisting he's really X and he has so many games with Y and a 87% win rate and you have no way of verifying. It hinders the cooperation and compromise of people who are trying to do things the right way.
1	I think people play Ezreal because of the way he "feels" to play with. Yes! I got a quadra with my ulti from across the map! Yes! I sniped that bitch in the brushes with my Q for first blood! Yes! Totally just combo'd the fawk outta that Karthus before he could do anything to me! Etc etc. I think he's good because he does his job VERY well in the right situations, and a good Ezreal is more valuable than a good Graves, or a good Caitlyn. His spells have virtually no animation lag, no channel time, and he runs smoothly, in general. Plus, abusing his W late game is just as effective as GP's Raise Morale in when pushing turrets.
0	That's because none of the arguments you've made actually include examples of awareness-raising accomplishing something.   In the first one here, you're just describing the planning stages of voting or not voting for certain people based on an issue.  The planning and discussing part is not what makes this effective.  The action that follows it is.  An easy way to tell is that such a campaign would be pointless in the absence of a democratic government- Stalin was very  aware  of dissenters with fully thought-out and practical economic ideas in the USSR, and that didn't exactly inform his policies on anything but the prison system   In the second one, you're describing an appeal for funds to perform an action (political lobbying, medical research, doesn't matter, it all takes cash). Simply letting people know that a problem exists and there are people who have ideas about solving, that is to say, an awareness campaign, simply would not constitute what you're talking about.   Invisible Children is an awareness campaign, which is why they have accomplished exactly nothing in regards to the issue of child soldiers and, indeed, do not even operate in areas where that problem still exists.
0	Usually check engine lights aren't that bad. When its solid it usually means that something isn't running properly; usually a sensor or something relatively inexpensive. When your check engine light is flashing, that's usually when something big has fucked up and you're in for a larger repair bill.
0	When you're young, people always say things like "you can pick your friends, but not your family." The older I get the more I realize that's bullshit. I had an Aunt that got my mom to change the beneficiaries on her life insurance when my mom was dying in the hospital from scleroderma. My mom was on all sorts of meds and didn't really know what she was doing, and my aunt somehow convinced her that my 30 year old sister and myself (28) were not responsible enough and that she would distribute the money to us. My sister has two degrees and I've been working my ass off since high school and run my own flooring company, so that was bullshit. Anyway, as soon as my mom die.d and my aunt got the money she cut off all contact with us and we haven't seen a dime of it two years later.
0	For me as an American, I can watch NFL on TV and enjoy it, but I can't do that with soccer and baseball, and I honestly don't know why. That being said, I DO like going to the local farm team baseball games (like one step before Major League). I imagine that for a lot of people actually being at a game makes it much more interesting.
1	Just recently I was in a game that had a duo in it. During pick phase, one guy decided he didn't want me to go Blue Ez mid and had his friend ban it out.   Didn't really have any non-adc champs that I felt comfortable with so ended up picking TF and getting torn apart. We lost what turned out to be a v. close game. If I'd have had Ez, I can guarantee we would've won that.
0	I'm quite anti-abortion and I don't even understand why people are against birth control. It's a ridiculous religious belief (as if there's many religious beliefs that aren't ridiculous, but I digress).   With that said, I don't think that we should be forcing people to provide contraception if they have a moral objection to it. At that point the only people forcing their beliefs on to others are the people who would force business owners to provide birth control. The difference is, the employees have many alternative choices; find another healthcare provider, find another job, find your nearest pharmacy to get reasonably priced birth control, go to Planned Parenthood to get free birth control, and so on and so on.
1	She is intended as an AP assassin, yet her kit is outclasses by champions similar to her (Katarina and especially Akali).   Her laning phase is slightly stronger than her competition, but her level 6 power spike is much less substantial than when Akali or Katarina gain access to their ultimates.   Her kit and the items available to her also complicate where exactly she fits best in the current meta. She would lose against the classic top lane bruisers since being AP implies an item reliance that takes time and farm to acquire, so Jax, Shyv, Renekton and Co. would wipe the floor with her laning phase. Her jungle build path is still indeterminate, since SotSW frankly sucks to much to ever consider and Feral Flare, while granting Attack Speed that would improve her farming capabilities, gives her no stats with which to scale off of. Plus, Vi, Xin Xhao, Master Yi, Nocturne, they would absolutely wreck her in the early game. Mid Lane would see her getting out poked by Lulu, Karma, Orianna and Syndra, all-in'ed by LeBlanc, or out traded by her superior assassin clones (Katarina/Akali).   She needs to be tank to survive in team fights, but she also needs to be able to deal damage to have any real impact in them. Champions in her position typically have built 1-2 big ticket items by the time teamfighting rolls around, so what do you build? Zhonya's for the invuln? RoA for the late game stats? Abyssal for the 1v1 potential? Lich Bane for burst? DFG for making picks? There are too many things Diana needs to be effective, and the game should be over by the time she is able to get even most of them.   Finally, she is too high skillcap for too little a reward. You need to land your moonlight debuff on your intended target before you can hope of burning them down. Why go through the hassle when Akali allows you to jump to any target you want 3 times with no prerequisite? Or Katarina's Shunpo resets on Kill/Assist and can target allies as well? And both of these champions have a higher damage output than Diana currently does (I say it that way because, on release, Diana's damage was very impressive. I actually enjoyed her time in the spotlight, but Riot Olaf'd her and she hasn't recovered).
1	Jonas has his own life to contend with, hwy is everyone making a fucking drama out of nothing. Jonas came in and helped them get their life in order, the benefits of which was made quite clear, he said he hasnt got much more to add, and since he makes no income, his only choice is to move on with his own life.
1	I find that much of the time with Ezreal, if they are running away after a battle and I can't catch them, my trueshot will be powerful enough to kill them.  There aren't many times where it fails by a margin that AP would give.   As far as support and heal go, the Flux only does considerable damage later in the game, and while AP will increase its damage and heal (although heal got nerfed), the support effect (increased ally attack speed/decreased enemy attack speed) remains constant.   I seldom use Arcane Shift as a damaging ability (the teleport is very useful), but I tend to spam Mystic Shot the most, which uses AD.  Combining AD with lifesteal (Mystic Shot restores hp with lifesteal), Ezreal's passive, which grants a ton of attack speed, is activated after bursting the enemy with trueshot (usually hits many targets), hitting them with Essence Flux (slows attacks and makes it hard to defend) and then using mystic shot/attacking to do the most damage.  You are constantly restoring health, and if they try to escape, you can teleport/snipe them with mystic shot.   I use ignite/exhaust as summoner spells.  The exhaust is really good for kills if an enemy physical dps (like ashe) stuns you.  You just teleport to them (so they are within point blank range), and kill them.
0	Of course I read exactly what you said, they were hardly a set of ambiguous statements.   You stated that two party systems were an 'unavoidable consequence' of first past the post.  Whilst I don't disagree that evidence hints that such systems tend to lead to two party systems, it is a huge leap to 'unavoidable consequence', and demonstrably false (as seen in the UK - from which the U.S. inherits first past the post).  Indeed there have historically been two dominant parties in the UK to parliamentary system; though which two parties has evolved and changed more frequently than in the States.   I was at the leaders debates, I am very aware of how the UK and US systems work - and, more importantly, how they differ.  They are both first pass the post systems though. There are many reasons that might explain why the U.S. has ended up so strongly suppressing non-mainstream parties, and directly electing President may be one of those reasons - though the way parties are funded is possibly a stronger factor.
0	I read a study that said that when men cheat it is for the sexual thrill but when women cheat it is because of they have emotionally disconnected. So, basically it is harder to continue a relationship if a women cheats because she did it for emotional reasons whereas a man saw a nice pair of tits and his ween got the best of him. Not saying that is true all of the time but as a female I think there may some truth to the emotional aspect and moving on in the relationship.
0	That's really awesome!   I was in therapy at age 7 and was able to walk away from my mom at 12; I'm still working to separate from my equally abusive father and his wife who both raised me after my mom. My dad is "ok" on his own, but seriously enables and supports his narcissistic wife.
0	Stuck my dick in crazy... She bashed her head against concrete wall upon ending relationship. Stuck dick in another crazy... She had the be threatened with police intervention for her repeated visits to my place of work. Stuck my dick in a third crazy... She backed her mother's Jaguar into the side of my truck.
0	Exactly! I acted socially awkward all my life and wanted to change that. Then I learned to not give a fuck and it actually helped. I got plenty of friends, including female ones, when I just stopped caring. I still act pretty awkward, but then I always think to myself: I will probably never meet 99% of these people again for the rest of my life.   For example, when I accidentally hold the door open for someone who is actually way too far away. I realized, I will never meet that person again and he will forget this ever happened in 2 minutes. I proceed to hold the door open for him, smiling my face off. This has actually gained me a couple of smiles from girls.   Or when a waitress tells me to enjoy my meal and I say "you too". I just break out laughing and proceed to not give a damn.
1	Armor gives a safer jungle, and with a LOT of physical carries having physical damage spells that don't count as auto attacks (IE, they don't have to rely on auto attacks to do ridiculous DPS) you're better off with armor. If you do want dodge, the 12-14% from tabi+mastery will benefit you just about as much as 21% will.   And technically, every point of armor increases your effective HP v physical damage by 1%. There is no "diminishing return", although there is a point where you want to itemize other stats such as HP.
0	Solution: Stop being a nice guy.   I was well brought up. I have a great relationship with my mother. I'm friends with a lot of my exes. I'm polite and respectful, and a lot of that pickup artist 'negging' bullshit really makes me sick. I'm nothing if not well mannered and at least relatively thoughtful.   But when you ask me to describe myself in terms of characteristics a woman would find attractive, 'nice' doesn't even register. I'd talk about how I'm funny, or how I make eye contact when I talk, or how I speak to girls on dates the way I speak to my friends rather than the way I speak to a stranger I'm trying to fuck. I'd talk about how I have a cool job in a creative industry that I'm proud of, and how I'm actively pursuing my goals on a daily basis.   Not that I'm nice. Jesus fucking Christ, if the most interesting thing about you is the fact that you're fucking  nice  no wonder women aren't interested! I guarantee you there's something more marketable about you than the fact that you say 'please' and 'thank you' and hold doors open.   Forgive me if I borrow a page from Chris Rock, but why the fuck do 'nice guys' expect to be rewarded for  shit they're supposed to do !?   Oh, you don't treat others like absolute shit? Great, you're doing the thing that HUMAN SOCIETY EXPECTS YOU TO DO. Making yourself out to be some kind of martyr because you don't behave like garbage is like me whining that nobody rewards me for driving on the right-hand side of the road instead of crossing the yellow line and careening into traffic.   Women don't go out with shitty guys because they're shitty,  they go out with shitty guys because they're exciting and interesting . Guys who seem cold or distant or are inconsistent with their affections are more interesting than a guy who simply worships the ground they walk on. Ask yourself - if you met a girl who defined herself solely by the fact that she was nice and spent the bulk of every interaction avoiding any actions, jokes, or conversation topics that might be offensive or upset your delicate sensibilities, how much time would you want to spend around her?   You don't have to be an asshole to get a woman to like you. You just have to be  interesting . If you're fun to be around - not just  safe  to be around - you're bound to have more luck. You don't have to be an asshole. You can be completely polite and respectful while still putting forth a persona that others - women, men, or whoever - find interesting and want to spend more time around.   Maybe I misspoke. Don't  stop  being nice. Keep being nice. Just stop  defining  yourself by your niceness.
0	Seen so many situations, many of them due to poor choices. If people would spent more honest time in each others company talking to each other, before committing themselves as a couple, there would be less single parents in this world.   If you're in a relationship and you aren't sure if it will stand the test of time, raise serious future looking questions regarding marriage and children.  Don't clobber the other person over the head with your demands for answers, but raise the question with the intention of hearing their side regarding topics that couples don't normally talk about (until it's too late). If you can actually discuss it rationally for minutes to hours on end, you may be in luck. If you cannot hold a conversation regarding a serious topic that involves two people (not a one sided conversation about what you two will do) then you have a problem.   Note, I kept my post gender free.   You need to know you can work with a person before committing to a life responsible for lives. It saddens me anytime I think of children who are brought into the world, doomed to lack basic pieces of life, such a mother or father; but it frustrates and angers me when I realize they lack these basics due to a persons selfishness.
1	Ehm...I don't know to put this.I had a 6 month expirience to League and I got placed to Silver IV.I had to drop lol for a month for the crap I was getting in ranked (And normals),and go over a 700 normal games to be able to singehandedly carry my self to Gold.I play in EUNE.   This may sound harsh or hard on you,but sincerely,I dispute the 89% of the Silver/Bronze community just because they are just a bunch of spoiled brats who are way too fed up to look on their own mistakes and are always looking for mistakes on others to blame their own failure. The rest of 1% can have my advice,my insight or whatever I have to offer to make them better and get them out of there. But sincerely,as a former silver player that spent a lot of time in there,I just hope you rot in there cause you DESERVE to be there,and I have the freaking right to look down on you as much as I want cause,yes in my eyes,you are trash. Some people actually spend time and resources to improve.While all you do is ramble how your teams suck and OTHERS are trash.
1	The need for a 6th guy with some sense in how to talk to people is apparent. The way these guys are formulating criticism is horrible! They are always pointing each others mistakes out and naturally the other one gets defensive from that. Everyone who had some education in that field can tell you that this is a horrible thing to do.   I don't even want to jump to conclusions and blame single persons on the team because we have way too little evidence but they definitely need someone who is not a part of the players to talk to and mediate.   On a side note: Kelby doesn't help cause business guy, Mattcom doesn't help cause artist, and don't even think about Hotshot because allthough he acknowledged the problem in interperson relationships in the following Q&A he also is not the best at looking at stuff calmly and formulating helpful criticism.
1	More versatile = stronger   FYI Dota 2 people (like myself) tend to think like this because in Dota 2, characters weaknesses and strengths are far more prevalent, and heroes can get really screwed over by other heroes particular abilities.   League champs are more homogeneous so there is less disadvantage from not having a versatile champion pool to pick from.  Versatility still has merit though.
1	There's a problem with that however.   PVP.net client is quite a resource hog unfortunately. That means that you will be loading into the game about half as fast as you normally would. If you have a slower computer, especially a single core CPU machine, then loading will get unbearably slow, even down to a point where the game client will crash to desktop. In that case you'll have to restart the game and reconnect while your team starts the game off 4v5.   Just something to keep in mind.
1	Korea uses a circuit point system to determine who goes to worlds; the top two teams in circuit points at the end of the Summer season will automatically get the first two spots in worlds. The third through sixth-place teams in points then play a regionals gauntlet to determine who gets the third Worlds spot (sixth place plays fifth place, winner then plays fourth, then the winner of that plays third).   Before the Summer season, T1 K had 450 points, tied for first with Samsung Blue, with Samsung White in third at 375 points. At most, T1 K can get 75 circuit points from winning NLB Summer; Samsung White, on the other hand, can get 150 points just from placing third in OGN Champions Summer.   At this point, aside from the Jin Air Stealths causing a major upset over Blue, T1 K can only get the second-place seed  IF  Samsung White gets 4th in Champions while T1 K reaches NLB finals (White would have 475 points vs SKT K having 510-525 in this case).   If White gets 3rd in Champions (which is 150 points), T1 K  must  win NLB just to force a presumable tiebreaker for the second-place spot (both teams would reach 525 points in that scenario). However, imo even if T1 K gets the tiebreaker, they will just lose again to White since White has had their number all througout Spring up to now, and they're definitely the stronger-looking team atm; so yes in all honesty I think T1 K is going to get third-place in circuit points for sure.   Regardless of T1 K's performance in NLB however, they are guaranteed to get at least third in the circuit points. NJWS (the current fourth place) has no chance to get enough points to make up the 125 point gap between them and T1 K.
0	I used to work at a bowling alley that hosted kids birthday parties. Most went through fine with every guest showing up and kids getting high on sugar.   But this one time, we had a booking for about 20+ kids, and it way mine to organise. The birthday child and her brother showed up nice and early and I did my bit to make them feel welcome. 20 minutes later, well past the start time there were no other guests. You could see the child was very dissapointed and so we cancelled the party for them and just gave them some really cheap games of bowling to make up for it.   It was really sad seeing a child come in ecstatic about meeting all their friends and then simply noone showing up. But noone was more upset than my manager, who when told it was cancelled said "Well, that's £200 less in the safe then isn't it..."
1	Since it distinguishes caps, numbers and around 10 symbols, that's 72 different characters.   The possibilities for a stupidly 'low security' 3 characters password is 72^3 = 373248   Assuming it takes around 5 seconds to test a password since it takes time for the server to respond and display that you failed and you have to click on 'ok' and then click once again on the password bar, that's 373248x5=1866240 seconds   There's 60x60x24 = 86400 seconds in a day   There you go 1866240/86400 = 21.6 days to try and brute force it.   Now, since it's an exponential growth, 4 characters is already 1555.2 days !!!   I let you imagine with a regular password !
0	It's also important to remember that silence isn't as much of a killer as it seems to be. Just relax and don't feel pressured and even introverted people will find other introverted people they're interested in. My best relationships were had because I walked up to the girl, said hi, and then continued to drink my [insert social drink here] only making slight idle comments as time passed by. They would tell me later that, while it was awkward at first, the casual persistence made them feel more comfortable. It will, admittedly, work less often than being charismatic, but that is pretty much why they call it charisma. Also, I am, in no way, good looking. I'm 6' and 260 pounds with very little muscle mass. I'm just pretty laid back and some girls like that. That and I don't take it personal when the other hundred girls I approach don't and walk off thinking I'm "boring."
1	Too late I hopped on it;
1	As someone who is 4.6k MMR in Dota 2(havent played much since the MMR system was introduced) I started playing League to get a little break from Dota and see what can I do with my 3k+ hour Dota 2 and countless hours of DotA knowledge.   At the start it seemed very nice, much more systematic than the "chaos" which is in lower level Dota 2 pubs. But after I got to plat 2 it just got freaking boring(League). You did the same things. By this I think I learned the basic things. Now you do the same shit and you try to optimize it. Luckily I play (IMO) the most dinamic role, the jungle. If I play anything else I get freaking bored.   For people who arent hard core League is maybe the perfect MOBA. For people who want to learn the intricacies of a game and dvelve into mechanics/strategies/tactics Dota 2 is the game to go. I'm not claiming that at the higher level you dont find strategies/mechanics/etc. in League, but for that you need ranked 5's mostly and you need to grind your basic mechanics(better skillshot usage/flash, etc), while in Dota 2 you can have the worst mechanics, you can still be a top player if you are smart
1	Lol, why was the Bill of Rights even mentioned? Let me take a stab, you claimed you had some kind of "First Amendment" right to say whatever you wanted in a video game?   The statement "The Bill of Rights doesn't apply to the internet" is technically true. I mean, if you are in China are you going to complain that your First Amendment rights are being violated even though China doesn't even have a First Amendment?   As an American citizen it does apply to the internet in certain limited circumstances, it  does not  apply to League of Legends. The game is run by a private entity and as such they can,  generally  dictate what rules apply.   Kind of like how your parents can ground you for cussing in the house, you're not going to be running to a lawyer to sue them for unconstitutional restriction of your First Amendment rights.
1	because like 1% of the players get boosted.   You'll be surprised how many players in the league community get boosted. Not just by buying boost online, but from personal connections as well.   Another thing is, players in 3v3 or 5v5 who get diamond for example work with a team and it doesn't show their individual skills. In solo Q, this is much harder to achieve because of the random teammates and you have to have individual skills inorder to get to diamond. It's not fair for those in Solo Q who reach diamond with random people and they SOLO'D their way to have the same rewards as those who works with 4 other people that they know and communicate with so well that got diamond.
1	This doesn't need fixing.   Bot has a disadvantage and top has an advantage. Nobody loses a lane  purely  due to golems. If you die at level 1 when your opponent hits 2 you should have been aware (check their hp at start of lane) and have been more careful.   You can also invade to stop them doing golems. The potential for different plays is much better than just removing them.
1	The one thing i HATE the most about all of season 3 is that while Riot did try to buff the adc pool, they went to far and have done nothing to fix it. Quinn was a nice attempt at something different but either you love her(me) or you think she's shit. 6 and a half months later they release lucian, weak at the time cuz mana issues. Then sivir rework made her viable again. Corki got buffed before worlds and nerfed after. Jinx RUINED the adc metagame. With her release we went from Ashe Caitlyn Corki Ezreal Graves Kog'maw(sometimes) Miss Fortune(sometimes) Tristana Varus Vayne, to Jinx Lucian Sivir all the time with a random Caitlyn now and then.
0	Its funny how much culture informs how 'intimate' something is.  I have been in communities where a hug is the most basic form of decency as normal and important as "hello" "please" and "thank you". I have been in communities where a high five or a hand shake is "a little forward don't you think".  I have been in places where men hold hands as a sign of friendship and men and women never touch except in the most intimate of moments.   There are places in the world where PDA is a punishable offense, and places where it is expected if you are to show you are a couple.
0	The thing about it is people often confuse chivalry with politeness. There is no reason not to be polite to people, but in todays society people are becoming more detached, not caring about interactions with other people. Chivalry is based on a patriarchal system that inherently gives men the privilege of thinking women are weaker and insubordinate and thus must be  coaxed and coddled. Today, we realize that women are equal and such behavior isnt necessary. Again, no reason not to be polite to people; and to use the example ITT opening doors for people, thats completely fine as long as you open doors for everyone and not under the pretense that women need doors opened for them because of a distorted social system established hundreds of years ago.   Heres another example. All these post discuss everyday, nice, chivalrous scenarios. The posters take it a step further to talk about how "feminist" overreact to these actions as an egregious affront to their rights when the men are simply committing acts of kindness, right?   It is a function of male privilege to think this way. By equating these scenarios to rape and other things, it actually reinforces the ridiculousness of chivalry.
1	If people feel entitled to compensation then it's because Riot has facilitated that. They have given users compensation in the past (in fact, just recently we all got a 10 win IP bonus for some technical issues) so now the player base is expecting something anytime they have technical issues.   Now to many people it just seems like they arbitrarily decide when to provide compensation and when not to. Since this has been the longest period of service degradation we've experienced in a while, many people assume Riot will do something that they've done many times in the past: compensate the player base.
0	As a P plater some of these comments frustrate me. "0mG people driving 5km under the speed limit in the left hand lane what a f@ck wit". So i've had my licence for going on 12 months now, and i don't consider myself a bad driver but i'm not blind to the truth and know i'm no Mark Skaife or Craig Lowndes and still have plenty of improving to do. And so i'll often sit in the left hand or middle lane a few km's under the limit to make sure i don't cop a fine and lose my ticket (because i'm told that with a P plate on police will pay special attention to me) and constantly people just get up my rear instead of overtaking me and when/if they do decide to overtake me they will most likely flip me off or give me a greasey look as they fly by 20km over the limit, i really don't understand how people are that impatient on the road to the point that they get annoyed at other drivers for not being idiots. Its like, do you not value your licence at all?
0	Here's the difference:   Black people had their culture forcibly removed from them.  Nobody cares when there is a Greek Festival, or a Saint Patrick's Day celebration, or an Italian Fair.  Black people can't do that.  They don't know if their ancestors were from Mali, or Burkina Faso, or Senegal, or Ivory Coast.  The only cultural identification they have is "Black" because everything else was taken away from them by their captors when they were forced to speak English, had their families split up, and religious practices replaced with Jesus.   Again, nobody gives a shit if you talk about the "First Norwegian Astrophysicist."  The same should apply to the first Black astrophysicist.   However, saying the same thing about the "White Race" is inherently different.  It's different because culturally, Danish people have very little in common with Serbians.  Basically, the only shared traits are superficial physical characteristics, and the use of "white" in this case is specifically meant to be exclusive.  Being "proud of being white" is not the same as being proud of the cultural achievements of, eg., the Dutch.  It's just kind of like saying, "I'm sure glad I'm not a darkie."
1	You must be one of those guys that can only identify guns as AK-47's and M4's. I am sorry to break this to you but that is definitely not an OBVIOUS interpretation, the only thing that even reminds of the AK. T "Resistance Caitlyn skin looks similar to Natasha Volkova, a soviet commando from the Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 video game". Second being that AK-47 does not wear a scope and that there are many other things you could sample instead of just the AK-47 which the artist probably did. He probably sampled Soviet weapons like the SVT the AVS-36 and Dragunov  he was probably inspired by the AK a little for the magazine and the body of the gun itself there are other guns that resemble it way more.
0	I remember a time where I had to have my mom drive me to community college (it was on her way to work) when one day, on my birthday, I got the note on the door for my only class that day. Problem was that someone had opened the door and blocked the view of the note so, for 30 minutes, everyone sat down and waited for the teacher to show up before someone noticed the sign. Here is the kicker, I had given my brother my cell phone that day to use (he lost his) so I couldn't even call my mom to pick me up sooner. I had to wait 3 hours until she showed up.
0	I've had this happen the second I changed my tinder pictures from clothed to hanging out on the beach without a shirt. From 5-6 matches in 2 weeks (I only right-swipe cute/hot.) To 5-6 matches a day.   Not acting on any of them because I have an amazing girlfriend but it's odd to see girls lusting after muscle so badly.   My 3 pics before were a clear face shot at my girl's prom, I was in the middle of the picture with focus on me and I didn't even know this pic was taken at all so 0 posing. I think out of the 100 pics they selected from the 4000 they took this pic was in the top 5 most voted on or so... And I'm not even hot ffs.   Then there was a pic with friends at a party. Just me in jeans and a shirt in my workboots.   3rd pic was just a general blurry selfie.   I added one selfie at the gym as pic #5 and pic #1 was a beach pic.   I'm awkward as hell but I'm a pretty good actor.
1	This is kind of an older post, but I figure it couldn't hurt you to throw in my 2 cents as well.   Here's a Nasus guide that GREATLY helped my play with him:   You may have already read it, but if not, give it a close read. It's highly rated, goes far in-depth with everything from playstyle, to items, to runes, and there's even a video or two.   Most anything else I would say is going to be covered by the guide, and you obviously have the hang of how Nasus works in so I'll just mention one thing: Know when to pop your ult. This comes with practice and even then it can be hard to gauge. But specifically, in a teamfight, I've found that it helps to avoid popping it too early. Your ult makes you the enemy's immediate focus and although you're pretty tanky, you can still go down quickly, even with the ult. I've found that a normal Nasus is able to fly under the radar since most players aren't afraid of a normal Nasus (I know it may sound silly, but it's true - it's all about player psychology).   What I do is wait for the fight to get into full swing and wait for lots of CC and spells to get thrown around (It's during this part that you throw down your first Wither and Spirit Fire). I find (and you may too) that I often get hard CC'ed at the opening of a fight, but that's ok because I/you/we roll with cleanse as we should. Anyway, as the initial clash is ending, then I pop my ult and make them shit bricks when they realize they have no spells left to handle a giant, sandstorming, rabid Egyptian canine fresh out of hell. At this point, they'll either (stupidly) try and outlast me and my team, or scatter to avoid taking damage. Most times, it's the latter situation. In that case I pop ghost, throw down another Wither on their DPS, and Spirit Fire as many people as I can. All the while I'm Siphon Striking/meleeing the shit out of everything at hand, obviously.   Just know that I'm assuming you have a competent team who will follow up (i.e. friends/Redditors).
0	just yesterday some lady try to lane change into my lane, as in into my car(I don't mean in front of me in a cut me off manner, I mean in straight on collision side-to-side merge) because she needed to turn right. The traffic light was yellow but its at a mere 5 feet(ish? like the part where the broken lines starts to become solid) in front of me. So she turned literally right next to me which caused me to break HARD, She almost scrapped the right quarter of my car off. she stopped right on the opposite lane of the crosswalk because she almost killed a kid that was about to finish crossing. Who in the right mind would merge into a car right next to you? I never honked without a very good reason. This is probably the 2nd time I ever honked at a person. I was sincerely scared for my life.
0	I had an older guy try to sway me. Two years ago I was 23 and in my senior year of college. I had bought a rottweiler earlier that year and would take him to the park in Brookline ,MA. Mind you there were many gay guys there that I was very friendly with. One day an older guy I had never seen before approaches me and of course we get into a long conversation - politics but primarily finance related stuff. He asks me if I want to go to his place to smoke weed so naturally I said yes.   We hang out at his place for an hour and he keeps pushing more and more bowls into my face. I immediately get the vibe this guy is trying to smoke me stupid to the extent i do something that is not the norm. Richard (his actual name) then says:   Richard -So ihatecommercials have you ever given a blowjob?   Me- To a guy? No i have not because I am straight   Richard- I know plenty of straight guys who have given blowjobs. Back in college alot of guys on the rugby team used to experiment. Majority of them are married with kids now.   Me- Yeah those guys are bisexual regardless if they are married now.   Richard- No they were straight. Nothing wrong with a little experimentation.   This conversation went on for about 10 minutes with Richard not letting down. I told him I am not going to give him a blowjob but it was nice meeting him. We had exchanged numbers because he needed help getting weed but I never called or texted him back. The dog was not his but rather that of a close friend. Should have known he was prowling the park for younger guys.   I did feel unsafe at his place but my rottweiler is enormous and protective so I was not worried.
1	Oh, do I have a story for you. I was placed in Silver V after completing the 10 seeding gamea. Being excited and all about being in Slver, I kept playing until I reached the promo series. I lost both games in a row because my team forced me to go support even though I kindly pleaded not to due to the fact that it was my worst role (it is now better than my adc). Both games I was made to support. In one of them, I kept getting caught, and the other one, my ADC was straight up stupid. After losing the promos, I was filled with rage and kept playing Ranked, hoping to go back to the promos. Unfortunately, I was blinded by anger and messed up more and went down to 0 points and stayed there for a week or two. I couldn't win games and ended up with a losing streak of 18 games :( My MMR got completely fucked and now is associated with one from Bronze V :/ hell, my friend in Bronze II has a higher MMR than I do even though I can easily outplay him.
0	Or drive a long distance. Being someone in their 30's that had gone a while between... occasions... I decided to get back into the game with some edibles (Which I had never done). I had a 2.5 hour drive home one night in the rain on a major highway and it was a clusterfuck. I spent the first hour constantly worrying if I going fast enough. It took me another 30 minutes after that to remember I had cruise control. Then another I needed another 10 to remember how it worked. Also I was constantly telling myself to "Use you mind!! Use your mind!!" No idea what that meant. Finally I was afraid that I would be the guy who ruined legal marijuana for everybody by crashing my car while high.
1	Here's the problem.   You're right. It probably wasn't just for those 5 cases. Almost definitely wasn't for those 5 cases. I would say there's an easy 90%, probably closer to 98% chance that it definitely was not  only  those 5 cases that got him banned (I hate using 99%). But...   Those 5 cases are all that are showed to us. That's all we have to use to judge someone guilty or innocent. That's it. Those 5 cases. Most of us are not Riot employees, and we cannot do a huge League background check on players to see how many times they have been reported, or what their pre/post game chat looks like, or whatever indication of toxicity shows that they need to be banned.   We don't have that. We have 5 cases. Those 5 cases do not support a ban. So...what? What were people voting on, then? The idea of "well, he's probably been way worse outside of these 5 cases"?   That's definitely how the Tribunal should work. Assumption. Not what is presented (which does not seem to support a ban, yet was voted by the majority to do so), but what we assume exists in the background.   It just is a dumb way to justify Tribunal verdicts like these. "Well, he was probably much worse than this, we just didn't get to see it!" If we didn't see it, it didn't happen. Or we could change the name to The Witch Trials.
0	I beg to differ. No electricity, no water, and rubbish everywhere. That's probably why a lot of people are mad. But what people don't realize is all those stuff is not controlled by Morsi. Heck, he couldn't even use his power when he was elected, hence the "controversial decree".   He (Morsi) is his own enemy. He is too soft. He couldn't even throw all those corrupt judiciary people out. And forget the police. Have you been to Egypt? Not helpful... at all.   Baradei, with his fellow oppositions, joined (perhaps subtly) by left overs from the Mubarak days, capitalized on all these problems to start the revolution. A powerful Morsi is dangerous to them (ex-Mubarak). They need him to fall before prosecutions can happen.   The media? There's 30stations++ who keeps 'cursing' and blaming Morsi everyday, so what do you expect people to believe in? If this was Mubarak he would've closed these stations any day.
0	You're assuming the worst. On top of which, financially supporting someone's drug abuse is not helping at all. That's actually a 'cause', since you chose to put it in quotations, of her drug abuse. She doesn't have the money but, he's funding it. When that money could easily go to counseling, therapy or psychiatric treatment, if he really wanted to help. It's not shifting the blame. It's saying how it is. She is to blame for her actions, yes. But for OP to say it's okay to sell her out because she's fucked up, is wrong. To sell your family out, when you can help them is wrong. On top of which, he could help her but at this point, he just doesn't want to be seen as an asshole by his family. That's pathetic. Should have never helped the situation. Should have sought treatment for his sister. Should have cut her off financially. All things he could of did besides sold her out for $75.
0	I'm not really sure, but I read it in Adam Smith's  Theory of Moral Sentiments :   >How many people ruin themselves by laying out money on trinkets of frivolous utility? What pleases these lovers of toys is not so much the utility, as the aptness of the machines which are fitted to promote it. All their pockets are stuffed with little conveniences. They contrive new pockets, unknown in the clothes of other people, in order to carry a greater number.  They walk about loaded with a multitude of baubles, in weight and sometimes in value not inferior to an ordinary Jew's-box, some of which may sometimes be of some little use, but all of which might at all times be very well spared, and of which the whole utility is certainly not worth the fatigue of bearing the burden .
1	You're simply not playing to improve, you're playing to gain Elo, get better and you'll get elo, but getting more Elo doesn't help you get better if you don't improve.
0	I already see the standard "reddit is not homogenous, everyone is different" response to the this. When he talks about the hive mind he is talking about the predominant opinions that show up the most often, not the outliers who disagree. You're not telling anyone anything they don't already fully understand when you say reddit is full of different people with different opinions... everyone already knows that.
1	However, OVER MANY GAMES,   Hey, look at that. In a rant about why I belong in Elo hell, someone actually found the reason -  I don't have the time necessary to grind my way to high Elo in solo queue. Gratz.   >
1	Also, I always insist that in addition to attitude, the player's intent trumps the situation.   By intent, I mean how hard the player is actually trying to win. By situation, I mean what champ they have, what the team comp is, and what build they are using (Yes, build is a choice, but the point remains. You could choose a completely shitty build, but if you are actually trying to win with that build, you will do better than someone who is intentionally losing).   Case in point. I recently had a Poppy who on the surface, had everything going for her. Our team comp was pretty good. She was building a pretty normal Poppy build. So what went wrong? The player was a troll. All he did all game was shout "YOLO" in all chat and consistently run into the enemy team 1v5, dying instantly. The guy ended with more than 20 deaths in a ~30 minute ARAM game. All he did was run in and die, then wait to respawn, then run in and die. Over and over.   Meanwhile, the enemy team had a Fiddlesticks who decided to build AD. Is that a build choice I would support? No. The difference? He was trying. He obviously wasn't using the best build option, but given his situation (Fiddlesticks with his team comp with AD items), he actually attempted to win, rather than running in and dying on purpose. The result? He did well. He might have done better if he had built AP, yes, but he did well, because he was actually trying to win. (On a side note, the extremely long fear he has is very noticeable when you are being auto attacked over and over by him during it!)   So of course, as this Poppy is blatantly trolling and making the game less fun for us, my team asks the enemy team to report Poppy. Their response? "lol its just aram chill, besides, we had an AD Fiddle anyway." And there are the problems.   1) People pretend like ARAM is not a real game, therefore anyone is allowed to intentionally feed if they want.   2) People assume that "trolling" or "intentionally feeding" are the SAME thing as "unconventional build." That is very wrong. Fiddlesticks had an unconventional build, yes, but he was trying to win, and he did pretty well. Poppy, on the other hand, built correctly, but intentionally fed. Which is the troll? In that team's eyes, they had no reason to report Poppy, because both teams had a troll, therefore it was even. Meanwhile, their troll was positive by a few kills, and our troll was 1/20.
0	Could be your MAF sensor that's gone bad. Or possibly your exhaust could have developed some leaks and one of your cars ECU's has decided to trip one of the many error flags that would put on an engine light.
1	As far as I know: Ranked 5s Team-MMR is calculated by every individual player's-MMR (in Ranked 5s) in the team. Everybody of us got another own individual MMR for ranked 5s queue. That's how teams get placed into plat1 after 5-0 placement matches. I'm Plat 1 with ~Dia3 MMR in SoloQ right now. But I didn't play alot premade 5s. Means, if I q-up with people like me, I will prolly get matched with low soloQ-MMR players, even if I'm 1 or 2 leagues above them. I hope you're able to understand me... I had huge problems to explain my thoughts :/
0	It fucks with your memory and makes you less attentive. It can eventually cause depression and panic attacks, and it is most certainly a narcotic/gateway drug. A marijuana cigarette also damages your lungs nearly 5x as bad as a tobacco cigarette does.
1	The problem is that it  should  be the go to item for caster ADC's who don't necessarily want to AA that much, they just want raw AD to fuel their AD-scaling abilities. And ironically IE has more AD to fit that bill, while also being better for autoattackers thanks to crit scaling.
0	So I googled "racism sociological definition" and came across [the Wikipedia page.](   It starts out with "some sociologists define racism as a system of categorical privilege". Alright, fair enough. Racism exists  systematically  when some races are categorically privileged. That does not imply anything about individual racism however, which is what the people in this thread are referring to, which is, according to Oxford Dictionary:   >"the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races"   You're confusing two separate forms of racism together: systematic and individual. Of course sociologists are going to define racism differently; they're studying the sociological impacts of racism. The whole individual racism this thread is referring to is going to be studied by psychologists, so why are you insisting on using the sociological definition? That's beside the point, though. Here's what sociologist David Wellman defines racism as:   >"culturally sanctioned beliefs, which, regardless of intentions involved, defend the advantages whites have because of the subordinated position of racial minorities"   Now, that's an oddly specific definition of racism for someone studying sociology. What that basically implies is that  there is no such thing as racism against white people . Not only is this downright ridiculous, it completely ignores any previous historical evidence to the contrary,  even those times when white people were subordinated throughout history . Do you really expect any rational person to not see through that steaming pile of bullshit?
1	No where did I say not to try.  And in no way is my logic flawed.  Chauster has played Alistar a lot, doublelift has played Blitzcrank more than a lot.  They both play bot lane extensively.  I think they know exactly what needs to happen for duo-bruiser to succeed.  Your logic is flawed in the fact you are basically arguing Chauster/Doublelifts understanding of the game and bot lane.  My logic is maybe that duo-bruiser lane is just too risky to use.  That isn't to say something else wouldn't work.   Example:  If duo bruiser bot succeeds only 40% of the time but it succeeds so explosively that it snowballs and instantly wins the game, would you consistently run that lane?  The fact you are even arguing countering the meta by using what counters the meta's lane composition and not just what counters the lane is actually the entirely incorrect way to go about it.  I would rather people think to pick to counter lane, not to counter the meta's lane composition.
0	14th Amendment, section 2, second sentence starts "But when the right to vote..." and then goes on to explain punishments for states that don't give men of the age of 21 or older a vote (votes for women and 18 year olds came later)   Notice, this sentence does not grant the right to vote, but already assumes that the right exists.  In constitutional law, this is a stronger sentence than explicitly giving the right to vote because it also includes an enforcement clause.   The words "the right to vote" appears several times in the constitution.  The idea that voting isn't a right in this country is about the dumbest thing I've ever heard on this site, and I've heard a lot of dumb shit on reddit.
1	I really think you guys should rethink your attendance model vs space.  It's really hard to predict how many people will show up day of and/or only for part of the day and you have a demand to make it look full by not putting out 1 seat per ticket sold.  (And space issues).  At the same time you can lose money with too many chairs and space and not enough people.  It sounds like you weren't even planning to show the first round of LoL then had to quickly put together a small space for live viewers.  (there weren't any crowd shots) I've worked on events before and i bet IPL 5 will work well because you have good data on who will show up and growth of the crowd.  I think at some point you have to decide to take a look at limited tickets and limited seating for some events.   also   it really sucks to go expecting to meet and watch some pros and then not get it.  it really really sucks.  I was thinking about going to meet the SGS and WE guys but work got in the way but just getting my money back would have still left a bitter taste in my mouth.  Especially if I drove up from socal for that reason.  It would be nice if you did something for those refunding vip tickets that is over the top awesome.  Saying you're talking about it internally and refunding tickets just doesn't seem like you're trying your best to make up for giving some ticket buyers a gigantic let down.  I ended up watching the stream and realizing that at some point in life i'd subscribed to the ipl twitch channel.   also   is this a real post from the ILP marketing director?  It was supposedly posted before the event.  I got it from one of the links in this thread.   Hey everyone! My name is Kevin, and I'm the Marketing Manager at the IGN ProLeague and an SC2 caster if anyone happens to watch that as well. I've been reading the thread and want to say that I'm really sorry you're upset, but I do want to clear a couple of things up: 1.) We are not revoking our access to the players from VIP ticket holders at all. Not sure how that got out there, but it's not right. VIP ticket holders (and only VIP ticket holders) will have the backstage access to the player practice area that no one else gets. 2.) Here's the total list of VIP ticket holder benefits: Front row seating Early access and First in line service Access to player practice areas IPL T-shirt LoL Poster from IPL 4 VIP Lanyard Free Meal ticket Riot Water Bottle Riot Stress Relievers Magic of the Gathering cards So fear not! Hopefully Dyrus will grace your brother with his presence at the practice area and he can meet him. Please let me know if you have any further questions. We certainly do listen to your concerns and will be happy to address any you may have!
1	ESports is evolving into becoming more of a business.  If we travel back a few years ago, there were no gaming houses except in Korea - now, every top tier professional team has a gaming house.  Not to mention how the South East Asians have inducted coaches, analysts, cleaning services ect... Into their organizations staff, to have their players solely focus on the game and set them up for absolute success.
0	Touche'.   Point is though, there are plenty of people who want to kill us, lets not add more enemies.
1	Nah, I don't think so, although Regi (I think it was Regi) said that as far as he knows every team is switching something up in season 4, and I'm pretty sure that TSM will definitely have a roster change.
1	I HATE linking my own threads, but it's funny how the community just downvotes everything like this related to the patch for the first few days, then goes back to actually being constructive.
1	I never really understood this either.  I suppose it doesn't really matter that much, especially if it's just during a creep wave but I just don't see any reason to just leave it there.  Why wouldn't you activate a buff to one of your skills?  The only thing I could come up with would be maybe mana costs... trying to stay at a lower rank so you spend less mana using it. But that doesn't really make sense since most rank ups don't up the cost of an ability by any significant amount and you could always just upgrade a different ability.
0	Y'all don't even know. I work as a service technician for mobile devices (tablets and smartphones) and people of all ages flock to us to get help with a gambit of basic issues.   Let me tell you something; there are a lot (A LOT) of people who do not know if they have their own email address. Or know how to use Google. Or know where to locate a key on a standard QWERTY keyboard. Think of a feature of computer usage that sounds so obvious it's innate and I promise you, to a lot of people, it's not.   Not surprisingly, this kind of computer incompetence is mostly seen in older individuals. Phyllis Tickle (best grandma name ever, yeah?) said that the older generation are "immigrants to this time". I think that is very reasonable. I have a theory that builds on this, that for most people who find themselves in these situations are suffering from a lack of foundational skills.   And I don't mean foundational skills such as how to perform a Google search. It's basic things like scanning a screen for the information you're looking for. Learning patterns such as what symbols perform which function (print, save, etc). And a huge one, interpreting things like alerts and notifications.   I believe that this comes from a deep seated anxiety surrounding computers and technology. These are people who grew up in a generation where for most of their lives, people didn't believe computers would be commercially available to consumers. People were taught that you should leave this "sort of thing" to the professionals because their analog sensibilities were likely to impose irreversible and expensive damage.   So in that way you can't blame them for the inhibitions that separate them from the three year olds who can't speak an English word but know their password for apps. If this is your loved one, I beg you, find out what the disconnect is that keeps them from opening up to tech. Otherwise you're always going to be the resident IT person and you will get a call from me someday begging you to tell me what you changed Grandma's email password to.
0	I understand completely. Being the eldest child, my parents tell me a lot. I am going to college next year, and I have two siblings in middle school. My mom hates my dad because he drinks and smokes. She thinks that because he drinks, that he obviously cannot remember anything, and is mean when he does, which isn't true. The reality is she is a crybaby and starts sobbing when you do much more that raise your voice. He could benefit from AA, for sure, but with three kids, and making more money than her, we can't afford as a family for him to take the time off work.   In the same respect, my dad is not happy with my mom either. My feelings are about the same. She is batshit loony. She has grandiose ideas, and doesn't think them through well. She is constantly volunteering everyone in the family to do things, without consulting us, or even thinking really (just the other day she said my dad would be more than willing to go fix her friends lawnmower, and then mow her lawn. He did it, but really, why not ask first?).   Then there is the problem of her family. Her brother lived on our couch for about a year and a half when his wife left him. He is a big man, and pretty much laid on the couch the entire time, watching TV and eating us out of home. When myself and my dad were finally fed up with it, and made my mom kick him out, we realized we had about $300 more because we weren't feeding him. Now he is working his way back into our house, little by little, and neither myself our my dad like it at all, but she doesn't seem to care. At least summer is almost over and no one will be home, so he won't be able to get in. That, and now it has been 3 years since he came to our town, and he still hasn't found a job yet.   Finally, both of my parents have voiced to me that they are thinking of divorce. My mom because she feels they can't relate (when most of the time it is her that is unwilling to), and him because she is crazy. I talked my mom out of it about a month ago, and my dad says he isn't doing it because he just got switched to nights (budget cuts in a school district. Was a head custodian, now on nights), so he wants to make sure he is in the right frame of mind; but then also because he doesn't want to leave us while we are growing up, because his parents divorced when he was a kid, and he resents them for it. He also knows that because of him being switched to nights, and because around here the moms always win in custody cases, he might not see us much. With the added child support, and the fact there is nowhere to get cheap housing around here, he is just hanging in there.   Thanks for letting me vent.
0	I think its hilarious that the internet is concerned not with the potential necessity of protest and possibly revolt but instead with who said the words superimposed over a picture of Benjamin franklin.
1	Personally, I think it helps a lot. I played with level 30 friends when I was level 5-10ish until I was level 30. At first, when still learning you may get stomped, but the more you play, the more you will learn. Going up against people that know what they are doing is challenging as a newbie at first, but you improve a lot fast. I would usually play with my lvl30 friends, but when I played on my own around lvl20-25ish, I would end up carrying my team hard.
0	Our school had an course signup for Creative Media (After FX), Photography and Post-Manipulation (Photoshop) and 3D Editing, and after filling the classes in a month (It was more of a signup to gauge interest as opposed to actual signup) our school buys all the licenses for a fraction of what they got a tech grant for, and spend the rest on iPads and upgrading all the LAN from 300Mb/s to Gigabit (Which is stupid because they didn't but gigabit routers) and even though the teachers (Who used to do the things taught in the courses) told the tech department they couldn't use the Dell Dimension 2100's they had (Pentium III, 512MB Ram) they didn't buy new computers. So to sum it up, we got Adobe Suite and a 3D editing suite we dont, and wont have the computers for, upgraded LAN which we dont and won't have the routers for (The tech dept overspent and administration actually wants to cut back), iPads which all teachers think are stupid and the librarian said the cart gets signed out less than once a month.
0	The opposite is true. From another thread a father said his wife was always telling him he didn't do anything to help with the kids and he couldn't wait to be deployed so she could finally see all he did.   The top reply was that she wouldn't have any realization of how wrong she was, the only thing she would feel is resentment if he wasn't there.   I can tell you personally that fatherhood is a damned if you do, damned if you don't, nobody will ever feel sorry for your sacrifices since moms sacrificed more.   Yes I'm here to say  mom sacrifices more  but who cries for the dad who also had to give up everything? For the scores of "You had a baby, great job mom!" when was the last time you went to a dad and said "Wow, you were on your feet for 14 hours bringing your wife ice chips and rubbing her back, that must be hard, great job!"
1	Reason why league is better than Dota because like many players said in the past, league is more simple to understand. The announcers on the panel and the in game announcer does a great job on telling you what's happening. If you have any sense of gaming knowledge you'd get the gist of things, I never played dota and I kind of understood on what's going on. If i want to understand more then most likely I'd do my own research and get into the game myself.   My sister doesn't play video games at all but when i showed her a few league clips she gets on gist of what's going on. 5 people killing 5 other people you don't need to know how, just the fact the blue team killed the red team. The noob stream would be pointless, if you want to know on what's going on then research or get into the game itself. Honestly if you're willing to spend time to watch a stream I bet you already some idea on what's going on.
1	I feel like the best way to show the severity of this issue is to take the collective amount of time wasted by players. Assume 1/20 games has an afk/disconnect ( for me it seems like 1/3 games has one but 1/20 is more conservative), 9 people x 20 minutes = 180 minutes wasted per game. There's something like 30 million people on this game. For the example, assume all 30 million are playing. Thats 3 million games. .05 3000000 = 150000 games with an issue. 150000   20 minutes = 3 million. That's 3 million minutes wasted once everyone plays the game. Riot can easily fix this issue with much less than 3 million minutes of work.
1	I got semi-serious when Riot tempted me with a Janna skin that has what looks like a sweet parrot.   You gotta find a role that fits your personality or feels right or w/e, for me its supportive roles like jungling cc-heavy aura-stacking tanks and well...supporting. Try to find champions you can do EVERYTHING with...for example, my favorite support is Taric. He can play defensively with his huge armor buff/heal and flatten an initiator with his stun, but he can also play aggro as hell with his stun-R-W which you dont even have to all-in with since his R has such a low cd.   Also, if you played on and off like you say, you may not be serious enough to justify playing ranked. There are 4 other ppl on your team that really wanna win and deserve your best effort so don't half ass it and say "oh well didn't really care anyway," cuz that is what blind pick is for lol... >_>
0	Hey, you mind coming over and helping me paint my new apartment?"   "Uhh, surrrre."  Fuck, really? You really gotta learn to say no dude. Stop being a pushover.   *Goes over, helps paint apartment*   "Thank you sooo much. That would've taken me forever!"   No, it would've taken you the same amount of time, damnit.   "Not a problem! Glad I could help."   "Anything I could do to return the favor?"   Yeah, I can think of a few things   "Uh, nah. A job well done is a reward in itself."   "You, uh, maybe want like, a blowjob?"   "Are you...are you serious?"   "Yeah, we're both single, you're cute, and I know you're not the clingy type. Just foolin' around, getting our needs met, you know?"   "Well, uh, that'd be cool, yeah."   And we've been fuck buddies ever since.
1	Here's my two cents. I've played Fiora 253 games this Season and am currently ranked in Diamond V. Fiora Smite Top Lane only works well in a advantageous match up. Why? Well let's look at the skirmisher's sabre. It costs 750g assuming you didn't start skirmisher's sabre. Additionally, Fiora really needs some form of edge early game in order to snowball into a deadly force. By the time you buy a skirmisher's sabre, you could have bought a pickaxe (Theoretically speaking, 875g is not that far off from 750g) The power edge you get from a Tiamat rush is much bettter than the 150 true damage you get from smiting the enemy champion (proceed with ulting). Furthermore, smite is more geared toward a post-level 6 fight, which shouldn't be your focus. Fiora should be looking for every opportunity to get first blood from the moment she gets level 2.
1	Here's the thing: all of these flow-of-play changes (let's call them that) don't actually affect much besides the professional scene and perhaps extremely high elo solo q players. Last night I just played 3 games in gold 3 with similar mmr; 2 ended at 20 minutes, the third ended at 30, but we could have (and should have imo) ff'd at 20. Because most solo q players don't play nearly as passively as pros do, it's still easy to capitalize on mistakes and snowball. You can still snowball lanes, it's just not an insta-win. It allows for bad laning mechanics to be made up for in teamfights.
0	Except he's already been punished.  Gay rights groups inundating the network to have him fired.   The news media whapping him over the head over and over.    If you can lose your job and and be crucified for a generic opinion then how free is your speech?  There was a theater director in San Francisco who was fired after saying he was against gay marriage.  Did he lose his house?  His life may have been ruined for his freedom of speech.     So you're no longer allowed to believe that being gay is a sin.
0	I think what we choose to call it kind of determines how we choose to view it. Your viewpoint is totally valid and justifiable, but allow me to play devil's advocate.   Aren't psychological vulnerabilities by definition character flaws? These people and their communities should suffer for their own faulty actions. It's "nice" to save them from themselves, but it isn't a moral imperative.   Just because we understand some of the neurological mechanism for a gambling addiction, does that stop it from being immoral?   If weakness and vulnerability isn't a trait you can be looked down on for, what is? Victimhood shouldn't be a point of pride.
0	There's an intersection near me that has a "No Turn on Red" sign up but it also has a traffic signal that has a right turn green arrow for when the cross traffic is taking their left turns. People who don't drive around here often don't look up to look for the peculiar right turn arrow and many miss it. I look like the asshole giving them a short honk but it's a major highway on ramp street so there's a huge line usually.
1	if his name was coincidentally the same, that would be fine but the problem is he knowingly took the name and knew that there was someone out there who was famous in the game design community that used the name. He also took the name knowing that other people would recognize the name and found amusement in their reactions.   If he had a unique name since beta that  HE MADE UP  then I would be totally against riot changing his name. If the story was even one of coincidence where the OP just so happened to name himself Ghostcrawler, then I would be against it.   However OP stole a name (and i use that lightly because people steal names all the time) of a  game developer  and used the name knowing full well the status of the original owner of the handle and now that the game developer has joined the community leadership the original owner wants it back. I see nothing wrong with this. If the OP had have chosen a unique name the chances of this happening would be astronomical.   Had the OP picked a unique name instead of taking one, then I would have no problem with joining the fight against the name change, but this is just Murphy's Law; OP took a name of a person and never thought that the person would join Riot. With the act of taking Ghostcrawler's name, the OP bet that Ghostcrawler would never go to Riot and lost that bet. If anything this is a tragic comedy.   Also I don't claim to have talked to the REAL Ghostcrawler about this but here is a guy who has worked to make the handle Ghostcrawler recognizable. This handle is part of his  career  and a symbol of his hard work.   Here is a guy (the OP) who (for all I know) liked the name/person-behind-the-name and took it for their own to play League of Legends with and has been using it for a while.   As far as I'm concerned the OP has no claim to the name because any money he has put into the name is still intact considering Riot didn't ban the account.
1	CLGs way of treating their top laners really does reflect in seraphs abyssmal stats   This is something that definitely needed more context outside of pure stats, and why you can't get the whole story from them. It's been mentioned by several sources that Seraph does extremely well in-lane when not being excessively camped and can go toe-to-toe against the best top laners in NA. To be fair though, there has been room for improvement there, and he's done a good job doing so the past couple weeks.   I've mentioned this elsewhere, but I think that it's mostly that camping top is the only offensive strategy with a likely return against CLG since they're somewhat infamous for being willing to sacrifice top in favor of advantages elsewhere. Link has been doing rather well this split as he rarely gets caught, and ganking Rush Hour tends to be a big gamble.
0	Agreed. Maybe having this "murica" attitude leads to a high amount of motivation/determination/creativity in finding or inventing employment. "America" has never stood for the premise that no one can fail. Instead, I think this country's culture reinforces the idea that if you work hard and get creative, success is likely, though not guaranteed. Other countries may shift toward more "automatic" wealth at the cost of some individual ingenuity. Our way may be harsher, but it creates one hell of an inventive society, and a pretty successful one.
1	Im going to be honest, I am beginning to LOATHE this game. Every fucking game there are at least 2 people on my team that are so bad that i become depressed knowing they are level 30. I get stuck with trolls all the fucking time too. What even worse is, the other team ALWAYS seems to know my team is bad. I regularly get 4-man ganked at least 5 times in the first 15 minutes. Its like its 1v5 every game. I end up doing bad because i go on tilt and cant deal with stupid shit.  Then the insults from the other team begin. Its demoralizing and makes me want to punch a hole in my monitor because no matter what i do, no matter what i try, i lose. At one point, I had lost 19 of 20 and was on a 17 game losing streak...It was honestly the worst streak i have ever gone through. It was so disheartening knowing how bad i was doing. And over the stretch, i wasnt even playing bad. I averaged 7 kills and 5 deaths roughly. But i just could not win a match to save my life. Eventually, i started to rage. HARD. As per usual, my team could not just ignore me. They reported me and i got 2 week suspension. which is complete bs. ANYONE would rage after losing more than 10 matches in a row. I play this game casually, but i also play to win.
0	Not to prosletyze, but only because I don't want to turn this into my blog. it can get into some
1	I feel that this wouldn't really be an issue nowadays because the current state of the jungle allows the jungler to level up at roughly the same rate as the laners, if not faster. In season 3, Warwick had more trouble in the jungle because he wouldn't be able to gank pre-6, and the jungle wouldn't give him the experience he needed to get 6 fast enough to become relevant. Season 4 alleviates this issue a bit, because right now, junglers are encouraged to farm even more while gaining much more experience, which is what Warwick could easily do.
1	Long story short, I got to write League of Legends fanfic as my job for a little while.  I liked it a little too much.  You can play the new character at PAX if you like, which is happening now.  I have every intention of doing so, as I’ve spent a lot of time with him already.  I feel like I know him best."
0	Relevant rant: I had a supervisor that would make up BS excuses to keep us from using out time off and threaten our jobs if we did anything about it. my favorite instance was when i went to go take my final exam one quarter. Months before, I had requested the afternoon off and got it approved to leave at 2 so i could get to my exam on time. I emailed the office that morning to let me know if they needed anything done before 2, because i would be taking a test, "wish me luck!" I get a call from her saying that [insert company name here] does not condone taking time off for school because people would abuse it. now that she knows what i am doing with my time off, she is not only going to write me up if I leave that afternoon, but will deny any time off i request for school in perpetuity. "it is against policy to allow time off for educational pursuits." I asked her to show me the policy and she wrote me up for "disrespecting her authority". I called HR in tears, not from sadness, but from fury. I wanted to badly to tear her a new one, but i knew that would not get me anywhere. within 20 min, i got a formal verbal apology from the supervisor(written one came later), a call from an HR rep that in no uncertain terms said that my supervisor was literally making things up and that any time i am not wearing my badge, they did not care what i do. That supervisor was so bad, they fired her about 4 months later. In the mean time, i purposely took extra time off for school, an extra hour here and there, and put in the request line "studying for a test, wish me luck!" my coworkers were supportive and hated her too, so every time i had a test or quiz, there would be an office wide thread wishing me luck with her on the cc.  the most ridiculous part? They were paying my tuition.
1	Both parties are to blame. You can't just say that Regi and Loco are stupid. Yes they are, they should be all over it, they are at Worlds, they are the best team of America. I mean you're the champions guys. But they have the right to be pissed to be constanty put down on SI.   Because it is true that SI is really biased. Monte or Thorin will never admit that TSM is the best team in America, they are not fair in their opinion of the American scene. But once again, fairness is not the goal of SI, they just want to entertain, and it's easier when you have a scapegoat.
0	But it's my little brother and he's only 7 and there's no way he would understand if I stopped, especially since it's the only time I see him. (We haven't really used a babysitter for at least 12 years. That one was the older sister of a friend of mine and we all knew her very well and she stole the checkbook, and a bunch of my mom's jewelry. We actually tried again a few months ago, when I was unavailable and both my parents worked.  She proceeded to pass my brother off to her younger sister, who brought a friend. Later the one who was actually supposed to watch him finally came, but brought her other sister while the first one left. They proceeded to play on their laptops and let him draw pictures and tape them all over the walls. They ate a ton of food, but didn't feed him at all, and the house was a mess when my parents got home. (This was just for six hours, not the 12 I usually watch him for.))
1	Shen. Recently played a game as sona , and being the squishy , quiet support , I got aimed at a lot. This shen however , kept ulting on top of me , possibly sacrificing himself just to save a damsel in distress. Then I realised Shen looked slightly similar to my bf (Kinda vague since his face is covered 90% of the time). Especially with the surgeon shen skin , with the glasses and all. My bf is the same to me. Quiet , slightly shy , but inside hes a prince , a hero that would sacrifice himself to save me (He does kick boxing and is one of the best , despite being a quiet guy). So just like my bf , shen is my valentines this year. So sexy. Im gonna draw a fan art of him revealing a small bit of his face , when I get the chance. C: Sorry for this long paragraph.
1	Statistically speaking, the word "Report" is among the most commonly used by toxic players.   However, it's used almost as frequently by non-toxic players in games alongside a toxic player.   It is not reportable to ask for others to report people who you believe are acting in a toxic manner.  It never should be, since the system heavily favors those who have multiple reports per game, and if you only troll 1 person per game once every so often, you get off scott free if no one else reports.   But harassing a player for poor play is always reportable.  And if the manner by which you choose to do so is to ask people to report them, then you should be banned.   Does that make sense?   As a better example, in a game yesterday, I said 3 separate times in chat to report my support.  The first time was when he refused to quit attacking creeps after being asked to (He was gold-Elo season 2.  He knew better and was doing it to troll me.  Since he was playing Thresh his q passive made it impossible for me to last-hit over him in lane).  The second time was at the end of the game when people were saying gg, I said "gg, Please report Thresh".  The third time was in the end-game screen.  My actions were not reportable.  His were.  That's about where the line occurs.  If I had asked to report him for the 3 times we lost trades because he had no clue what he was doing on Thresh, however, it would've been reportable.
0	That's how my dad is.  He has hunted his entire life, when he was little, he'd take a pellet gun and shoot squirrels, rabbits, and birds so he could eat them.  Now, he hunts deer, pheasant, quail, dove, and the occasional hog.  He does enjoy the hunt, he finds it fun to sit out with friends in the middle of nowhere with no electronics bugging him, no boss to tell him to do something, no computers needing fixed.  He says he doesn't enjoy the kill, taking a life, whether or not it's a human or an animal, is taking a life; the difference is that we get to eat this every other Saturday with our youth pastor and some friends.
0	Look, we've had this discussion before many times. In essence, we've decided that, although the picture is not a frame of the actual quote, it is the best picture we have that represents the idea behind the quote. A screencap during Walter's rant doesn't mean anything without the other 599 frames surrounding it, but the image we've taken to using does a better job of conveying the message.
1	ok second idea, create a similar campaign as p diddy endorsed, vote or die, but rename it, watch our coverage or we come to shit on your porch. and if you can actually get p diddy that'd help.   other than that, I like watching the interviews after the games, asking players why they thought they should of head this route with itemization or what they thought of the opposing team they just lost to or what they think about the next curse match coming up and who'll be the most trouble for them. but that's just me.
1	Well there is something I have to say to this. I have been playing for about 2 years, and I thought everyone knew this, stop playing for the day if you're not having fun/whatever your goal is, it usually takes 3-5 games for me for something like that to happen, but recently I'v had to forgo that for promotion series (Which I never win, hell I had to dodge out of one because someone locked in Darius for duo top while I was jungling) and I'm starting to think that this system is flawed to hell. I know I play better than 90% of the people in my division (I got demoted to bronze 3 even though I placed near the top of Bronze 1) but no matter where I go people always say "You're in the division you deserve to be in" I know thats not true (I have out played my Silver 1 friend uncountable times, he is also suprised that I'm stuck in bronze)   I hate to be that guy but most of the time its my team (I can count on one hand the number of times that I have lost the game for my team) but I don't know what to do, I cant help the AD carry that has 22 CS at 20 minutes, I cant help the top laner that is pushing to the tower with out any wards and getting ganked, I cant help the mid laner when I'm at base after killing the enemy jungler in a duel in river when top comes and ganks him. And then I get flamed for not saving anyone. Its disheartening I'v gotten 6 promo series since dropping into bronze 3 and every one has been 1 win 1 loss and a game I have to dodge because last pick locks in a top/mid/jungler when we need a support.   My question is this. What am I supposed to do? I cant carry hard enough as a jungler to save everyone, should I pick a different role, or should I just start queuing with my silver 1 friend? (the latter being an increasingly less desirable option since I want to find my true league, I know that its not bronze 3 and even though queuing with a friend will help my get out its not going to help me in the long run)
1	Doesn't matter if he's done an ama already. Things have changed since his last AMA. Big things. Plenty of new questions can be asked since then. At the very least this lets him know that we want to hear from him/get a semblance of an interview from him.
0	Once upon a time xNotch got lonely because his creations only did what he told them to so he decided to give sheep the freedom and creativity to mine and craft things on their own. The one catch was telling them to never assemble obsidian in a doorshaped pattern. When the sheep started derp-facing around in the Nether a sad xNotch keeps the server up but nerfs gardening and never logs on again. @jeb logs on briefly several millenia later but doesn't announce anything particularly important besides "believe in me". Though @jeb did do some cool holiday patch stuff that included turning coal into diamonds and storytime to the flock gathered around the lava fountain one night.
1	look up the base regen of a champion and check how much the +X% is worth in health per 5 seconds. For instance mordekaiser gets 3.4 per 5 seconds on level 1 and + 0.55 every level. the gold value will depend on what level you are at. +50% at level 9 will be 8X0.55+3.4X50% = 3.55 hp per 5 seconds
1	The amount of assumptions you make here is just stupid. First you're assuming that every game is a draft pick or ranked, and that blind pick doesn't count for penta stats. Second you're assuming that out of the 27 million people on league that the average player plays .63 summoners rift games per day. That's just stupid, you have literally 0 reason to make this assumption as this is anything but accurate, considering there are a large amount of streamers who play for sometimes up to 14 hours a day , and lastly you assume that because Kass has a 96% ban rate (again not accounting for blind picks here) he has a 4% pick rate, that's not necessarily true, by the logic that he has a 96% ban rate and thus you have a 4% chance of seeing him be played is on the same logic that urgot has a 0% ban rate so you have a 100% chance of seeing him played.
1	Mean people everywhere in life not just games. Willpower and good outlook on life can change everything depression is a temporary state and anyone without drugs can get out.   Trolls are everywhere in life and games if you can't take it without actually getting away happier, I say people are not doing it right. Learn to troll first then interact with them it does wonders.
0	Hey, my grandfather was run over by a German truck during the occupation. He did what any hot-blooded Dane would do: He filed a claim for lost wages due to sickness. He was refused, and hated the Germans until his dying day.
1	So I've been watching and noticed a few things:     First part you speed it up and only talk about how you could be Plat but not are. Rather boring for people that are watching to see Jayce mid.   You should focus more on 'why' and not 'what'. We can see what happens but we're more interested in why you do that (i.e. get a 2nd dorans over something else etc)(Going back to do your farmfest - why that over roaming and other lanes?)   Your voice is pretty normal / good to listen to so that is great.   For speeding up you should keep that in the mid parts (between teamfights etc). Early game is indeed boring to watch but crucial in your gameplay. A lot to tell there about trades you could make, when to back off etc, when you roam to other lanes / their jungle etc.   The mid game you could speed up during teamfights and shopping trips. During this talk about your build / what items you buy and why. Then when you are getting ready for a teamfight you could do things like pausing the replay and explain the positioning & what targets a Jayce should be going for.   Maybe a start with runes & masteries.
1	Kennen has an advantage during laning since he is based off of energy. It means that his ability use isn't limited by how much mana he has. On the flip side, once Riot balances Kennen to have a fair laning phase, his energy system is a handicap - he can't build mana to really get past the mana use limits he has during laning, so he's limited during teamfights. Furthermore, getting cooldown reduction doesn't help either, since Kennen will quickly run into energy limitations.   Fundamentally, mana-based champions are limited by their mana system during laning, but getting past mana issues is highly rewarded, especially by cooldown reduction. Energy-based champions are limited less by mana issues during laning, but miss out on the rewards for dealing with mana issues.
1	I know what you mean with husky and starcraft.  The hard thing for lol is that there is no replay system.  So people who are trying to shoutcast have to use the featured list of games or there friends list.  Or they are lucky enough to have a pro player on their friends list so they can shadow them on solo queue.
0	We've heard it a million times before and he's saying it as if he's some revolutionary new breed of man who'll be ridiculed by society for his controversial opinion.   Nothing wrong with liking small boobs, but he's basically saying big boobs are gross. Which is offensive to people with big boobs.
1	Here's what I've done to around 1500. Haven't lost since we switched from common wisdom "Tanky game" to this setup. W/L is something like 19-7.   Solo AP with high sustain top: Annie,  TF, Morde, Rumble, Nidalee. Anyone dependent on blue buff sucks (Swain, anivia - don't even bother). Brand and Karthus might work, haven't tried. If you aren't first to pick, ban Morde. 3v3 becomes 4v2 and you lose every time.   Ranged AD/Support bot. Corki/Caitlyn/Vayne/Ashe. AOE > Single target. Taric/Sona/Janna (CC > heals)   Make sure you have at least 1 ignite, 1 exhaust and 1 cv.   Ward: Dragon, 100% up time at red buff. Cannot gank from bot lane without going through red, unless you are hugging enemy tower.   Jungler and 2 solo lanes < 1 top 2 bot. Pushing lanes is better than not pushing lanes because ganks are easy to spot if you warded red, and a dead tower gives a huge advantage.   Dragon is HUGE. 1k team gold + OP buff. Make sure you note the time when it dies, so you can be ready to get the next one. Lizard- 4:00 Respawn (First spawn at 2:10) Dragon- 5:00 Respawn (First spawn at 4:40)   GP5 Items less good - games too short. Elixirs more good - same reason.   Ward at red buff. Top lane farms, bot lane farms.
0	Not at all as cool, but I'd like to share it!   Was driving by a traffic light and saw a car on the side of a main road. It was as I figured - the car ran out of gas and I saw a man walking by himself about 20ft ahead of the car in 20 degree weather with a bad wind chill.   I pulled over immediately, welcomed him in my car, drove him to a gas station where he filled a gas container, drove him back to his car, and waited for him until he started his car.   His hands had gas and I gave him sanitizer. As he reached for his wallet, I said, "Today you. Tomorrow me." He responded, "I just helped someone out with the same thing the other day." We then parted. Felt great.
0	There was a Lysol commercial years ago with a nervous wreck of a party hostess. She just cooked fish before family arrived and this brat little girl calls out "It smells like fish in here!" However, the woman's generic air freshener barely covers up the smell. Now the brat exclaims, to the lady's embarrassment, "Now it smells like fish and roses!"
0	The Grateful Dead have live recordings that put other artist's studio recordings to shame.
1	This opinion holds up in principle, which is fine, but look at reality.   I'm relatively new, but I do play quite a lot.  I started about a month ago and now I'm looking into starting ranked.  There are a few reasons I do not play ranked atm, and they're regarding other players.   1) People do not listen to their teammates in draft picking, they do what they want and tell everyone else to screw off.   2) My champion pool with which I am skilled is not 20 champs deep.   3) I am not equally skilled in all roles.   I do not know how many games I have played, but I have almost 160 wins.  I realize this is a paltry amount, but I have been focusing in one area and trying to learn.  I like top, therefore I watch streams, read guides, take advantage of what this subreddit has to offer, and try to practice in game.  I have gotten to where the majority of the time I win my lane.  There are some hiccups, but I feel comfortable where I am.   This is about 150 wins into a role and a lot of time outside of games essentially watching lectures on how to play.   Ip and time are very scarce resources.  I feel like in top lane I am good enough to play ranked and I want to see where that places me skill wise.  I would like to learn each role and be an asset to my team, but I do not feel that expecting 750 games (150 games * 5 roles) before entering ranked is a reasonable expectation.  I have added people who have been playing since beta with fewer games than that.   So yes, learning all roles is the goal and something I intend to do.  I feel like if you want to be good at the game and enjoy it that's what you need to do.  This is not a realistic goal though for getting into ranked.   If I can't get top I am a decent adc and understand the mechanics behind jungling, mid and support.  When I call top, it's because that's where I am best.  When I am forced out of it and into a role I'm less suited to, I get the ever loving piss flamed out of me for doing poorly in a role.  Not even necessarily feeding, just doing poorer than a mid at my "rank" would play.  This is in normal draft and blind pick games.   When people look for every excuse in a game to flame you, why would you want to venture into a role you cannot play?  Practicing against intermediate bots is nothing even close to basic level 30 play, let alone against people who are competent.  So how are people supposed to learn when they get flamed and discouraged even in normal games and are raged at for years in ranked for not knowing every role?   The rule you have quoted says nothing about pick order > call order.  It says to support your team and fill the role where you are needed.  If the person with first pick is the best option for playing support because he is better at it then others then he is bound by this rule to play support.  His order doesn't matter, that's what he needs to do to support the team.  This is why when I'm first pick and I get a sob story about how someone is bad at a role I try to fill that role and give them what they are good at.
1	Accepting that you are not as good as you think you are is the best way for me to improve personally. I generally get a better attitude in game as well, as I am focusing purely on how I can improve in every situation, rather than blaming uncontrollable variables (Players).   You will get bad players in many games, accept that. You need to make the best of every situation you can. You have to also accept you won't win every game. Usually when a game is going extremely bad for me I'll think to myself "Okay, well I've probably lost this game but I'll see how I can improve from this game so that I can play better next time". This attitude can really help me focus and depending on the attitude of other players more often than not I can manage a comeback.
0	Little history lesson here: The US of A was, prior to the civil war, a confederation of states that were almost totally autonomous. The South said "I like this, let's keep it this way." But the North was all "Nah, man, we need to centralize." This went on for a while, but tensions arose when the North started to get what they wanted. The USA became a more centralized nation. The South wanted out, so they seceded. They banded together for protection against the North, who they presumed would invade them to get the land back. And the union would have, had the CSA not attacked first.
1	More posts that are not conductive to a good subreddit. More fuel for the proverbial fire.
0	I just laughed thinking about how right you are. This past weekend I am in my living room and here my room mate say AWWW FUCK. I'm like what dude?  No answer....  WHAT HAPPENED?! "WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY? I TRIED TO FART AND SHIT MY PANTS. NOW I HAVE TO TAKE A SHOWER."   Two minutes later this girl he invited over knocks on the door. I let her in and she's like what are you doing?   Room mate: "I'm taking a shower!"   Girl: "Oh let me come in"   Room mate: "FUCK NO"  locks door
1	I think you are mixing up two definitions of OP.  When a lot of people say OP, they don't mean that the champion is impossible to counter.   There are some balance issues with champions in the game, which is why you consistently see the same picks in professional matches.  Some champs just seem to work better for how the game is currently being played.   Generally, one very strong champion is more of a problem than one under powered champion because if there's an under powered champion, you can play almost any other champion but that one and be fine.  If there's an over powered champion, it severely limits what you can play against it.   Take Zyra, for example.  Some people expected to see a lot of Thresh in the S3 World Championship, but Zyra's ability to push hard onto lane and block him when he tries to hook made it so you couldn't play him at all.  In fact, support role was dominated almost entirely by Zyra and Sona pick (except for Tabe's Annie) because Sona can sustain Zyra's poke and answer back in lane, so she does fairly well.   Of course, most champions are counterable, but when most people say "OP," they mean extremely good at their meta-designated roles to the point where what you can play in said role is limited to either that champion or a counter to that champion.   You're correct, though.  There's a second definition of over-powered.  In the sense you're discussing, a champion is only over-powered if there's very limited or no counter-play.  For example, right now, I think the way Sivir's new W is set up is sort of OP because for only 40 mana she can hit every single minion in the wave and the champions three consecutive times from a safe distance.  Pretty much the only way to not get hit is to stand far enough from the minions that you might miss experience.  This is pretty irritating and might be countered by making the damage decay on subsequent hits (like it used to work) so she can either use it to get harass when there are only a few minions left or use it to farm when a large wave is pushing.  But this, in turn, could create problems with overall viability and negate the work that's been done to rework her twice.   Then there's Olaf.  In his current form, when he uses his ult active, he loses increased resistances but gains immunity to cc and offensive stats.  So to stop him from getting to your squishies, you have to kill him quickly.  Previously, he gained resistances during the active, so there was pretty much nothing you could do about it.   Vayne is OP in the sense that she fills the role of AD carry really well.  She can stay safe with her short cooldown gap close, her knock back, and stealth in ultimate, and she does a ridiculous amount of late game burst and sustained damage.  This makes it difficult to play someone who doesn't do that or doesn't counter her and shut her down in lane.   So I guess.
0	Waves of those thoughts have come over me off and on for a few years now. It's not that I don't have friends, loved ones, or even a partner (six years now, but I don't push for a ring. I think it's rude.)  It's normal to have those thoughts of being/dying alone and it is very easy to dwell on. Try not to. :) Just don't do what I did at 18 and latch to someone just to not feel alone. Remember your friends, especially the ones who are really there. Lovers and even friends come and go, but don't sell yourself out to another person for vain or material reasons. When it comes down to it you just never know how "the end" will come, where you may be, or who may[not] be there.  Sorry, not very good at this sort of thing.
0	While i do agree it doesnt seem like that big of a deal we cant know for sure, I used to go to church with someone just to be there with them (Im an athiest) and i wouldnt do much there but then when someone figured out i was an athiest I was basically looked down upon by everyone and it became terrible going to church, it felt like being the kid in school who no one liked or wanted there. Moral is it could actually be a pretty big thing for him to go, although i dont think sexual favors should really ever be used in bargaining, kinda ruins the point.
0	I remember not long ago my brother and I were driving home from Atlanta. I was 16, a fairly new driver, but I had enough experience to do well enough. Atlanta traffic is really hard though. I needed to get onto I-285. My brother was navigating really well. I was looking for a sign for the exit. Then I realize, I'm in the lane for 285 east. The lane next to me that's backed up for 2 miles is for 285 west. I have to merge over now or I'm lost for good. I'm freaking out and everything; I'm not used to screwing up on the interstate in such a big way. I had to stop and hold up my lane momentarily, hoping for a space. A couple people sped up as to not let me in. People are honking. After 8-9 cars, a guy in a van waves me in. My brother turn and wave at him enthusiastically. I'll always remember him. If it wasn't for him I would be lost in a huge city as a new driver.
1	I disagree with Ezreal due to his dominant early/mid game to shut down any AD with a good late game.   Ali/Shen can be countered by  good  decent teamwork.   I believe Malph is a bit overpowered because of his ratios and strong lane phase. He is also a beast in teamfights. He really doesn't have weaknesses because you build a chalice and you can survive anything. Just needs tweaks, imo.   Eve is by no means overpowered.   Rengar needs more number tweaks, and Jayce needs a big tweak. He is currently the biggest lane bully in the game and incredibly hard to lane against.   Zyra and Diana are fine. Both are strong, but both have weaknesses.
1	My toughts on xerath. Be scared of opponent pre lvl 6, for the facking best master BAIT ever, when you make him dive your turret cuz he's a dumb nub and you stun  him and do your 500 DPS combo ult! Then he'll go afk and game is over. GG WP
0	My parents did this when I was kid. Today I know it's inappropriate and unfair, but I can't un-hear those warnings. It made bagging groceries feel shameful. Same with delivering pizza and sucking dick for coke.
1	I can give you a little run down on Korea since it doesn't look like anyone has yet.   Regular Season Format   So unlike both the NA and EU LCS, which each have 8 teams, the Korean league (OGN) has 16 teams. These 16 teams are separated into 4 groups. In each group, every team plays every other team in a best of 2. If a team wins both games, they earn 3 group points. If the teams go 1:1, each team earns 1 group point. If a team loses both games, they earn 0. At the end of the round robin, the top two teams from each group advance to the play-offs. The brackets are drawn randomly, but every first place team from groups plays a second place team from groups in the first round.   Play-Offs  Not a ton to say here. Every match is a best of 5 and the winner advances in typical bracket fashion. However, OGN does implement an interesting practice that none of the other leagues do. If the series goes to a fifth game, the teams play a Blind Pick game instead of the typical Draft Pick style. While in Draft Pick, each team bans 3 champions and takes turns picking, in Blind Pick, there are no bans and the enemy picks are unseen. This generally seems to be popular among the fans, as it allows players to use their best champs, and creates more mind-games with the strategy.   Circuit Points  Here I'll discuss the OGN method used to qualify for Worlds. So in the West, only the Summer split matters in terms of Worlds qualification. Basically the top 3 teams from the play-offs go to Worlds and that's that. OGN instead uses a circuit point system. OGN also has three splits in a season (Winter, Spring, Summer), while the West only has two (Spring and Summer). Teams in Korea are awarded circuit points based on how they do each split. These are distributed as follows (NLB is the lower league that teams are dropped into if they fail to make it to the quarterfinals of OGN. Basically 1st in NLB is equivalent to 5th overall):       Place   OGN   NLB           1st   400   75       2nd   225   60       3rd   150   50       4th   100   40       5-8th   x   20       9-12th   x   10           After all three splits, the two teams with the highest number of circuit points are automatically qualified for Worlds. The 3rd spot is fought for in a gauntlet of sorts. Based on circuit point ranking, the 6th team plays the 5th team in a Bo5, the winner of which plays the 4th team, and the winner of that plays the 3rd team. The last team remaining gets the remaining spot for Worlds. The circuit points remain significant, as the 6th place team would have to win three Bo5s to qualify, while the 3rd place team would only have to win one.   Region as a Whole  Korea is pretty much considered by all to be the strongest region by a significant margin. Last season's World Champions (SK Telecom T1 K) won the tournament in a fairly convincing fashion, losing only 3 games, 2 of them to another Korean team. They also 3-0d the other finalist, Royal Club of China. Korea has also swept the two major international tournaments so far this year. The KT Bullets went undefeated at IEM, and SKT T1K went undefeated at All-Stars.   The Top Teams  Korea allows for sister teams, and almost every team in OGN is part of the same organization as another. In the West, each organization is only allowed to have one team in the LCS. Following Season 3 Worlds, SKT T1K remained an extremely dominant force, winning OGN Winter without dropping a single game, which has never happened before. Their mid-laner Faker was (and still is by many) considered to be the best player in the World. After the Winter season, SKT fell into a bit of a slump, after the temporary leave of their support player, PoohManDu. OGN Spring was won by Samsung Blue, the sister team of Samsung White (formerly Ozone), who were one of the representatives of Korea at Worlds last year. Mid-laner Dade is the star player of Blue, and previously played for White. Dade slumped extremely hard at Worlds, but is back in form and one of the top mids in Korea. He was dubbed the "King of Spring", as he has won both the last two OGN spring seasons. Once with Samsung White, and once with Samsung Blue. At the moment, many consider the top 3 Korean teams to be Samsung Blue, Samsung White, and SKT. This is reflected in the circuit point standings, as Blue and SKT are tied for first at 450, having each won a split, with White in a close third at 375.   Conclusion  So that's about all I can manage to type at this hour. There are a lot of other noteworthy teams in Korea that I can give a rundown of tomorrow if you'd like, though I understand if you skipped this response as I now realize it's somewhat lengthy. The Play-offs for OGN Summer start this week, I'd recommend checking them out if you're interested in getting more into the scene. Widely considered to be the highest level of play!
1	Pinging "miss" 137 times   "OMG U DIDNT CALL SS REPORT"   "Are you fking kidding me?"     Then i learned to "ping back(retreat)" 3 times in my lane and 3 times in other lanes
0	Having been the asshole, sometimes the prescription is ready and they are having an issue with your insurance and you are stuck at the window because they have your id and are just waiting on what should be a 30 second exchange that ends up taking longer. During this time even if you move they are not going to take the next customer because your transaction is already hung up in the system and they would have to cancel it and start over qhen you come back around starting the cycle all over.
0	Because when it is all said and done it's still  her  body. How can a man be ultimately responsible for pregnancy when he is not the one falling pregnant. In my unpopular opinion if men were somehow able to get pregnant, there still would not be any men with unwanted pregnancies simply because men would prevent the pregnancy with contraception or a coat hanger out back.
0	My great aunt on my father's side passed away a week ago. I intended on going to the service but was unable to get time off as it was not covered in my companies bereavement policy.  Anyways, my father was the one told me. We have had a very estranged relationship for many years, my childhood was marred with beatings and he left when I was 15. He has since been remarried and divorced ( I was admittedly happy about the divorce, she was a horrible woman).  Since I have gotten married, and become a father. My dad is 74 years old, and been retired for almost  decade. Yet in that time he has seen my son once. I bought a house last year, he hasn't stepped foot in.  When notifying me of my great aunts passing he went on to tell me how lonely he is becoming as many of his cousins and all but 1 aunt is passed.  I am a father, I am a full time student and hold a demanding full time job, so the idea of going to see him just isn't much of an option. He also spent the better part of my 20's making me feel like shit and disapproving of my now wife. Only 1 of my 4 siblinga(3 are half) communicate with him on a regular basis for similar reasons. Good to see he is getting lonely.
1	You have a very limited understanding of the League system. As I said, do not focus so hard on LP as it is a very vague representation of your standing. Demotes are determined sorely by your hidden mmr. You may lose 4-5 games while being at 0 LP if you are high enough while at the same time you can get demoted right after your first loss. Same thing applies to promotion series in division I. You can trigger your series by winning a game with 80 or less LP or get clamped at 99 forever. Riot already admitted they screwed League system and they intend to change it in the future.
0	Walmart actually changed the policy in regards to people taking advantage of the online price match, which recently rolled out to the nation (previously it was just a few states that participated).   Penny items, 10c items, and anything that has insane shipping costs are now void from being price matched.   You also can no longer price match any third party sellers, so if you're price matching Amazon, it must be sold by a verified seller.   Walmart has also given not only store managers the final decision, but the entire management team of each individual stores the right to refuse an online price match.   If you call 1-800 WALMART to complain about being refused an online price match at any store, your ticket will not go anywhere. If any member of management tells you no, that is the final decision.   Most of this is on corporate.Walmart.com/policies   I'm not sure if it has been entirely updated yet.
0	Being that I am not gay married(not planning on it either) or religious I feel I have very little to contribute but have often ponder the same question and this is what I have come up with. I find that most religious nuts are really only concerned with the word marriage that they consider being defined as a holy sacrament change to be define as something that they consider unholy.  So what is the big deal with the word?   For me it is just a word. Word can be used in different contexts for different situations and can even have their meaning altered in the process.   Respect for another beliefs I can understand. I will even agree that we can consider this as a factor but how much weight should it really have when it comes down to the law's definition of marriage?
1	My profession...! You know, now that I think of it, I've always wanted to be a baker. Yes, a baker. - Brand.   Force is meaningless without a skill - Darius   Valoran will know harmony. - Shaco.   I will lead the charge - Twitch (or any other adc).   And many more, but didn't want to make kilometer long post, 'cause what would I say in
1	You don't need an ID for Garena, you only have to download the client and register. For the registration you only need to input your desired username, password and email (any email will do, as long as it's not taken. Or you can try any random one, hoping its available). Then you have to change your IP in the Garena settings for the location you want to play LoL. Like SG/MY, PH, Taiwan, Vietnam, Russia or Indonesia. Oh and, you have to download the respective LoL client for the server you want to play in.
0	I would like to echo a lot of what has been said in regards to your qualifications as a med school applicant.   You do look immaculate on paper: excellent GPA, tons of volunteer hours, research, masters degree, work experience. It's obvious you will make it through medical school and will have no trouble getting the degree. Medical school is rigorous, the curriculum is overwhelming, the fact that you have done everything you did shows them you will make it, otherwise why bother spending the time to interview you. Hell, you have been interviewed twice, they know you can hack it. But guess what? So can everyone else that is being interviewed. They don't interview people who won't make it.   Despite what you think an excellent GPA, loads of research, volunteer work, shadowing, doesn't necessarily show the interviewers and committee whether you would make a good physician. Again there are tons of applicants who look exactly like you on paper. They want to get to know you, the person.   One of the questions I was asked on the interview trail was "Why?" Why go through all the trouble, why do you want to be a doctor, why do you want to sacrifice another 8-12 yrs of your life to formal education and training? There has to be a reason other than "I want" or "my mom and/or dad is a doctor" or " I like science and the human body is amazing". I don't want to assume this is the case with you, I'm sure you have a very good reason, otherwise why bother and keep trying to get into med school? But the thing is, the interviewers don't know that. You need to tell them why and demonstrate why this is so important to you.   If you are able to demonstrate why you want to be a physician, another thing they will want to know is what makes you different from the other applicants. As a physician the majority of patients you will likely care for are impoverished people with real life problems. You are treating the veritable Everyman. How do you relate to that? What hobbies do you have outside medicine and science, what jobs have you held, do you like sports, do you play an instrument, are you an artist, woodworking, we're you a plumber in a previous life? I found that a great number of my classmates in med school were philosophy majors, music majors, teachers. Truly a diversity in personalities and multidimensional lives. If your whole life has been dedicated to the idea of looking like the best candidate possible for medical school, then you end up neglecting what makes a person a doctor: you aren't treating disease, you are treating a person. If you are truly as one dimensional as your post makes you sound (I really doubt you are), then maybe you should rethink your career choice and pursue a PhD in biomedical sciences.   Another question I was asked multiple times both during the med school and residency interviews is what are my backup plans? Just because you interview doesn't mean you are getting in, as you have realized by now. No one is entitled a position anywhere in life, and this includes medical school. You have to think, what if all this doesn't work out? What will I do instead? This says as much about your desire to become a physician as it does about your general character. Being able to adapt and overcome adversity is important.   Lastly I think it's important to touch on something else that has been repeated throughout this thread. You have to be personable, you have to know how to talk with people, you have to be able to work well in a team. If you come off as arrogant, socially awkward, or overly competitive, that may turn off some people. You are going to be in close quarters academically and while working with a small group of people for at least the next four years. You have to be able to play well with others. Secondly, as a physician you will be caring for people, and if you have no people skills the rest of your life will be extremely difficult. They cliche is that medicine is as much an art as it is a science. This is becoming even more true as there is a customer service aspect to practicing  medicine. You will fail as a physician if you lose all your patients due to poor bedside manner.   I don't mean to call you out or assume that you suck as a person and that's why you didn't make the cut the first two times around. But as someone else pointed out your post is misleading in that it makes it seems as though it is I fathomable that you didn't get in with your qualifications. Truth be told everything I said may play a part in the admission process, but unless you are on the admissions committee there is no real way to tell what they want from an applicant.
0	There is no law requiring people to have a photo ID, so by forcing people to get one to vote can stop those who are poor from voting.  Since the US already has really low voter turnout, it is counterintuitive to shrink the population who can vote further seems counter to what a representative democracy should strive for.  And since businesses are not required to give you time off to vote, reducing early voting also targets the working poor in an attempt to further reduce those able to vote.
1	To explain this is Bischu he rose to 2700 elo playing Nidalee and Katarina exclusively, he hates this video. On his stream he mentioned he did an interview and it was so embarrassing. He attempted to show this vid multiple times, but he kept turning it off saying it was too embarrassing, and how his hair was a mess etc. So some fans that were watching hos stream found the vid linked it, and someone got the bright idea "SEND IT TO REDDIT!" That's why if you scroll all the way down the first comment is by Bischu saying "I hate my fans so much right now." And that's how we got where we are today.   Here are some of his guides if you are curious:
1	Heres a few things that you should know. First, when in W, rammus gets 150 (at max level) extra armor and MR Then with W 10% of his armor value is returned in damage to attackers, so assuming he starts with say 150 (incredibly low amount for rammus with thornmail especially) then W's to make it 300, every attack returns 50 base damage and then 30 bonus damage to the attacker.   Now, thornmail returnes the damage done BEFORE armor mitigation, meaning that if a vayne has say 200 AD, you take 30% of that which is 60 damage, and thats what she is hit for every time she attacks rammus.   Then theres the big issue of mitigation, rammus will likely only recieve 1/3rd of the damage from AD. So with a vayne with 200 AD, vayne does 66 actual damage (assuming 2/3rds is mitigated) but takes 80 damage from W, and 60 damage from thornmail. Even if we assume vayne has a wriggles and a BT, unlike thornmail, those only lifesteal based on the amount of damage that is actually done. So lets just say she has 30% lifesteal, that gives her 19.8 hp back per attack.   Were not even taking into account any damage that rammus could actually do, or the health that rammus has.
1	Just did the math; if you had 50 AP (basically runes + 2 doran rings) and you go for Death Cap you would have 212.5 AP and would get 25% more AP per level depending on your mastery page.   If you grab 2 needless rods you get 210 flat AP with no % scaling outside of mastery page. It also takes up an item slot.     (50 + 120) * .25 + (50 + 120) = 212.5 AP with 25% scaling on extra AP.   (50 + 160) = 210 AP
0	I did this through most of the month. I told my husband and kids I wasn't hungry because I ate a big lunch while they were gone. Then I would wait until they were full and see if there was any left over.   The worst part of the whole thing is going through your mental to do list the night before and the same thing is at the top of the list every night. Figure out how to get something for dinner. It kept me up so many nights trying to figure out which options were still available to me and which ones I have already used up. Call mom is a good one unless you know that mom is having financial trouble too, and she will give up her only food for you the same way you do it for your kids.   Two days ago our food stamps were approved and the feeling of going grocery shopping was euphoric. I was literally singing "Look at this stuff isn't it great" from the little mermaid as I put the food away. I still peek in the fridge every once in a while just to bask in it's fullness.
0	Unless someone actually does something bad or wrong there's no reason to be a dick to them EVER!!!!! Everyone knows right from wrong some choose to ignore the golden rule but that doesn't mean that right and wrong are truly subjective. There's nothing wrong with choosing to have kids in any country, the choices you make after having the child can be criticized. Let's say a low-income or no-income woman chooses to have a child in a developed country. She can go on welfare and stay on it or she can go on welfare actually struggle to get a job find a shitty one go to a tech school or maybe even community college get a certification or degree get a better job using the certification and give their child a better life in a few years. As for overpopulation and resource waste that's all bullshit we actually use a very small amount of space on this planet and humans adapt far better than any other known creature, we've been digging ourselves out of holes we create and those that we don't create for hundreds of thousands of years, it's really unlikely that it's going to stop anytime soon
1	First of all, congratulations Bro. Im happy you guys won this tourney. When watching I try to stay neutral because of my respect all of the teams, and want everyone to win. This was a little different. I really wanted you guys to win IPL. Great job   Just wanted to say that myself and a friend of mine have been fans of yours for quite some time now. We main your stream, refer to you when we theory craft more often than naught etc etc. Your showing at IPL was actually more of a surprise to us than anything. You melded so well into the team so quickly in such a small time it caught us off guard. I thought you would still be a bit rugged with the team, but you just showed how well you can adapt.   Random Note: We have played a lot of blind pick norms up until now, and we really cant think of any justification of why we put ourselves through the torture of the trolls. We are getting to ranked now(duo queue) and committing to it(trolls still but wayyyy less). My friend has been playing top lane rene since his debut. Im not sure how opposed you are to taking advice and all that. But we should all play sometime, or something.   Continue to strive for excellence and never settle for complacency.
1	I went to highschool with Devon (Riot Runaan); while I have to acknowledge that the lore goes through an entire department, this feels like the same problem she always hit: forsaking key points of the narrative for the sake of more interesting character development.   An example comes to mind of when she had written her two favorite characters into a corner and wasn't satisfied with the extent of storytelling they had been given. Rather than let one or both of them die off, she went complete Mary-Sue and had these two teenage boys carried away by a small bird inside of a cave, effectively removing the drama and built up logic of having explored the environment in the first place.   Let's take a look at how that sort of mindset is playing out here.   &nbsp;   > With the Institute of War in place, we often found ourselves asking: just how can we work around this so the story we want to tell can take place?   This is the key dilemma for her and the lore department. They want to completely remove the story built up, the frame of time from the game, because they have written themselves into a corner. The simplest answer to this is that  they have overlooked the value of their own plot device, and should be harnessing that potential.   Why not just change the Institute of War leadership, rules, and use entirely? If you're wiling to go so far as destroying it and the meaning it held, why not first consider changing its influence gradually and having the players participate in these stories? At the very least you could write it into the background to promote upcoming game modes. At present the Riot writing department is too eager to retcon their world.   &nbsp;   > We believe in a philosophy in which story should spring from the characters naturally, not from a very arbitrary plot built around them. Character drives plot.   The problem with this is that we don't play or have any involvement with anything beyond the bounds of the Institute of War. New game modes would have to be developed for every relevant plot arc, and the current competitive League of Legends would have no story-related ties at all. To break it down,  players have been contributing to the subplot with each match; a story detachment of this scale would make all of those subplots permanently meaningless from that point on.  Not to mention the logical problems of scale for future game modes where champions like Malphite, who rise taller than mountains, are competing with Yordles who measure their height in cupcakes.   &nbsp;   > “But Ionia vs. Noxus” - yeah, that event was awesome. I wasn't even working at Riot at the time, but it certainly perked my interest. The thing is, though, this wasn't something that was going to work over and over again. The idea that players could influence the story was pretty misleading – at any “story match,” only ten players would legitimately get to fulfill the role of a summoner. In addition, story by vote or story by chance can often end with unsatisfying results (simply because of the random chance). Strong storytelling is deeply crafted.   This is an illusion of a problem that doesn't actually exist. Any number of matches could be used to contribute in a war-like setting. Hell, the battle for the Freljord was settled by icons, and we can't have a poll taken from cumulative ranked wins for one side or the other? An enormous open war with a cumulative professional match could be done over and over, and would drive the community involvement on a level of the yearly All Stars to say the least.   There is so much potential to evolve the Summoner's Rift, the Institute of War, and the story of League of Legends as a whole. The community base would benefit from  being able to participate  in a growing, evolving story-line with gradually shifting plot elements -- rather than consecutively abandoning whole branches of the world (the way Riot has done with Dominion in exactly this way before).   *
0	Well there is no number really.  That is why it is not a speeding ticket.  It's a judgment call really.  If a police officer deems you were driving too fast for the weather conditions, they will give you a reckless driving ticket.  No cop is going to pull anyone over when they are going at or below the speed limit in poor weather.  It is really just a way for police to hold people responsible who are at fault in an accident in poor weather so they cannot blame it on the ice/snow/rain/fog.  For example; when I first got my license, I was driving home from work in heavy rain.  I took a downhill turn a little too fast, while remaining under the speed limit, and my car went off the road into some light trees and grass.  A police officer drove by and waited with me until my dad came and pulled me out with his truck.  No harm no foul right?  Yea, except the cop gave me a ticket for reckless driving and explained how the speed limit is not really applicable in bad weather.  Chances are it would not have happened if I was driving an SUV with new tires and 4 wheel drive, so you really need to know how your car performs in different weather conditions and drive accordingly.  You cannot drive a rear wheel drive Cadillac the same way you would drive a 4 wheel drive SUV in poor weather and expect everything to be ok.  No cop is going to sit on a radar gun and pick an arbitrary number to assign speeding tickets with, because legally they can't.  Just drive as safe as you can in poor weather and remember you are just as responsible for an accident in bad weather as you are in perfect weather.
1	There comes a point where you have to stop farming and fight.  The game is not "kill creeps until your build is finish and then try to win."  you have to do things like contest dragon, protect jungle, and stop the enemy from pushing towers.  Your team needs you to do this.   Had you left your lane for a couple of those team fights, you could have one them, turning the game around and winning it for your team.  But instead, you're doing exactly what they were doing, blaming your loss on the rest of the team like you did nothing wrong.
1	Hi, yeah rumble is really difficult but one thing that entertained me when farming with him was that i saw dyrus doesn't have line missile display on while playing and when he plays rumble he uses his E alot to farm from the back. For SOME REASON i was really entertained by using line missle display and turning smart cast off for his E and it really improved my farming.
1	According to how evil this was from Thresh, he was possessed by Teemo.
0	As someone who was bullied like HELL from late Elementary School on... This is bullshit.   My parents always told me to defend myself, I never did because I believed my teachers who told me that "Fighting never solves anything."  I was also a small nerdy kid who likely was not capable of taking any one of these fucks down.   One day I transferred to a new school because we had moved.  It was beginning of 7th grade and I had recently broken my leg pretty severely in a rollerblading accident.  It was broken so bad I was going to be on crutches for about a year.  Being the new kid on the block as we were coming back from PE class (yea, they made me take PE even on crutches, Don't ask) these asshats decided they were going to kick my crutches out from under me.  In that moment I said to myself "Never agian" Wheeled around on my good leg and proceeded to use my crutches to beat the ever loving shit out of both of them.  I'm told it looked almost ninja like.   When it was all said and done they suspended me and told me not to come back to school until I was off crutches because if I had them they would be considered "weapons".  When I kept up with my studies on my own and when I came back just tested into 8th grade.   No one ever fucked with me after that.
1	Please lets all take into account that displacement Vs CC  was always a buggy thing, flash/dash in suppression or stun always caused to be affected by the CC at the end of the dash. In this case, when yasuo ulted, the cc was calculated  before  they spreaded out causing all of them to be affected. Sometimes when i ult with yasuo, someone literally besides me doesnt not get affected, so i can confirm the opposite can happen.
1	There is a really low chance that they nerf shen. He is strong because of his kit. He is overrated in soloq. Also he is not permabanned. Only at lower elos, where its surprising cause I dont remember which pro said but, shen on soloq does not work well cause most of time you ult to save their life for example, the bot lane is retreating. So you waste your ult, then you go back to lane where you lost some turret hp/cs/xp. It's banned at lower elos cause no one times his ult and also most people that play vs shen are not aware of be ready to cc him so he cant go.  Its highly picked in korean meta, because of his splitpush power. But is not that simple. He is not that strong in top lane. Used to be a really safe pick, but with all the anti-health meta, playing vs elise por example would be really hard. And if you watch CJ ENTUS Frost replays where CloudTemplar plays shen the team always let him get cs, so he can get items to 1v1 people and splitpush by his own. It's not as simple as, pick shen and go splitpush, cause if you have no sunfire/witsend/warmogs  (2 /3) you will probably lose 1v1.
1	RedbloodNL, XoutX and me are doing a school project, we want to make a television channel about Esports, maybe for league of legends only. It is a project about making your own company, and i came up with the idea to make a channel dedicated to e-sports, because if it works in korea, why wouldn't it work in the EU(maybe US as well)   If we could bring the stream on twitch, azubu or youtube to the television screen, it would be enough. My friends sometimes came over to my place, i linked my PC to my television via a HDMI-cable and it work smoothly enough, besides the fact that i had to move my  ** ing pc through the house.   Also, some people dont have the internet to watch the matches in 720p, and i know VOD is the future, but i'd rather watch a football match live on TV, than later, its just not the same feeling.   I want to ask you, the league of legends community(who actually are active on the forums and are not the avg. jerk), what you think of a channel for esports.   And how would you pay for something like this, we were thinking of an app, that has premium features, like the chat, exclusive interviews etc.   Thank you very much for responding, its for school, after all :P
1	Passive players are generally good but fail in soloqueue. A passive player needs a team that can handle themselves until you feel farmed enough. It doesn't matter if you have 200 CS by 25 minutes if your midtower is down and your AD carry is getting zoned. You lost a few dragons and some people already started raging.   In soloqueue you should always strive to win your lane, don't die and get farmed. Know your matchup, your champion's weakness and strengths. Pickup some kills if you can. Don't get sent back early.   If you have spare time, make sure you help out your other lanes whenever possible. There's nothing more annoying for a mid laner than when a bruiser suddenly appears. Or a toplaner getting snared by mid. Just don't overcommit and lose tons of exp waves.   Keep your timer on dragon and be there to fight over it. Most of the time the enemy top laner will be in his lane and you get a uncontested dragon. Arrive before dragon spawns, force enemy botlane back or even kill them is a free dragon.   If you're confident, make calls for your team. When to dragon, when to invade, when to back. When split pushing is good or when you should group mid. If players see you doing well, they generally tend to listen. If you are as calm and farmed as you say, this shouldn't be a problem.
0	I get that you're pissed, and you should be ... but who are you pissed off at?   I have black friends, and I feel bad for them, because all my black friends are totally cool people ... and still, every bike that was stolen from me was a black kid, every person arrested for robbing people on my street? Black. I had pocketbike on my porch, forgot to bring it in one night ... stolen by a black kid.   How do I know it was all black kids? Well, in the case of the stolen bikes/motorcycles, there were only two black families in the apartment complex, and they'd rat each other out.   That doesn't make me racist, though ... it was just two or three scumbag families that happened to be black, and I've got black friends that don't fit the stereotype ... but it's a stereotype for a reason. We had one black family move in, and I was pissed off when the racist neighbor basically said 'Start locking your doors' ... yeah, he was robbed by their son two weeks later.   So, are you pissed off at black culture? Are you pissed off at these individuals?   I don't know who to be angry at. I hear someone was robbing people in our neighborhood, and all I can think is 'please don't be the one black family', and when it is, I'm pissed off, but I don't even know who to be angry with.
1	The two champions aren't meant to perform the same roles. Heimer is a push God, while Zyra is more of a bursty CC toon. Heimer can use turrets to tank towers  because it fits his role.  However, he cannot CC lock a champion from 1100 range away the way Zyra can.
1	I think people are misunderstanding about the Traditional Skins. First, they are not the old skins. They were made similar to the old skins but NOT really the all ones (this means Riot spent their money to make them). Secondary, I think the Traditional Skins were made to sell to players, the diffirent look might be a reason, because new players in the future won't recognize them they will likely buy those traditional skin because of the diffirent looks (I'm looking at you Traditional Leesin).
1	Also why is everyone talking about dodging like it has the same effect as intentionally losing? Do people not understand how the LoL's current system works? There are 2 ratings in ranked games, one is your rank, division, and your lp; the other rating is your mmr. MMR can only be changed by winning or losing games and it determines what level of skill the people you play against. A dude could intentionally dodge every promo he gets into and be bronze 5 and be playing against challengers.
0	As I was waiting for the bus this morning in my nice more-urban-than-suburban suburb, an adult deer came  charging  towards me. My brain completed froze as I think seeing a deer at this time and place caused a short-circuit and I barely had time to blink before the deer swerved off to the side away from me. Only afterwards did I realized holy shit I could've been hit by a rampaging startled an 100+lbs animal at full speed.
0	i'll bite (a little) - you're absolutely right. end of life as you know it.  so is going from kindergarten to primary school, onto high school, onto university, onto a career, onto a modicum of personal success and some joy.  it's not for everyone, and it's really hard to sell the idea of being a father, but it's definitely not as bad as people seem to believe.  it's another optional stage of life between college and retirement. with that comes some positives.  i've become much less judgmental of others and shift blame towards parents a lot more than I used to. i've gotten much better at time management. i'm far more motivated to actually do shit with my life. i eat better. i work harder so that i can switch off from it when i get home.  to have the child was a choice, even though you can literally never know what comes with it until it happens. there are too many variables.  once that decision is made, you take on responsibility for yourself, your babymomma, and your unborn child. you will never stop being responsible in some way for these extra 2 people you never really had to consider all that much in terms of your plans. aside from a bit of occasional gifted time, you do everything together - as a team.
0	When I got my cellphone smart phones where still relatively expensive. Instead I got a phone with a slide out keyboard which was all I needed.
1	Supports have an important place in a team, through the use of  warding  to secure  map control . This translates to advantages in objective control and strategy execution by abusing the opponents' mistakes.     This intensive warding strategy was started by the  Chinese  and spread to the rest of the world since SWL. Of course, warding is a team choice, but when a support is responsible for 90+% of it, it could be said that warding decisions are the prime factor for determining a good support.   "Big plays" are  not  the reason why those world-class supports are world class. Players like Edward (EU), Madlife (KR) and Lovelin (CN) have earned their respective positions as top-tier supports through  superior warding  to control their games. Of course, Edward stopped playing as excellently since moving to NA, which is stressed below.   Players like Cain get recognized as world-class players for their  warding  and  macro  skills, not the micro ("big plays"). EU players are similar. Although they do make big plays (e.g. Voidle, Krepo), they ward far more, and ward better places than their NA counterparts, and that alone makes their calls  executable  (except for C9 and Vulcun, no NA team can execute things reliably). There is no player in NA to date who does this, since edward does not play like his M5 days.   Your claims of superior laning skill is  misleading , because the DL/Xpecial lane had more practice compared to the Weixiao/Xiaoxiao lane (China did not bootcamp). Also, if anything, Lemonnation is a somewhat  weak  laner by NA standards, so that part of your statement is also moot.   Crescendos that do not hit at least 3 people are generally considered to be  mistakes  in the asian regions, not a "big play" as you say when you refer to bloodwater. A rare example of a one-man crescendo being effective was in OGN spring where a crescendo was saved and used later to zone out Zed for an entire teamfight (but otherwise, multi-hit crescendos are the norm). However, almost all the time, a Crescendo has to hit many people to be borderline successful.   Crescendos would be easier to hit in a region where huge positioning mistakes are made almost every game (sneaky when he threw against Vulcun, Zuna on his Ashe multiple times, Doublelift recently, etc.)   Good thresh players are everywhere.  Lovelin ,  Xiaoxiao ,  Fzzf ,  Voidle  and  Krepo  made many, bigger plays on thresh more reliably.
1	Couple things to be kept in mind:   Base stats don't just refer to health pools or base damages.  Duration/potency of CC, range, and cooldowns are base stats as well.   Teamfight utility in lategame situations with full builds actually doesn't matter very much at all.  Teamfight utility in general, throughout the game, really isn't everything either.  How much presence you have early-midgame actually matters a fuckton more, imho, since the earlygame is a massive portion of what determines whether there even  is  a lategame or not.   The thing about a teamfight is, even though the big clusterfuck of ults during the middle of the teamfight is really cool and impressive-looking, that isn't really what decides a teamfight.  What tends to decide a teamfight is how you go into the fight in the first place - did you get your carry well farmed/starve the enemy carry before the fight?  did either team go in at a disadvantage due to being outpoked?  did one team have better positioning than the other team? - and (to a lesser degree), what your options are after the initial lightshow is over?   Slows or silences that void chances for a great initiation on one of your squishies, or a speed buff that stops a teammate from getting caught, or sustain that means your carry goes into the fight at a level of health where they can't be bursted too quickly to react - that's what wins or loses a teamfight.   A big AoE ult that hits a lot of champions might look great, but that's just pressing the big red button after the real work was done already.  The hard part was getting the farm advantage and/or positioning advantage that let your team bait the enemy team into grouping up, while you were close enough to flash ult.  The real clutch play was the silence/single target stun that stopped the enemy front line from initiating when  they  had the better positioning five minutes ago.
1	Australian youths are just a naturally offensive people, we call our friends "cunts" and when you're offended we have the most logical reaction.   We don't give a single fuck, if you're offended how does that affect me? That's the general thought process when an Australian is accused of being offensive. When they say something in all chat they are trying to illicit the (perhaps more toxic) "reported" response. People do worse things as they get more and more toxic, and a deeply ingrained cultural arrogance presents itself more and more.   To me American youths are different in gaming, like 10 years ago anyone in middle school (assuming this is like 5th to 8th grade, no actual clue) would have to deal with, being branded a nerd, the relatively low place on the intense social hierarchy and constant bullying and ostracisation.   From what I can gather, it could be considered to be close to India's old Caste system.   Australians do not have this, sure there is bullying, as there is in all walks of life, but sports aren't considered the be all and end all of Australian schools, we don't have a regimental football season for schools or as much of that school pride bullshit nonsense.   I don't know where I am, with this right now, oh right. Americans are different because it's a wildly different culture. And the gaming side of that can also be expressed (although not particularly linked to league) in how much money we pay for games compared to you! Even now we pay shit tonnes more for the same crap you get. When the American dollar dropped to a fucking terrible amount I was still paying like 24 dollars for a month of wow on subscription.   I felt, hey I'm paying a fuckton of money for this shit, I'll do whatever the fuck I please with it (I didn't do anything that extreme, I just blew up at anyone who tried to talk to me for a laugh). That could also be linked, how the fuck would I know I'm 18 and writing a fucking terribly planned, semi retarded essay on reddit for someone who probably won't read it.   I'm actually dreading like fuck the Australian servers, I'm only gonna move a smurf over to there because, honestly, people here suck. And it breaks a tiny part of me every time I try to play with Aussies I don't know. I would like to see a table showing the most banned players and their position because I have a funny feeling about how it'd read out.
1	I played her a lot since she came out, because she is a lot of fun but she has a lot of issues.   Her mana costs are quite absurd, you are almost forced to get a Chalice as first item if you want to do any sort of poking in the lane. Poking with just Q unlike on many other mids (Ahri/Morgana come to mind) is very lackluster and will barely phase most enemy mids. It just does way too little damage on its own... her full combo (QEWQ) does quite a lot of damage if you can pull it off, but that's where the problem lies - pulling it off is extremely hard and nearly impossible on most mids that run MS quints and have any form of mobility.   She has very good lane pushing but at the same time EXTREMELY lackluster roaming capabilities... You simply can't gank other lanes with her very well, something that is extremely important in today's metagame. Her CC requires too much setup and is too easy to dodge and unlike other mids she just simply requires too much time to set up her burst.   Her lategame presence in teamfights is also lackluster, she is supposed to be a single target burst champion which I presume was meant to take out the bruisers but her damage just doesn't allow her to do this very quickly, considering her low mobility and lack of escape she just gets jumped on and if she doesn't flashes, she dies. This is a severe problem.   Unlike the last 2 mid champions that came out, she is simply not up to par. I understand they wanted to be cautious considering the extreme negative reactions they got on the last 2 mids being too strong, but they went way too far with the nerfs on her during PBE. She is an extremely high skill cap champion that has way too many weaknesses to make it so that she is playable. Her strengths are supposed to be her CC (2 forms) and her "insane" singletarget ultimate, but she gets outclassed in  every, single way  by almost every other AP mid that is popular in the current metagame. Ahri, Morgana, Zyra, Orianna, Gragas, ... all simply outclass her in every single aspect, even in the ones she's supposed to be good at.   To fix her, they need to look at the missile speed on her W firstly. That ability is AMAZINGLY hard to hit due to how slow it is and the awkward range. Her Q simply needs to do more damage and her E needs to be on a lower cooldown I feel. Considering it's her only way to defend herself, it just doesn't do.   Comparing that to  Zyra's E (another low mobility champion that actually does well) :     Cooldown: 12 seconds at every rank   Magic Damage: 60 / 95 / 130 / 165 / 200 (+0.5 per ability power)   Root Duration: 0.75 / 1 / 1.25 / 1.5 / 1.75 seconds   Cost: 70 / 75 / 80 / 85 / 90 mana   Can be paired with a slow (W), extremely reliable     vs  Syndra's E :     Cost: 50 mana at all ranks   Cooldown: 18 / 17 / 16 / 15 / 14 seconds   Magic Damage: 70 / 115 / 160 / 205 / 250 (+0.4 per ability power)   Can be paired with a stun (Q, 1.5 sec) but is extremely unreliable     Comparing  ultimates  of the same two champions,  Syndra :     Cooldown: 100 / 90 / 80 seconds   Cost: 100 mana   Singletarget ability:   Damage per Sphere: 90 / 135 / 180 (+0.15 per ability power)   Minimum Damage (3 spheres): 270 / 405 / 540 (+0.45 per ability power)   Maximum Damage (4 bonus spheres): 630 / 945 / 1260 (+1.05 per ability power) <- added this for no real reason, as this is literally almost impossible to pull of.   I'd say it's pretty common to do your ult when you have 2 spheres on the field, making it a 900 base damage nuke.   Let's take a midgame amount of AP (300) and rank 3 ultimate with 2 Q's cast in beforehand (8 seconds of preparation without CDR, 4.8 seconds with 40% CDR): (180 + (0.15   300))   5 = 1125 damage.     vs  Zyra :     Cooldown: 130 / 120 / 110 seconds   Cost: 100 / 120 / 140 mana   Magic Damage: 180 / 265 / 350 (+0.7 per ability power)   Area of Effect radius: 700   Two seconds of CC if you don't run out   Let's take a midgame amount of AP (300) and rank 3 ultimate: 350 + (0.7 * 300) = 560 AoE damage, we all know that Zyra's ult is always paired with the rest of her spells though, which grants her an immense amount of burst.   The above shows with the same amount of AP it only needs to hit two people to do the same damage as Syndra's ult with  significant  less amount of preparation time, all the while being a  freaking AoE spell .     It's just not good enough. As for her ultimate, the base and bonus damage per sphere just have to go up. It's extremely aggravating considering how hard it is to get the full benefit of the ability to see it do less damage than Gragas' or Zyra's ultimates  while not having any direct CC linked to it and not being AoE  unlike the 2 just mentioned.   Riot has mentioned several times it's better to get the fun-part about a champion right first, then worry about balance. Well they definitely made her fun, but very, very unrewarding so I hope they stay true to their word and give her the buffs she deserves, because unlike Rengar she doesn't have a sleeper OP ability with some absurd scaling and instant reset to skew with her winrates.
1	5/6th is relative. Look at who they faced and their draw and the teams they placed ahead of and who they drew. Plain fact is that they can hang their hat on beating Curse.EU who got knocked out by Curse.NA.   What else can you pull from this? They lost better than they would have lost before? You are being a twat just as much.   Keep hanging onto that 5/6. You can bring it up in all the dick measuring threads about the NA scene until the next big tournament. Meanwhile, NA is woefully behind in meta and are not as studious as the other regions. S3 is only going to wreck NA more because EU and Korea will have the kinks worked out far before NA. The whole grasping onto crap like 5/6 and missing the bigger picture is just showing the issues with NA teams and fans.
0	I still remember when I was being bullied in my High School years. I took in all the shit (public shaming, hurting me sometimes, hiding my shoes etc.) until one time I snapped when this bully sucker punched me. My mind goes blank (My friend tole me i went Akuma style raging demon shit or some sort >_< ) and the next thing I knew some of our classmates are trying to separate me from the stupid bastard. Apparently he lost 2 front teeth ("which my classmates told me that I kicked his face in when he's down"), a bleeding nose and a swollen eye. I was suspended for 3 weeks, and I got an anger management counseling (LOL can you believe this shit? I was bullied for so long like 11 months before I snapped) and the fuking bully only got a day of suspension since his parents are closed with our High school principal. But the good thing about this is he and his bully friends never talked to me or bullied me again. :)
1	I played about a month after. I lost 5 placement games in a row. Then I stopped for months, grinded a ton of normals,  came back won 5-in-a-row and got Sliver 5.
0	When I went to court in LA for a simple traffic ticket, I felt so out of place because I wore a nice shirt button up shirt and dress pants (and I was thinking of suiting up!!)   Everyone else didn't even try (except two lawyers that were actually suited up). I thought of going back to my car and dressing down, but I'm glad I didn't. My ticket got pardoned and I only had to pay the court fee (it was a stupid fix it ticket that I paid, but never went in the system so months later they suspended my license and I ended up in court).
1	so, what's happening here is part of the system. You're not supposed to be able to be diamond while also having your hidden ELO (MMR) be around 1100. The system gives you less points - ESPECIALLY towards a league change, rather then just moving up a division - if it thinks you don't belong there. So you have to keep winning games in a row until your hidden ELO catches up to your displayed rating. When it does, your LP gains will go up/back to normal! I was in gold 5 at the beginning of the season and lost a lot without dropping(because you cant drop a league down) and when i tried to climb to gold 4 it took muchhh longer and I was getting 16 for a win and 20 for a loss!
0	I wish people like you could spend 5 minutes with an insurgent.   What is an "insurgent"? Sounds just like "terrorist"! Oh man! Why not just call them "baddies"?   You can't even name that which you fight in a proper manner?   >They're not good people.   So? What does "good" even mean?  People who kill others to protect America's interest are the good people?   People who kill people for the "wrong" reasons are bad people? And killing them for the "right" reasons makes you a good one?   Here is a PSA for you: More people die globally due to American imperialism and its completely unsustainable economics than due to the crimes committed by any middle eastern government, regardless how inhuman.   I mean, seriously: Regardless how inhuman any other place on the planet seems, no country on the planet is more destructive and unsustainable than the US. Yet it still has power... because its unsustainable behaviour is enabled through the exploitation of others. Why do you believe the US military exists? You think you need that $multi-trillion military that eats 4% of the country's GDP to defend against foreign threats? Really? Haha, oh wow.   > They're not "freedom fighters" or whatever romanticized term you want to use.   Neither are American soldiers (and that's literally what they are called by many).   >They're quite literally fighting for oppression of others and have absolutely no problem with killing civilians.   The absolute same can be said about American soldiers.   I mean, are you seriously saying that the American military is not an imperialistic force that causes huge amounts of destruction  on a global scale ?   Civilian casualties of aggressive militaristic action conducted by the US significantly outnumber any civilian casualty within the US caused by other militaries.   I mean, the sheer ignorance of the statement you just made.   The US is not a force of good. American soldiers are "insurgents" just as much as the insurgents they fight. They are  not  good people.  They are quite literally fighting for oppression of others. They don't have to purposely target and kill civilians because they don't have to resort to terror - they have the biggest military on the planet to directly enforce their economic interests.   >It's just sad how little you obviously understand about the war.   It's sad how little you obviously understand about the world and how incredibly blind you are.   I mean, you actually seem to believe that the US is fighting for freedoms and against oppression. Oh wow...   The US is eroding freedoms  on a global scale  and is the biggest force of oppression on the planet in more or less every conceivable way. The US has private prisons and runs a modern slave industry, has private military contractors that are constantly committing war crimes for them so they don't have to take the flak, they have illegal prisons where people are held without trial and tortured on a daily basis, they prosecute whistleblowers, they slaughter literally thousands of civilians during their operations and call it appropriate, they invade other countries under fabricated reasons, ..., ...   So... tell me again who the "insurgents" are. Tell me again how US troops are the good guys. Tell me again how they are just out there fighting the baddies.   Spoiler: The US military is not a defense force. It's the biggest and most overbloated military on the planet and it has pretty clear objectives. It's an aggressive attack force that exists to enforce US economic interests on a global scale.   Here are numbers for deaths of innocents caused by the US in a single country that's not even on the same continent as theirs:   So... now show me some numbers of how many American civilians have been killed by all other countries' militaries and terrorist groups combined in that timeframe. Go on.
0	What I'm implying is that women may be more likely to report being cheated on than men possibly because of this cultural phenomenon (American in particular. I cannot say with certainty how prevalent it is elsewhere within westernized society) that a man is supposed to be fully self-reliant, aggressively proud, and emotionally stable-- if not completely masking emotion altogether. In other words: men may not want to report being cheated upon because it may show a sort of cultural 'weakness' that they may not want to display, which may lead to why evidence seems conflicting to you.
1	He feels somewhat lacking in the damage department when compared to other tanks. While most other tanks have abilities that scale off their tanky-ness (or just outright damage) Mao has nothing but AP to scale off of. W -> Q is really good at locking down but the CD is a little long without CDR; with a bit of CDR it's enough to seriously disrupt your enemies. Sapling Toss (E) is a great harass and zoning tool but has a long cast and is pretty unreliable. His ultimate is a bit clunky to cast (somewhat of a short range and cast time) and needs a visual cue to show when it's fully charged.
1	Tamat:   >Summoners!  Over the last couple of weeks we’ve been working hard to resolve a few issues that have been affecting your experience in-game. We’ve had our Top Men here at Riot Games killing themselves ever since the Hecarim release to do whatever necessary to fix the problems, including releasing two hotfixes and numerous network infrastructure changes. Our warriors of technology will continue to find and slay these issues impacting your time on the Fields of Justice. We take these issues very seriously and our ultimate objective is an awesome and stable game experience.  We know that these recent issues have created some negative experiences for our players in Europe, and we apologize. As a thanks for your continued patience we’re going to send you a 10-win IP boost. Boosts can take up to 48 hours to make it out to everyone, so sit tight! We anticipate that all boosts should be issued by April 29th at 8pm PST. Please note: only summoners that have played a game in the last 30 days will qualify for this.  Thank you again for your patience, and thank you for playing League of Legends.
0	It's...nerve-wracking to say the least.  As a journalism major, we take all these classes such as "Media Ethics and Law" about how righteous news means truthful, objective news.  We all strive to be the respectable reporter.  Then, we reach the "real world" and realize it's morality versus money; and morality doesn't keep you from starving.   The one video that scared the hell out of me was from a news agency in Florida that spent weeks filming an expose (add accent) about a commercial farm (that made cartons for schools) whose milk had tons of chemicals. Last minute, it got pulled because of some financial matters between the agency and the farm.  The reporters fought, saying this needed to be aired, that the public needed to know this. The agency responding by barring them from ever mentioning the incident or face the consequence of termination and fines.  The reporters took the chance and the agency followed through with their threats; a lawsuit went all the way to the Florida Supreme Court, but they sided with the news agency.
1	what i like:  Fixed several issues that occur when reconnecting  Eve rework  Twitch rework  Xin rework  Parley now refunds half the mana cost if Parrrley kills the target( he needed it)  Malphite nerf(hopefully ill be able to stop banning him every game)  Malzahar changes(voidling dance op, god tier for sure)  Shen ki strike nerf  Xerath (now playable again)   what i dislike:  R.I.P AP Trist, you will be remembered  gold item nerf( Mid and top are starting to use them so lets nerf if for eveyone including support and jungler rather than making them sell for 0 to prevent people stacking them without actually upgrading. )   Neutral:  Nocturne ult nerf  Morg black shiled(the nerf was fine but why increase the range...)
0	I assume anyone who thinks these rules are still important once they're an adult is not worth dating. It's a filtering mechanism designed to avoid later on having to listen to horoscopes or whatever other bullshit they'd deem important. I'd rather date someone who's smart.
0	This is gonna blow your mind: some people don't want crotch fruit! "Oh, unconditional luuuuv. It's so great! You wouldn't understand." Fuck off. Love is conditional on the parents not being cunts. You think an abused kid unconditionally loves its parents?!
0	Doesn't bring as much entertainment or value to reddit as OC would. And that's why there's an argument. If we're so complacent that we let reposting happen, then reddit will eventually be so recycled and lacking of real content that it will go the way of every failed content farm before it. Maybe all the users will leave reddit for 9gag.
1	Ugh. Everyone clamoring for the old ELO system clearly does not remember it clearly. Because the algorithm was still hidden, there were literally CONSTANT complaints about the way it worked, because you could go on a 4 win streak and gain ~20 elo and then lose 17 in one loss which would throw you on tilt and cause a second loss and you end up lower than when you started.   With the league system's normalized lp gains, you get a much more understandable number to match with your skill,  even if it's not perfectly correlated with your MMR . You will not understand your elo number. You will win games and gain 30 and wonder why and lose games and lose 30 and be enraged.   And everyone who claims that its more satisfying to be on the big ladder is absolutely lying. Your position on the ladder was meaningless unless you were like top 1000. You would jump and be jumped at random and because of the way elo worked, it was actually more difficult to grind it out.   As for what I would like to see, I like the league system. I think that promotion between divisions is a bit unnecessary. Between tiers is absolutely necessary though. In season 3 I decayed from silver to bronze from not playing. It was literally the most difficult climb I've had to do. I failed the promotion to silver 7 times before I made it. But dear god. That 8th time. I earned it. It was easily one of my top 5 league moments. Better than my promotion to gold and better than my promotion to plat. It was beautiful. I would never want them to take that away. If they had the Elo system back, it would have been different. I would have made it out of bronze elo faster, but I also would have been far less satisfied with my climb. To the point when I may not have pushed myself to make plat. So I love tier promos. And honestly I think it's the division promos that people get mad about. So yeah technically I want a modified system, but if they brought back elo, I would quit. Climbing is my favorite thing about playing. I like fucking around in normals with friends, but that's a very occasional thing.
1	the guy who does the
0	Yeah I know that feel.. Personally, I hate when my father father punches me in the face repeatedly when I refuse to accept his money.   lol.   But in all seriousness, as an individual that had to grind his whole way through college, whilst working a p/t job, and commuting over an hour to school everyday I will admit in the beginning I was pretty bitter about all my friends having it easier than me.   But looking back, it was worth it. I learned through my hard times to never stay complacent, work hard, expect nothing, and take what you want out of life. But more than anything else I figured out that college is not the real world; it's merely a figurative 'ticket to the game'.   Since graduating, I now out earn and have bested all of my other friends in finance who had the big bank internship experiences that I couldn't afford.   My advice? Stop accepting what isn't earned unless absolutely necessary. If your parents can pay for tuition, take it. But if you're letting them pay for your clothes, food, beer, books, and leisure time you're doing yourself a disservice in the long run.
0	He looks like Nicholas Cage... In my opinion he got sent back to kill his former self for producing his terrible movies which eventually inspires terrorists around the world to produce more movies based on terrible acting. As he arrives back in time, something happens to him and he loses his memory. Now he's destined to live the rest of his life wondering who he is and never knowing what his younger self is going to unleash unto this world..This is all only a theory tho :/
1	I don't get it either.  Just buy it in the first 4 days where it is less than a legendary skin and you will get something that really is worth more.  I don't know when the last legendary skin was released, but the time that last legendary spend in development is nothing compared to the time PFE did. Riot put a lot of effort into this because they finally  did not want to disappoint  the community.  Surely there is  no one  saying "Oh... I expected more from this skin". This skin is by far the best they made.
1	There is no counterbuild, there is no adaptation, there is NO DEPTH in the items department.   Really? There are absolutely items that counter other items (BotRK vs Warmogs, Last Whisper vs Thornmail). The correct item build also varies greatly depending on the enemy team comp. ADC is the only role that really has "cookie cutter" builds, but that's because you're trying to maximize DPS with no regard for defense. Of course your build path is going to be stale if your only goal is to do as much damage as possible.   >
0	OH MY GOD, I have an amazing story for this one.   So my coworker was on the phone with some tech support line. They're reading out some product key, and I overhear the best thing ever.  I thought I heard him (guy on the other end) say 'q for cucumber' so we both kinda looked at each other questioningly, and he starts giggling, and asks him 'really, q for cucumber?'  Replied with: 'yes, q as in cucumber.'
1	I don't get TSM banning Elise and then first picking Lucian. TSM is 5-0 with Elise and 1-5 with every other jungler.
1	Hey everyone, my IGN is Johnston Osagie. Some of you may recognize me since I make these PvS's almost daily. I do my best to make sure the lower elo player experience is optimal by kicking cancer players and just trying to be as helpful as possible overall. Sometimes I even like to mix up the teams as players on both ends of the spectrum, people sometimes agree that's its vastly more helpful. The only thing I have to add, is that what I've noticed from playing A LOT of these is that the people who tend to take away from it and actually REALLY REALLY improve are the level headed players who don't freak out because they get smashed or they have an afk. It's a custom in a pretty cancer game. So naturally you're gonna have bad experiences sometimes. Also some plats and diamonds are just there to smash. I think it's just one of those things that's not for everyone.
0	I declined an offer to a uni first because I didn't know what I wanted to do, didn't have the money, and it was the best decision I ever made. I can't stand the people who trash talk community college. I saved so much money, all my professors taught at other really good schools like ucla and Loyola Marymount college, and I had a lot more options to change my mind about my major. All my friends on the east coast still have that bias against community colleges and think they're just for people who aren't smart enough to get in a "real" school but in California they have a transfer program that feeds directly into the big universities. Now that I'm at a UC I literally haven't met anyone who didn't go to a CC first. Save your money kids! You'll get just as good of an education, you have smaller classes where your Professors actually know your name and your not being taught by some TA who you're paying $2,000 for with no experience and it's a much better transition from high school into a four year school.
0	They did not play many popular songs, the ones they did play had horrible timing and sounded off. As a main act they did not include the audience much and they seamed to be set up like an opener. They had no flag/back drop, nothing besides a weak light show. the only prop they brought in was a sword that did not fit with the song. it seamed like they where just there to get their money and leave. They couldnt have cared less about the fans.
0	I don't give a fuck about gender, if you cheat then honestly stop kidding yourself and date another cheater as well, you two will be happily ever after.   Why? Because the worst part of cheating is the trust issues that manifest after. I have been cheated on multiple times, and I can't even begin to explain the damage it does to a person on emotional level, but the worst part is that now that I am in a committed relationship, I can't stop having doubts and insecurities, and it really fucking hurts to just be thinking about someone you've committed yourself to in such a shitty light. I can't even control it, I just feel so much at a loss whenever my mind starts racing about "when is she going to hurt me"...
1	Here's the thing, I fucking love LoL but don't have that much time to play. I've been playing a few games consistently for about a year and a half and only have around 800 games played total.   I'm a pretty solid player, though I have my bad games. I never played ranked in season one, and waited until I had mastered at least a few champs for every roll (other than my main role of AP mid which I can competativley play around 10) and had rune pages before I jumped in ranked.   I won 6 straight when I went in to ranked, and after a month of playing one or two games a day if I'm lucky I got to about 1450 and was pretty excited. Over the past few weeks though, I have dropped to barely 1300. I lead my team 9/10 times, help my lanes, NEVER rage or do anything but help, have been told countless times by the other team that I was a good player, and have even had my team apologize to me.   I firmly believe I could play competently in 1700+ ELO, but due to the fact that I can only play a hand full of games a week holds me back. When you lose that one ranked game for the day, there is no coming back, you can't review what you did wrong and then do better next time, because all the emotion and mental preparation is gone by the time I get to play next.   Sometimes there is literally nothing you can do to gain ELO, and the only fluxuation is by total luck. I don't believe in ELO hell, but I do believe that the lower your ELO is, the less people care or know how to play the game. This exists at all ELO but the chances of being put on a team with those people is exponentially higher at low ELO.   The biggest things I notice are lack of wards and lack of farm. I don't understand why 2/5 players on my team at least don't care about farming at all. They go full tilt against their enemy until one of them is dead regardless of matchups or junglers and end up with 80 cs at 25 minutes. This is silly, even at 1350 ELO.   Another huge thing is jungling. I'll see lanes (mostly bot) complain about lack of jungle ganks or presence, yet they fail to realize that there are several wards and it is very difficult for a jungler to gank that lane, and his time would better be spent between top and mid.   Likewise I see that people seem to not grasp that some champions are nigh impossible to gank and it is far better to let that lane farm unless they are so extended it is a gauranteed kill. (Ahri, Kassadin, etc).   Anyway sorry for my rant, but
1	Go YouTube, find riot games Korea. Watch the summer lessons video. Go see what jungler you want to learn first. Then go find a comprehensive guide on the champ at website like solomid. The good ones will tell you where to gank from. Jungle comes from experience. Watch more, analyse more, practice more. Typical dueling jungles are stronger. I.e. xz, vi, elise. But it all comes down to knowing how much your champ can take.
0	Or let people do whatever the hell they please. It's not like they are tattooing on  your skin . Something like a reddit based tattoo on someone you don't even know shouldn't even register on your radar. Why? Simply because it's no one's business to judge what someone else puts on their skin. It might mean something to the individual.
1	Cait has pretty much a free lane win against all adcs, the only adc she has even a slight issue dealing with is jinx, and varus who hasn't even seen any play in over 2 years and cait can just shove jinx under tower the entire lane phase. She's fine where she is, she's probably the safest adc in the game that also has a strong late game.   She also has great lane synergy with sona, janna, nami, blitzcrank, annie and morgana. You just can't go wrong with hee
0	I don't understand. I studied from 9pm to 7am for a chem final, slept for about an hour and a half, took a different, easier final, came back and slept for a couple more hours, studied from 1pm to 7pm and took my chem final at 8:30pm. My grade on the final was a 62%. After studying for so long, I felt pretty confident and digested the information well, and no, I wasn't tired during the exam.
1	I think you're confused. If TSM banned Lee, there were other options for Crumbzz to play. And you let QT on the best disengage adc that's his strongest champ. They couldn't stop the 4 from being taken out of the game by Dig, but they did secure two top picks, however, they took Shyvana and Lulu which was poor scouting. If they watched the LMQ game they would never have picked Lulu vs. Shiphtur's Ziggs, and they would never allow Zion on Jax. It's only possible to ban out 1-2 players for each team, Dig banned out Amazing and TSM tried banning out Shiphtur (Not possible atm) and securing the best engage top lane pick in this meta. And if you're saying they should've banned Lee Sin and let Dig pick up Lucian. They would've still lost, because quite frankly the team fights would've still gone the same way, and the game was just a stall fest anyway so Crumbzz Lee Sin was simply to secure early game as equal, which other junglers can do.
1	I can say that they don't need to do this just to attract new players but to retain old ones as well. I uninstalled League a few days ago because I realized two things:   1) My rune setups all became incredibly out of date with the last patch (I had armor yellows for every page and basically nothing else available, lifesteal quints for when I played marksmen, and so on).   2) I would have to spend several  weeks  playing league to update them, since I only could play 1-3 games per day tops thanks to college taking up a good chunk of my time.   That plus me getting tired of putting at least one player on ignore  every game I played  meant that I had literally no desire to play. Hell, the last time I played was two games when URF came out, and before that was an ARAM back in 4.2 or 4.3.
1	Something similar happened to me in ranked,was playing support ( always bought 4/5 wards ) and everytime we got 4v2 at bot (their mid and jungle coming all the time,once even the top laner came). Everything was warded but they dove us everytime and got free kills. What mid and top do ? Apart from not coming/not pushing/not taking their jungle/not attacking turret; they blamed bot lane for dying 2v4 and saying we feed because I never ward (even though there were always 3 wards up).
0	I know a guy who used to work at Microsoft, and he explained it to me. They're technically called the Watson reports, and their structure is actually really cool. When a program crashes, it takes the call stack of the exception that was thrown, the application name, and the version, and creates a unique "fingerprint" for that particular crash. Each set of unique crashes are put into a "bucket," and as more crashes occur, the buckets start to fill up. There's a tracking database where crashes are sorted out by which ones are most common. So then teams set commitments that say things like "fix half of the crashes in the service pack," and since when they're sorted it shows what percentage of crashes that one bucket accounts for it may only mean fixing a couple types of crashes. For instance, the most common type of crash in the biggest bucket may account for 17% of all crashes, whereas ones at the bottom of the stack may only happen once... ever. So then the team fixes enough crashes to account for 50% of crashes. When they want more information about a crash, they can request more information so the next time someone hits that bucket, it'll actually send more detailed information than just the call stack so 99% of crash reports you send actually only serve to be included in statistics but some are actually useful, especially if you notice the crash report takes longer to send than usual.   Hope this explanation helped!
1	I really don't feel like these are the changes that Elise needs. I think she would be best served by being an ap bruiser. What she needs is better tank scaling. I don't want her to have more damage because let's face it, at the height of her power, Elise was crazy hard to deal with. What I hate about Elise right now is that she lacks a mid and late game identity. All she is good for past level 5 is setting picks. She doesn't scale well into late game in her current iteration. What I would really like to see is a change to her R that makes her gain additional armor/mr while in spider form with each point put into R. I feel like this would give her the stats she needs late game to get into a fight and mix it up while still punishing her if she goes into human form at the right time. What's nice about this is that it both preserves and reinforces her current combo, but gives her a means to actually make use of it in fights.
1	Excellent argument. I would like to preface by saying that I love TSM (specially Oddbro), but I totally respect CLG and will continue to admire them in terms of their play and personalities (even Chauster cuz he doesn't give two fucks and tells it straight up)   What I would like to say is that, while DB/Chauster may have the upperhand in terms of laning phase knowledge and strictly matchup based play, Chaoxpecial have much better team synergy, which IMO beats out any other quality that a botlane should have in terms of winning.   That being said, Doublelift is clearly the best mechanical AD Carry in NA and Chauster is most likely one of the top if not the top support in NA mechanically and in decision making (Xpecial so good tho mang). But with the recent changes in CLG (The 3 Way ((lulz)) between Dig and Crs) has allowed TSM's bot lane to surpass CLG's in decisions,teamfighting, adjustments, objectives, and everything that enables teams to win. I have a strong inclination though that after Korea CLG.NA will be fucking scary as Hotshot has pointed out in the Travis interview.   And in judging simply who is better PLAYER...that is very very subjective simply due to the team nature of the game. To do that you would have to look at who contributes more to their respective team in terms of winning . If you're going by pure ability to fucking hardcore carry the shit out of your team potential through plays mang then I would say Doublelift beats out Chaox handily. HOWEVER, you have to consider the fact that Chaox makes the picks and bans for TSM (albeit with heavy team input but he usually is the deciding factor) along with being one of the most consistent/ if not the most consistent AD Carry in the game.   SO...what you have here is the Mechanics vs Decision Making dilemma.  IMO DB has a better chance of outplaying Chaox, yet at the end of the day (as of now) it won't matter because the chance of Chaox being where he needs to be.   EDIT:
0	Here's my thinking on it; none of the things that person is bitching about are untrue. Some of the allegations against her in particular may be unfounded, but frankly, being voluntarily childfree is a selfish act. It's saying "I don't want to put someone else ahead of myself and my spouse". There's nothing inherently wrong with that line of thinking, but to state that it's unselfish is maddeningly wrong.   I get that people who disagree with them shouldn't be judgemental assholes, but you know what? If you're going to associate with a group who are insanely negative towards people who have kids, who by and large do so so that they can go on vacation, not have to care for a small human being, or have a bigger TV, or nice cars, or whatever their reasons may be, you're also giving up your right to bitch about being painted with the negative stereotype brush, just as people on the flipside of the coin give up their right to bitch when a bunch of childfree folks paint them with the brush of being breeders, overpopulators, or whatever other bullshit they like to sling back is.
1	In my opinion the reason why people dont watch support is because the learning curve for the CHAMPION is not that high, but what people do no realize is that spontaneous decision making is the highest aspect playing a good support. I respect all the high level support players as a person who also prefers to play support, and hope that people realize that one slight decision that a support makes could save the carries from dying.   With that said I actually watch solo top players, because I can learn HOW high level players play them, and mimicking them actually improves my performance. For example, I have been eyeing on Riven and was going to buy her when I get enough IP, but bought her with her 50% sale with RP. I immediately played a game with her and went on to dominate my opponents with 0 prior experience from just WATCHING how to play her.   However with supports, since the champions itself has a low learning curves, if there is no commentary on internal thought process, people would not be able to learn the subtle spontaneous decision makings. Without them, the stream is seems dry since it seems like I am watching something that is repetitive until mid game, and I am not really inspired to watch for 20 min of lane phase for 10~20 min mid~late game phase with 0 commentary or 0 humor.   I love watching Nhat Nguyen because even though he provides not much commentary about HIS decision making, his humor and his sometimes non serious humorous games make it fun to watch and listen to him.
0	TIP: when you are finished your smoke instead of flicking it on the ground or throwing it in the trash and risking a fire, put your still burning butt back in your pack, it will smoulder out when you close the pack and you can toss the butt safely in the garbage later. Your pack will smell like an ashtray until you dispose of the butt, but as a smoker you already smell like an ashtray so no biggie. I smoke and no matter how much I wash my hands, chew gum etc, I still smell like a cigarette. This works for partial smokes when your break is cut short and you dread the financial loss of tossing an almost full smoke. When I put a lit cig in my pack people look at me like I'm a crazy pyro, but it extinguishes quickly.
1	Regardless of feelings on either side of the debate, odds are that solo queue is here to stay.  However, rather than its existence being its main fault, I feel the importance placed on solo queue Elo is the true issue.  With enough incentive (special badges, summoner icons, skins, champion design/input opportunities, item naming privileges, etc.), there is no reason ranked 5's should not become the main metric and bragging point within the community.   Furthermore, if the prize pool continues to grow and tournaments for Lol continue to appear (especially smaller scale tourneys), the importance of premade 5's will grow, regardless of the incentives offered by Riot.
0	No one will ever "understand women" because there's nothing to understand. The problem with this thinking is that it assumes 50% of the population is a homogeneous group with one viewpoint, one set of beliefs, etc (same goes for men, of course).  Do you act like a bro-dude frat boy?  You don't?   Do you conclude that men are strange and bizarre creatures?   This is simply in-group vs out-group thinking.  You assume the people in the other group think and act en masse, while you see variation and individuality in your own group.  And, you attribute behaviors of the out-group members to her "out-groupness", so to speak (ie, to her gender), and attribute behaviors of men to the individual.
1	There is something similar to the "EA effect" going on here. This is where  every time there is a new release everyone get upset and equates the company to hitler all the while buying all the things that they complain about. Riot is a great company in my honest opinion but they still have obligations to their equity holders (aka make dat $$$$). So you can see why there is not a sense of urgency on their end for east coast improvements. Riot  has a history of being calculated which results in delayed releases (or even announcements of releases). Currently its clear their focus is in developing the LCS and esports as a whole and when you add the politics that ISP's are playing now I can sympathize with not wanting to commit too a server relocation.
1	Don't die.   This is the most important thing to know about the game. If you give up first blood and/or start dying you become discouraged and play worse.   Play it safe. If an ally is about to die (1 ally v 2+ enemies) and you are close by, let them die. Better that the enemy only gets one kill rather than two.   Don't go into bushes if you don't know where the enemy is (hit tab and if their picture isn't lit up you don't have vision).   Don't be overly aggressive and don't spam your abilities in lane, that's not what they're for (unless you are playing a champ who is supposed to spam like Ryze or Cass and even then you have to know  when  to spam).   Mana management is important. Don't take clarity as a crutch. I used to, and as a result it took me way too long to learn proper mana management. This comes with experience, and some champs are easier than others in this regard (Anivia is a bitch).   [Last hit.]( This is difficult to do at low levels since people are way over aggressive in lane. Try your best. Farm wins games.   Knowing how much damage you can do and how much damage you can take comes with experience. There's not much you can do about learning which champs beat others until you've played those matchups. This takes time. You can only get so much from a guide or video. Firsthand experience is best.   Also if you do die don't fight the enemy 1v1 after. They have a gold advantage and xp advantage which means you will most likely lose.
1	I think people watch streams for two reasons:  Learning and Entertainment . On average I think it's at least 2/3 about entertainment and only 1/3 about learning.   The learners are basically satisfied by people explaining everything in detail, by showing off their runes, telling why they max which skill, why this item or that, what went wrong in that teamfight, and so on and so forth. So basically just explain the game to the viewers.   Now fulfilling the entertainment is a little harder, as not all people are the same. I think it's best to have something of everything. A bit of raging and trashtalking with exaggeration (think of OddOne), a bit of stating funny things, laughing (Dyrus does that a lot), even telling people of your life. Of course it's also about doing great plays, but basically every top-player-streamer does that.   For your stream in specific... I think first of all you need to talk more. No matter about what, in fact. It can be the Scarra-like teacher-style, it can be the OddOneish "Viktor-you-useless-piece-of-shit-style", it can be "oh-my-god-lol-style" from Dyrus, it can be like super-raging, no matter what. Just talk. And I'd advise you to address the viewers with your talks. But you know that.   As there aren't many support-players streaming, but there surely are some people interested in learning, it would be cool if you could just stream support-games and explain in detail what you do. Like itembuild, runes, masteries, poking in lane, cv-ing here and there, warding, ... and always explain why.   Another thing you really lack is music. If you don't talk it's just... silence. If you don't hear like Dyrus in the background (so why not be entertained by Dyrus-stream then, right?).. If say OddOne or Dyrus doesn't talk for a minute, there is still music, the game-sounds are loud enough. This is actually a lot less boring than... silence. ;-)   Now last talk about your life. There is TSM-house. Even if guys aren't TSM-fans it is fun to hear all the shit going on there. Just mention some anecdotes from time to time. And you have a girlfriend who is probably known to stream-watchers as well, so why not talk about her pregnancy or whatever. Again, it's about entertaining people.   I don't think it's neccessarily about the role you play, though people seem to prefer watching top-laners (which I personally cannot understand) and junglers.
1	Laning phase he is very strong, I will agree with you on that with his ability to gank, and his strong poke, but during team fights he can't really do much except poke with his Q. Most likely late game he won't be tanky so he can't initiate as well.
1	To me ZoroZero is the best fit. He's played with Dexter, so I think there is a good chance for smooth transition (and the silver lining is that if he has VISA issues - guess who subs in: NIEN!). In what appears to be a more competitive NA LCS Summer split for top 3 and spots for Worlds on the line. We could see LMQ getting in, Dig getting a star midlaner (?), Curse continue to build synergy and teamwork (they got better after BunnyFufu and are giving the top teams some long games, only a matter of time till they start winning a couple of them), as well as Coast having the threat of some really talented playmakers if they're still in LCS, you can expect them to steal some games.   So, you can't really afford to have a slow start to the split and expect to have a good seed going into the playoffs. And in best of threes, usually the higher seed wins these things, first pick matters. In NA, lower seed only won one series (Curse over Dig) and in EU lower seed only won best of three once (ROCCAT over Alliance for 3rd place). That is 10 Bo3 series won by the higher seed and only 2 by the lower. Better team or not, its hard to win against a team that has first pick and played you twice and has figured out your priorities and type of team comp you want to run and the ability to focus their bans a bit better.
1	I apologize. I just read through the whole comment thread again and figured out you were asking actual legit questions you really wanted answers for and not in the same arrogant, know-it-all vein as the OP. I read your "can you explain a DDoS attack as your being like "show me how this works cause I don't believe you have any idea." I was very much in the wrong and became the arrogant POS I seemed to vanquish and that makes me wrong.   However, I stand by my answer that they are lacking reason to do anything more than they already have because of cost being prohibitive to protect against a more unlikely than likely scenario.
1	Couples should never lane together unless its bot games (or they start to synergize well enough to do so) this is not your case. Separate your lanes completely for the time being.   Your goal to lower your deaths should be as low as possible especially during the start of the game. I usually go for under 5 deaths for the entire game, it might mean I don't get the kill sometimes but I at least force them out of lane or out of the fight. 7 deaths to me is just outright bad. Once I hit 7 I feel like I'm doing really bad and need to tighten up on my playing during that game.
1	It works the same way as alistars W. It cannot interact with other movement spells. It is not displacement but a spell that repels the enemy a specific range back from poppy.
0	I feel like a lot of factors go into this.   Blaming guns is a quick and easy fix. We live in a rather instant society, we want the problem fixed  now  even if its just covering the real issue. Like a band aid versus stitches. Band aids are cheap, they cover the wound and you dont have to think about it. Stitches although a better choice, takes longer and involves more foresight. More attention is required. Kind of like setting up a working mental health care system.   Then there is the whole stigma of mental health. People don't seek help because of this and we still try to brush it under the rug; even though its a very real thing that needs addressing. Also most seem to thing just popping a pill makes the problem go away.   Finally we're coming up on some more political years here. Campaigning is going to start soon for 2016. Healthcare and gun control are some hot button topics along with financial situations among social classes. Which all take a part in this particular incident. The pressure is on for what Obama will do in the ending of his term and who will do what in the coming term. This is just another example for politicians to sadly shake their heads and blame the other side while making wild promises for the future, bolstering their own campaign.
0	However ethics and science go hand in hand, through short a term evolution. Going to be up front and say this is a hypothesis still but it makes sense.   Bear with me   Ethics are a result of a certain brain wiring(genetic nature) supplemented with nurture from surrounding environment.   Throughout human history, especially in early civilizations, honest "good" men were more likely to be used, framed and killed, then cunning a deceitful men. Also cunning women were more likely to attract a mate than good natured ones, once women stopped being "owned" that is. So the genetic trait of bad ethics was more likely to be passed down than that of good ethics.   There are plenty of variables I'm leaving out, and a lot more evidence i.e. dishonorable people in japan were despised by the world and not likely to reproduce, and the japanese still collectively hold honor in high regard today.   However this is a good summary of it.   EDIT:
0	I don't know that person, but working a job one doesn't want to is probably the story of most of the world. When they start to take away things that were once givens, you'll get backlash or bitching like this. On top of how an average worker is pressed all year around, an out on a holiday, not just taking it without complaining, would have been so useful. What else will be taken next?  Money talks though ,as we've probably seen all of our lives. While some can just take it.
0	We picked up a drunk guy once and gave him a ride home. It was cold out (December I think) and it was a slow night. The guy was friendly as hell and said he was too drunk to drive. So we dropped him off at his house and went on our way. About an hour later we get a call from dispatch to respond to a domestic dispute in progress, and sure as shit, the same guy we gave a ride home was beating his wife. So, needless to say, new department policy prohibited us from giving any more vehicle escorts.
1	To be honest, I report people the most when I see in chat, that they say they are playing bad on purpose for one reason or another.  Mainly, cause I don't want to play with them again.  Half the time, the person states in chat very clearly, that they are feeding on purpose, even if it is only 5 deaths, one or two of those deaths may be at a critical moment, and they just laugh it off / say in chat "LOL dying is fun" then we lose 2 turrets and can't recover.  So tired of it, most games I play someone dies 5-8 times before 10 min mark, then just trolls, sometimes manages to steal 4 kills before we can surrender, and people in tribunal think they tried.  I've judged 100 or so cases, and I know that if you read chat / actually look at the reports you can tell if it was a troll or not.
0	The biggest difference between the two is the delivery mechanism. Regardless if both happen to contain similar amounts of caffeine, I've come to learn that people flip out over how the drug is introduced to one's body if it is not the "normal" way that is socially accepted. Pills = Medicine, Coffee = A normal daily drink.  It's the wrong way to look at it.   I quit smoking over 2 years ago now and switched to an electronic cigarette. After watching so many studies come out on how the vapor is absolutely harmless to any bystanders and then see state governments banning their use in the same places cigarettes are, I just shake my head. If I wore a nicotine patch or chewed some nicotine gum then everything would be fine.  Exhale some odorless vapor or even pleasant smelling vapor that looks like smoke and everyone loses their minds.
1	So if you're aware of missing CS, don't you think that we supports would be more aware that we don't have enough wards out? We know how to do our jobs, just as an ADC knows how to do theirs.   The reason we get so touchy about it is because sometimes we get more shit than junglers do when they can't gank a lane. Only we get it when we take CS when the ADC isn't even there, when our wards get destroyed, when we get killed in a teamfight while helping the ADC live, when initiating what would have been a good fight if the team had just gone in, when we can't afford an oracle's, when we wander to help other lanes that need it more or basically any other bullshit reason to vent on the one person that's labeled as the "team bitch".   We are supports. We support you. We help you get to the point where YOU can carry the rest of us. What are you without us? If you take supports for granted or harp on them too much, they will leave you. There are times where the random ADC I was paired with doesn't listen to my warnings/pings and then rages in all caps about how I didn't  say anything when I clearly did. There are times where I've put up with this, other times I simply wandered to top lane instead to take that tower. To be honest, I don't believe I have to stick with the ADC all game long. I don't believe that I have to hold bot lane's hand because most times they know what they're doing or how they need to play. That means them free-farming at tower for a minute while I go get mid a few kills on occassion.   Furthermore, the people that main support won't normally comment on your ability as an ADC, since it's most likely that they were once an ADC main as well. Shitty supports are the reason I main support now. If you miss a minion, we won't comment on it because we know that you know you missed it. Bringing it to attention will just make you angry, and thus less willing to cooperate with us when it comes time to fight. Harshing your mellow is just something I'd rather not do if it means that it'll put you off your game.
1	Broken yasuo can be beaten only by even more broken kassadin-
0	Excuse me, I shouldn't have said profession, I meant a craft.  If you are looking to make money learn a craft and sell your services.  Oh wait I forgot people don't know how to make things or are too lazy and undisciplined to do so.  So they are regressed into mediocrity, and have a choice of three options; pay for college, work your balls off for someone else, or join the military and be a "hero". Being a soldier is not a legit profession, I'm sorry.  Yes, you can make a career our of the military, but its a horrible thing to do.  You essentially are asking to be a  pawn.  Do you know what happens to a pawn in chess games?  And the fact that being a soldier is a regular job doesn't bother you in the least?   I never wanted to convey to you that being a soldier is NOT a profession.  I wanted to convey that for the reasons it even exists as a profession is not a way to make your daily bread and contribute to humanity.  Perhaps being a soldier under different circumstances could be a better contribution to humanity, such as personal protection for the people back at home and only on the home front.  So long as being a soldier means to go to another land, I do not support it's cause what so ever.  I'm fine with preparation, and its for that reason that many other countries do mandatory military service, so that should another country invade, as a citizen you will be well prepared.  If our freedom was really at steak then the fight would be on our turf, and then and only then could I condone a soldiers profession.  The discipline, is a nice factor into creating a warrior, but  its not all sunshine and rainbows.  Combat veterans come out with horrible symptoms of post traumatic stress AND get treated like shit by their own country.  THAT is supposed to be a profession?   Also you have to understand what it means to work a job today.  It mainly means working for someone else, meaning that they OWN you, somewhat like a slave but its voluntary.  You pretty much sell your self.  I honestly feel that is a violation against humanity to give us 3 options out of high school WITHOUT preparing us with technical skills.  But I digress,
0	I'll make an attempt to explain this in a dramatized story format.   I grew up in subsidized housing. The kids there don't have money. 17 years old and don't have a bank account? Common. Their clothes are all hand-me-downs or thrift shop buys. It's not even "I buy a pair of jeans for $5 when a  really  nice pair comes in". It's more like "My jeans just got torn up beyond repair this time. I don't have other pants. I need to buy the nicest pair of jeans they have there for $5 right now."   They have literally  never  worn new clothes. You know that feeling you get when you put new socks on? They don't.   But then they land a part time job processing chicken meat for $11/hr. They have a full stomach, freshly-washed clothes, and $40 in cash. That's a pretty god damn good feeling. They finally 'made it'! And they want something that's brand new for the first time in their life.   Jeans? $150. Shirt? $50. Shoes? $90. But a hat? $15.   They buy the hat and want to tell people that it's brand new. Sticker on, brim straight. Keep it like that for as long as possible because you want people to know that you've got $10 to your name and that you feel on top of the world because of it. You might be poor. But at least you're not broke.   They know it's low-brow. They know people won't respect them more because of it. They don't care. They worked hard to exceed their financial goals (helping mum pay rent on time, not having to go to the Sally-Ann or the church's food bank) and they want people to know.
0	This is untrue.   There are multiple organizations that certify people in CPR, First Aid, and other stuff. Among others, These include American Red Cross, American Heart Association, and Emergency Care and Safety Institute.   While theoretically anyone could start a CPR business and print themselves a card, it wouldn't meet the requirements for many jobs that DPH specifically puts in place for CPR training. For instance, to work as an EMT in Massachusetts, "Only BLS-CPR and/or ACLS training certificates, issued by recognized training institutions, that include BOTH didactic and practical skills training and evaluation, are considered to be valid"
0	I walked into my parents room once asking to borrow the car (few months before I moved out), and heard Yes, thinking it's an answer for the door, it wasn't.   My father then proceeds to laugh, and yell out, "HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT HUH!??!", then told his whole office, and they made a poster about walking into your parents having sex (Graphics Design company).   Most scaring incident of my life, not to mention the constant reminder that every time I go over I see this poster, framed on the wall.
1	Formatted : ^^sorta   >I've been playing computer games since the first time my older brother taught me how to play starcraft.  I lived in an abusive home until I was 14.  Books and computer games like Starcraft, Diablo, and Warcraft were always my only escape.   >I moved to live in Vegas when I was 14.  My mom is my hero, she saved me from my father and stepmother and she got me into sports so I would develop some social skills and a better self-esteem.  Eventually LoL and working out became the only things that saved me from the brink of depression and self-loathing that was caused by my awful childhood.   >About a year and a half ago, I got in a bad car accident with a drunk driver.  I hit my head and got a bad concussion and my mind hasn't felt as sharp since.  My left wrist, elbow, and shoulder were messed up pretty bad from me trying to soften the impact.  My back was messed up as well.  As a result of this, I was unable to work out.(not sure if it's impacted my gaming abilities)  I lost almost all the strength in my upper and lower body.  Over about a year and a half, countless hours of physical therapy, a short painkiller addiction, and stomach problems from anti-inflammatory pills, I hadn't made much progress to recover.  I went from 195 pounds of mostly muscle to about 160 with a lot of fat that only made me look at myself worse.  On top of that, because the other driver was at fault, my health insurance refused to cover my medical bills.   >I spent all my savings and barely put a dent in my emergency room bills alone.  Without that money, I had to put off finishing college.  (I had been in college since I was 16.) Because of all this, I sunk into a pretty bad depression.  I would try to go running and my back would feel like it had a knife in it after less than a mile and I'd just get angrier.  I'd try to lift weights and wasn't able to even lift what used to be my warmup weight.  Since working out was no longer and option, League of Legends became my main source of distraction from myself.  I started playing more and more and getting better.   >I had watched Trick2G and other streamers for a while and thought how cool it would be to have people that enjoy watching me play this game that I love.  I finally decided to start streaming about a week ago.  I posted on Trick2G's stream that I was live when him, sirhcez, and fatefalls were all offline.  I had maybe 6 or 7 viewers when I did that.  And then about 20 minutes later, I looked at trick's stream to see if he was live, (i keep streams muted when I'm not watching them) and I saw myself on his stream.  In the comments I saw trick2g said "Yo ThorGodofBoom, hosting you now.  Good luck man."  And I turned into purplebeard for a few minutes "oh my gosh trick2g is hosting me!"  And then I had to start a game for my newfound hundreds of viewers.  I was running on like 2 hours of sleep and I didn't play so well, but I don't even care.  Trick and Sirhcez were chatting with each other on MY stream.  I was so nervous and I don't think I've ever been happier.  I told everyone I could think of at the time.  8 hours later, he was about to get on and I got off.  And I just cried because I was so happy.  I haven't had many good things happen to me lately.  And this was probably the best thing I could imagine right now.   >Trick2G didn't have to do this.  I didn't ask for it, or pay him to do it.  He just did it to be nice.  And the fact that he would do that makes me respect him more as a person than I already did.  I've seen him do streams where he takes all the money he got from subscribers and matched it to donate to charity.  I went from 6 followers on my channel to over 70 in one day and 100 views up to over 5k and now I can log in and a few people will start watching me play.  I don't know how many people will read this, but if you haven't seen his stream before, could you go on it right now and tell him he's the best?  If I could get 10 people to just do that, I think I'd feel like I've somehow repayed him for the nice thing he did for someone he doesn't even know.
1	The only way to properly carry with LB is to pvp constantly. You need to win your lane early and gank often. Her lv 1 ult is not on a long cd so kill mid at 6, have blue on and head down to bot and kill them down there. Rinse and repeat. Because after everyone groups up, she isn't going to carry as hard as other aoe mids will. In team fights you really only kill 1 target due to the cd on the ult.
0	I think there is a buffer zone. You don't have to tell someone you like them the second you meet them. Or a day later. Or a week later... You may not even like them till a bit later on anyway. I definitely think there is a point of no return though. If you keep going down the path of friendship, its hard to change course. Once you know for sure that you don't want to be on that path, its up to you to make your intentions known. Or else you will keep down that path and its very very hard to get off of it. This only really works for people who have just met. If you have been friends with someone for years and you finally decide to make the change, its almost guaranteed to be too late.   Long story coming up:   When i originally met my girlfriend we became friends. We hung out sporadically for about 2 months when out of the blue she told me she didn't want to have a boyfriend or date anyone. I was cool with it since I didn't know her much and decided she was a cool friend. I told her I just want to get to know her more so we kept hanging out. About two months after that we had started to hang out alot more and I developed feelings for her. I decided it was best to let her know my feelings, even though she told me she didn't want a boyfriend. I told her the truth, I started having feelings for her and I want to date her to see if we are compatible with each other. I had moved on from being ok with just friends and if she didn't want more that was fine, but it was best if we parted ways for a bit since I would need to collect myself. I gave her time to think and she called me about 2 days later to say she would give me one date and if she wasn't happy with dating then it would be my choice if she continued to be friends. That was over a year ago and we have happily been in a relationship ever since.
0	In my first job when i was 17 I went for a company night out.  Being a dumb 17 year old and unable to hold my drink, i get very very drunk.   My manager feeling a little responsible for my condition took me back to his house to sleep it off.  I proceeded to puke in every room in the house, including his bed and his sister's (they lived together) bed, and then made a drunken 17 year old pass at his sister, followed by vomiting on her as she tried to clean me up.   I woke up in the bath tub the next day, stripped to my underwear, because his sister had decided to wash my clothes.   I stumbled into work 6 hours late (in an 8 hr shift) to find my manager waiting for me.  He calls me into his office, and I am at this point certain that i'm getting fired.   Instead he say 'well I guess you're embarrassed and planning to quit after last nights performance, but we all thought it was awesome, so I've sorted you out a pay raise and a slight promotion to hopefully change your mind.'
1	The thing is: Most don't understand what "Carrying" means.   I myself hate the word with an unreal passion because it implies that a carried person doesn't have to do anything.  In fact though, you won't carry any game where your teammates don't do their job at least decently. That is, not going 0/10 in 10 minutes, rotating around the map correctly and not getting caught frequently at the wrong times (upcoming siege/baron/dragon) and of course, not going AFK or flaming hard.   What many view as "Carrying":   Get all the kills, steal someone's farm if necessary, and 1v5 so hard that your team can't possibly fuck it up for you anymore.   What "Carrying" actually is:   Maximizing your own impact on the game, which can come in a ton of forms: Getting an ally who's had a rough lane back into the game, heavily setting single enemies back (Let's say Syndra in lane, punish and zone them to your fullest potential without opening yourself up to ganks) setting up vision around the right objectives or for picks, ganking/counterganking, shot-calling, keeping team-morale up... and of course individual skills that are needed in order to maximize your champion's strength and compliment your allies' strengths, such as decision-making (example: peel or dive?), map-awareness, mechanics, timing, knowledge of damage and limits (what can you take, what can you do).   Carrying is about setting up plays with and for your team; you can't carry if you neglect your team.   A 1v5 ACE won't net you anything if no lane is pushed and your team is farming the jungle before recalling.
1	You can't go to the grocery store with $20 and buy $25 worth of stuff. The grocery store will also refuse to give you that $5.
0	I mean, true, but for China it is actually a pretty good transition. From Empire to the Warring States period the Communist rule actually did a lot of good. Unified China, broke up control of land by warlords and entrenched elites, did an INCREDIBLE job getting everyone educated and literate, and because it was coming straight from basically feudalism, people were NOT angry that the fruits of their labor were taken away. Having it taken away was the norm, and they were happy to be in a system that at least tried to give it to everybody rather than a few elites. First generation communist societies actually see people really buying in to the ideology and all pitching in. Mismanagement at the top is usually what kills it.   No it's not perfect, no it didn't prevent abuses or mistakes, I am aware of the Great Leap Forward, the Hundred Flowers campaign, Tiananmen Square, but compared to what was going on before, it was still a big step forward.
1	Vamp Scepter is almost universally a bad starting item. Lifesteal isn't a very good early game stat because it requires you to be autoattacking, which is one of the last things you want to be doing in the laning phase. You're getting about 5 and a half health each attack. If you were constantly autoattacking (Which you shouldn't be), you're getting around 19.5 HP/5. This is if you are CONSTANTLY attacking. Ideally, you're making 6 attacks per wave, which is about 33 health each wave. Then take into account enemy actions that can prevent you from attacking, such as zoning, and it becomes even less. This is the only benefit you get from that 450 gold Vamp Scepter. Compare to a Doran's Shield, which is a constant 8 HP/5, AND armor, AND health. Or even any other regen item. A regrowth pendant is 15 gold cheaper than the Vamp Scepter, for a CONSTANT 15 HP/5, regardless of your actions. I'm not a big fan of Doran's Blade, but it at least gives you some health and some damage in addition to the lifesteal, so it is okay. I still prefer the Shield on almost every champion though, but it boils down to personal preference there.
0	Seriously?  He said he was lonely; he didn't say he was suicidal.  If being lonely was grounds for seeking a "mental health professional", I would've been in an institution since 1974.   In addition, it could simply be the difference between introversion and extroversion.  Introverts just don't "get out there" as much as extroverts do, and it doesn't effect them negatively like it does for extroverts.  Probably the biggest reason extroverts don't understand introverts is because extroverts make up as much as 99% of the population.   It is a bad idea to make introverts think there is something wrong with them just because they don't have/make friends.  In fact, it can be damaging to an introvert by forcing/shaming them into social interactions.  I understand this was not your intention, but being an introvert myself, who is already wondering "what is wrong with me that I can't interact with people", your advice just confirms to the introvert that there IS something wrong with them.  That might not be the case.   I don't know if OP is an introvert or not, but this comment and the flux of other that say they will be OP's friend prompted me to say this.   BTW, I'm lonely in a full house or in a crowd, and the reason I gave up on friends if because I'm terrible at making and keeping them; it's easier on everyone to just stay lonely.
1	Ezreal is a strong champion both as AD and as AP. I think this the reason to get him (i mainly like champs that can do at least several roles like Lee/Jayce/Xin/Malph...) so if you ever get bored of bot lane you can go mid for some fresh air. However he's skill-shot based which can be viewed both as a good and a bad thing.
1	Maybe something to try for a lane skarner? Honestly though, that much money would be better spent on defensive items to allow you to stay in the fight. If you build skarner like a glass cannon, you're going to have a bad time.   Also, between skarner's W ms buff and flash, I've never had too much trouble getting that ult off on who I want to.
1	The thing that pisses me off the most is how that could get removed for not being directly related to league of legends, yet this subreddit is consistently filled with shit i dont want to look at like the new fkn teemo or annie skin that will make me some 1337 pl4y3r if i buy it.
0	I just spoke to a Nigerian fisherman who has located a treasure chest but he was just $2,000 short on the funds he needs to rent an ROV and retrieve it.
0	I used to watch Hulu all the damn time. I could have blocked the ads, but I didn't, because I approved of the (at the time) free service they were providing and wanted a free option that was decent in quality and 100% legal.   That all changed when they cranked up the volume on their fucking ads. I would be playing a game while a show was running on my tv, and the second it cut to a commercial I felt like someone had a bullhorn in my ear and was screaming at the top of their lungs. By the time I got out of the game and adjusted the volume, the commercial was nearly over.   I blocked the fuck out of their ads and before long, stopped watching their shit altogether.
1	Without a doubt its a face, if you watch the animation the two upper lights are very well lit while the other dims quickly giving the impression the top two dots represent an eye while the other is a mask.   I'm gonna guess and say its a new totemic-type champion who wears a mask of some kind and possibly is a jungler?   Are we sure he didn't miss a symbol somewhere maybe outside baron pit in the river near the ramp towards Raptors. I was just playing around in paint and the lines all circle dragon pit (as we know its being called Drazza in OCE) and the other is simply a line, but to do the same it has to go around to the rock in river near Baron (which is also having a silly name) perhaps these names are connected or perhaps my crack pipe is a bit overused.
1	While I agree with your point, I feel like the most popular game in the world would have a good shot at having a successful MMO. (If done well)   Edit: >'If done well.' Was I the only one that read that part?   I guess so, because a few people seem to think that its IMPOSSIBLE for a League MMO to ever happen ever, because Riot currently doesn't have the staff/time/interest to work on it. Riot wouldn't even have to do it! They could just oversee it, and have another established company do the nitty gritty.   Honestly, I don't understand the downvotes, at the time I'm fairly certain I was the only one saying that, so it helped the discussion along. I realize that an MMO is incredibly complicated and time consuming to make.   The thing that really really helped WoW get where it got was simply it's popularity. Which I think is why League would TOTALLY have a shot, being an extremely popular game.   But, personally, I think a Singleplayer/Co-op game would totally be enough, have Lore driven campaigns for the more well known champs, if the Lore was in a stable place, and current lore was set in stone, I don't see why it wouldn't eventually be possible.
1	Could you please allow 4v4 on the map? At least in Custom Games?   Sure it's not made for 4v4, but atm there is a giant hole in MOBAs regarding 4v4.   Basically if me and my friends end up being 8 people, we have no choice but to go ARAM or a Summoners Rift 4v4 (which is horrible).   I don't see the harm in allowing us to play TT 4v4 in custom games.   At least give us the option till you guys give us a real 4v4 map?
1	You said it wouldn't improve your experience, while with some short logical thinking you can derive it would be.  Hence my post, because i don't like people making arguments to be annoying.   And now you don't even understand about what I was talking.   I didn't say anything about priorities.  But since I rarely have ping issues I don't care for that.  So yes, personally I think there are higher priorities that would suit my needs better.   That doesn't mean other people could use it to improve their experience.
0	The assumption everyone seems to be making though is that if the house isn't  perfect  when the other person gets home then the stay at home spouse must not have done  anything  all day. When in reality I can pick up toys and wipe tables and floors all day but if my wife gets home while I'm bathing the kids but before I can clean the kitchen from dinner then her (and many redditors,apparently) assumption is that I haven't done anything. It's like seeing a picture of yourself when you were making a weird face, or gesture, if you based your whole opinion of what you looked like from that single picture you would conclude you were ugly or awkward or whatever...but you aren't ALWAYS making a weird gesture or facial expression so the reality is very different.
0	Something similar happen, I was walking around my campus one day with my friends, when suddenly I was stopped by a woman asking for 60$ because she parked on a red lined curb and it's out of gas/it won't move. She then said that she needed gas to drive her father to the hospital since you know....her dad has cancer and needed  INSULIN SHOTS . Anyways, I decline for obvious reasons and she got pissed. So she directed to my friend instead to give her the 60$+40$ because the women's dad needed "insulin shots" for his "cancer". Here's the problem my friend is a soft hearted person, heck he didn't even want to give her the money, but she would not refuse to leave without something. He gave her the money promising to pay it back the next day.   I proceed to tell my friend that this is a scam, but I was abruptly interrupted by the women with the exact word "shut the fuck up". She grabbed the money with haste knowing that I was on to something and booked it saying thanks as she ran to her with her dieased father to the car and literally drove away.
0	two much older guys in a car did this to me when I was 17 and had just gotten my truck, only they did it with a cup of tabacco spit.   they were in a shitty 2nd gen DSM, and I was in a 77 F300. I smashed into their drivers side so hard that my passenger corner of my bumper tore into their drivers A pillar and broke out their windshield and probably totaled the car. as I sped off they jumped out of their car to survey the damage and I slammed on the brakes and put it in reverse and slammed into them so hard both my rear tires went of their hood. I was trying to run them over and kill them. I chased them in circles around their car until they caused me to hit another car and I stopped to wait for police. at first they tried to charge me with attempted vehicular homicide, but it all wound up getting dropped when they whole story came together and the cup of chaw spit could be classified as assault and one of the throwers was on diversion, so if he filed, I would file and he would go to jail regardless. so it all got dropped.
0	I agree with this! My wife is super attractive and in great shape and loves me to no end, but I'm the fat one. I had the thought like, "Hey I already have an amazing beautiful girl here who loves me even though I'm fat, why should I change." But I realized it's selfish and now I'm getting in shape for her because she deserves to have someone who is sexy like her.
0	Sounds like it's time to Alpha the fuck up and teach her how this works.
1	MMR is tied to WINs and WINs are tied to SKILL
0	My parents totally would do this. They found our toys once a few years back, but fortunately we were in the house. We both got a long lecture about how sex toys will cause infections and infertility and are unnatural and dirty and wrong and gross.   They made us throw then out, but didn't make it a point to actually watch us do it. We just found a better hiding place they are guaranteed not to find.
0	Hoh geez.   As that hot girl, I don't want you to do shit for me just because I'm hot. I would hate to think that you'd do shit for any random hot girl. There's a plethora (and yes, I mean that as in "overabundance") of 120-lb blonde athletes. I don't lose respect for you; I think you don't have respect for the person I really am. I mean good lord, what would I do if we ended up together for the next 30 years? I'm not going to look the same, even if I'm the same on paper.
0	Yeah, right. Don't lie. All the ports are open, aren't they?
0	As a parent, I'm okay with this actually. Let me explain why:   While I don't think it's "right," for you to take  revenge  on your parents. Quite honestly, if it's something where they were  intentionally  saying or doing things that were out of line to make you friends laugh at you, or to make them uncomfortable, then fuck them. It's hard enough growing up with all the shit you have to deal with as far as peers and caring what they think. Kids are shitty enough without the help of  weird  parents.   For example: my wife's parents used to loudly have sex when her friends were over, say things about "her just being a bitch because she was on her period" or making jokes at her expense to impress her friends.   If this was your parents, I get it. I think for your own well-being, you should stop, but I understand.
1	The majority of the hate that I see towards this thread is people complaining about how it would "spoon feed" new players or whatever, or how it would make it too easy. Well stop complaining about that, this would be a WONDERFUL addition to the game. It would be a great help to new players and good practice even for older players if need be. Don't complain about the idea just because you didn't have this idea around when you first started. This idea, in my opinion, would significantly boost the play of many of the new players, and would be fantastic to implement. Plus he did say "Co-op vs AI" meaning although it teaches you to last hit easier, it still would require learning to transition it to real pvp. I support this idea.
0	I agree with the principle of this, but if you read the OP's comments, you'll see that half of the money in the account  was  his own contribution.  He did work for what he wanted.  He planned for something, worked for it, and then lent it to someone on the expectation that it would be back when he needed it.   Absolutely, people should work for what they want.  But if you lend something you need to someone you trust, they should give it back when they say they will.  Even if they're your parents.
1	While I think these are awesome statistical graphs, I feel like they are being interpreted poorly.   The title should be "How each team distributes its gold between players in comparison to their respective roles in the league" not “How each team distributes its gold between players” What we have to remember is that these trends are made up of the AVERAGES of the PERCENTAGES, not actual gold totals. Therefore there are a few rules we have to keep in mind.   1)    Teams that win more are going to have graphs that appear more balanced, due to objective gold. Winning teams often take 9-11 turrets, multiple dragons and possibly barons. This is A LOT of gold and will diminish gold variance amongst team members.   2)    Likewise, teams that lose a lot or get stomped are going to have highly variant gold graphs. Without objective gold to balance things out, it will be more about players individual farm.   3)    Gold is EARNED, not GIVEN. With that in mind, here are my takes on teams gold charts and what I think it says about their playstyle.   TSM: They win the most and they don’t slant their gold too much in any direction because everyone succeeds.   Cloud 9: This graph is cool and it shows just how “best in class” Balls and Meteos are. It is a common thing in C9 games to see Meteos focusing ganks top just to help Balls crush lane. This does not mean Hai isn’t good, or doesn’t get gold. The fact that Hai can still succeed and look powerful despite not getting as much of the team gold as other mid laners only speaks to his strengths as a player.   CLG: They group earlier, rotate more, and focus more objectives than most teams in NA. Therefore Aphromoo has an inflated gold total when compared to other supports. He spends more time getting objective gold with the team and CLG spends less time in the laning phase where supports would “fall off” in total gold.   Curse: Curse plays long drawn out games where Cop is funneled empty lane farm as well as getting the farm when they are stalling. Dominate also spends more time farming jungle and is more apt to building “carry jungle” which is gold heavy. They are also heavily skewed because Curse has poor turret and dragon control.   Coast: They are the most solo lane focused team in the game, and it’s evident on the gold graphic. Also they get very little objective gold because they lose a lot. I disagree that the team does poorly when Shiphtur gets gold though. Usually when Shiphtur gets gold it’s because Zion has fallen hopelessly far behind and can’t get farm anymore, not because Coast CHOSE for Shiptur to get gold that game.   These graphs can be terribly misleading if we don’t remember that it is just an average percentage of gold per team. You have to be very careful to draw heavy conclusions off of these numbers.
1	so telling the truth is "witch hunting"?  and stating your very own opinion is "pitchforking"?   i don't think so.  imho this subreddit should follow the rules of democracy.  two very important characteristics of modern democracies are "freedom of speech" and "freedom of opinion".   by removing a legit post like destiny's (which just states facts), you clearly violate the rules of democracy. you violate such important rights like "freedom of speech" and "freedom of opinion".  it seems like this subreddit's mods do like to create their own "reality". by removing posts like destiny's you are clearly trying to control and manipulate the collective opinion of this subreddit's community.  this is a very dangerous thing you do here - and i can't believe you also try to justify what you did.   it seems like this subreddit's mods rather like to lead it like an aristocracy than like a democracy - with the mods themselves being the aristocrats who decide which opinion is legit for the community.  and if they decide that someone's opinion or post about a real experience is not legit, they are just gonna remove it.   "who controls the past, controls the future. who controls the present, controls the past......"
1	Late-game is one area where it gets a bit murky. Some supports such as Thresh and Blitz can become even more of a threat later in the game when a single good grab can decide the fate of baron or an inhibitor turret.   Other supports like Taric/Soraka trade viability throughout the game for a simpler laning phase. This is not to say that they become useless, but they do provide less of an impact after a particular point in the game. Their biggest advantage after 40 minutes is that they will always have room for wards...   People do tend to undervalue the role of the support in this game, but then it always seems to be followed by people  overvaluing  it shortly after :P
1	I have hard Radioactive because it is played way too much, but I wouldn't know the name "Imagine Dragons" if it wasn't for the fact that of my friends is a fan and he actually showed me a couple songs a while back.   I don't listen to current music, not for anything in particular, i just like listening to the same old albums over and over again, however it is impossible for me one not listen to the currently popular music in everyday life, however, that does not mean that one necesarily knows who sings what.  You just hear the songs and have no idea of their names or of the artists who perform them, other for the really really really huge hits and famous people, like "Happy" or like songs from Miley Cyrus or Shakira or whatever.
1	What would of happend if you did a normal camp clear and ganked top? You would of won the 2v2 but no you wanted that extra gold. You gave up nearly a free double kill all for one camp? real? I would of did a normal camp clear went top through lane and sat in the bushes free kills all day. Your gold jungler right? So you knew he started red and would be ganking top first why not take advantage of this?   Also man In a whole 7 minutes you ganked 0 times. In time you spent afk farming riven ganked twice and invaded your jungler and I consider that light ganking. If it was a good eve or lee they would of been up that ass.   As a jungler myself I hate it when players blame me for them losing lane even to ganks but none the less you have to ask yourself what you could of done and tbh you did nothing. If riven is ganking top you need to be either counter ganking or ganking mid and bottom not afk farming.   One more thing is you have to know your match ups. Its pantheon and riven. You should of made it a priority to get to top asap.   Personally I think feral flare is a cancerous item. It needs to be completely removed. Simply put it promotes bad gameplay. I hate feral flare junglers on my team. They always lose us the game and then have the balls to bitch and wonder why when they essentially made every lane a 2v1 3v2 for 15 minutes while they afk farmed. Meanwhile the enemy lee sin has ganked every lane 3 times and has 8 kills.
0	Ray Mears and Chris Ryan are both hugely respected as survivalists, and neither has a good word to say about Bear Grylls. They basically refer to him as a boy scout showman. Considering Bear Grylls' show got busted for staging entire segments, who can blame them. Btw Chris Ryan (who has top-notch SAS credentials) says that Grylls hasn't told the truth about his SAS past.
0	This has been bugging me for years now, and it's relevant, so here goes:   I used to work at a call center and had a cute female coworker who was friendly and gregarious. I was rather insecure at the time, and talking to her, while nice, made me feel surprisingly shy. So much so that I often avoided eye contact, or even looking at her face for too long. Instead, I'd kind of visually zone out, look at nothing in particular, stare at the floor, all the "beta" crap. Despite this, I looked forward to (not) seeing her every day.   One day, she started talking to me and I just couldn't make eye contact. Mid-sentence, she interrupted whatever she was saying and laughingly remarks, "My eyes are up here, (prince_charming)!"  I knew it's impolite not to look someone in the eye when conversing with them, so I figured she was just reminding me of my manners. I looked up, stammered an apology, muttered a lame excuse about being tired (it was the overnight shift), and finished our brief conversation.   Only later, when I had time to reflect on that exchange, did I realize that in my visual zoning out, my eyes were pointed at her chest. To be honest, until that point, I hadn't even consciously realized that she was particularly well-endowed; she was very cute, overall, sweet and friendly, and I found her elfin eyes and smile to be very charming, but if you had asked me to describe her, the only thing I would have said about her body was that she was kinda short.   I wanted to find her and explain that I wasn't ogling her, but how would that conversation have gone? "Oh, by the way, I wasn't staring at your breasts earlier! --Not that they aren't nice, and not that I don't  like  breasts, cause I do, but I would  never  ogle a woman, 'cause that's disrespectful, and I kinda like you, but I'm not in a solid enough place emotionally to do anything about that, which is why I act so timid around you, but in truth, our brief conversations are the highlight of my day, and I just wanted to thank you for going out of your way to be friendly to me." So I just felt more awkward, instead, and we didn't talk much after that.
1	I live in Texas and average around 80~ ping, but then i switched over to Latin America North servers and average 50~ ping. The reason being that NA servers are in California, which is 2200~ miles away, while the LAN servers are in Miami, which is 1100~ miles away.   So try making a new account on LAN servers and if you prefer the ping there and don't mind everyone speaking spanish transfer your main account there!   P.S. I am currently on vacation in a country that is, by region, in the EUNE servers and get like 60-90 ping average, but I decided to make an account in the Turkey servers and average 50~ ping and 60~ in EuW.
1	actually he does scale pretty well in damage, his ratios are really decent, if you go AD lee sin in a game and you get fed you can 100-0 anyone easy, the problem is that due to the meta, in the competitive scene, the top laners tend to be tanky  champs with some kind of utility, like shen, yorick, zac or champions with high damage and AOE utility like lissandra, kennen, jarvan.   there are exceptions, like poke comps who play the poke/disengage strat, or the global comps with karthus/shen/noc/tf.   and above all, for lee sin to be able to deal damage in a teamfight you need to Q into a carry, and if you do that you will most likely be CC'd to death before you can kill anyone, i play a lot of lee sin, and in the top lane he is only viable as a splitpusher, and sometimes i run teleport/flash on him, i dont always rly need ignite, because lee sin is one of the best duelists champs imo.
1	I used to  love  Westrice, like pretty much everyone else in the community, after seeing his Akali at Dreamhack. Also saw him playing a couple sleep OP champs here and there (people didn't understand how good Ahri was, perhaps for many of the same reasons Akali was underrated).   Just seems that his ability didn't really extend past a few select champions, and nerfs to Akali plus changes in the meta really cut him down from one of the best players in the world to just 'good'. Having him act like a massive doucher on a smurf in game with me in the 1700s was just the icing on the cake...he has a huge ego and it just doesn't work at his skill level on AD carry. Seeing him play AD and failing hard (totally carried by Dan's calls) then blaming his team (after he pretty much watched EG beat CLG without his help) was the final nail in the coffin.
0	The difference is that the penguin is (supposed to be) used to describe a situation made awkward because of one's own social lacking. And the seal is (supposed to be) used to describe an awkward situation made awkward by an outside source.
0	Last time I visited my mother, she get upset that I was going to see my father in the same trip. It was a short trip because my boyfriend was visiting his family too. Both of my parents live in Florida and are not very fond of eachother. She made me feel like shit and told me I was a terrible daughter. Just for visiting my father which I didn't even end up doing because we went to the wrong restaurant and I had a tattoo appointment. When I got back from that, EVERYONE (aunt, uncle, mother and cousin) were all cold to me. I ended up making my boyfriend drive me to a local pharmacy for "tattoo stuff" even though I just wanted to cry because I felt so awful.
1	I have had an easy time against her in ranked 1500s. I was Corki, and the 5 extra range on her auto compared to Corki's hasn't come into play. I was able to outdamage her early on by autoattack + Q, Corki's bread and butter, outtrading her autoattack tumble, while having hp potions to her Doran's Blade (nice job, Phreak). I think if she had boots +3 or 4 hp pots, and got Condemn at level 2, maybe she would have done better.   That being said, she works great in a solo lane, and when ganks come, you'd better be able to get out FAST. She is a great chaser, Olaf or Kassadin level if you're low on life, and if you're not trading hard or staying back, she'll snowball on you.
1	My point is that you are basing it on one game. You are not mentioning the other three games they played last week.   4/4/11 Olaf 3/0/7 Elise 1/3/10 Olaf   Those don't look like poor games to me...
1	I think that it can be constructive if such players start back at level 1 and learn to play again.   Also, they cause hardship to their team in the same way that an AFK player causes hardship to their team, and going AFK is a bannable offense. Realistically, it is less disadvantageous (more advantageous) to have an AFK than someone who continually feeds.
0	I will tell you that the most recent research shows that ADHD is much more complex then thought before and it varies greatly from person to person with some consistencies.   ADHD seems to be linked to a lack of proper neurotransmitter activity in an area of the prefrontal cortex called the a2 region. When someone takes stimulant medication it dumps dopamine into that part of the brain allowing those neurotransmitters to function properly majoring the person with ADHD feel "normal". This part of the brain is responsible of sending information from and to the frontal lobe which is responsible for impulse control, prioritizing information, and sequential thought.
1	I started watching both near the end of the summer. After having tried playing them both, Dota is definitely more complex (not saying that is a good or bad thing) and has quite a few more elements as well as some more rng (not big game determining aspects, more crit-like features, just mentioning them because I'm not a fan).   Since I wanted to play infrequently and casually, I stuck more with league. Not to mention league runs better on my laptop and I could only play dota on my desktop.   If it's for watching, I'd recommend both, I personally like watching dota slightly more as a game but league has a bigger community and more hype. Also, this is from having no friends who play dota and a few who played league when I started.   Dota: more complex, harder to pick up smaller community, less viewership than lol significantly better client all heroes unlocked at start, only buying cosmetics better graphics   league: much easier to pickup larger community easier to run (computer spec wise) more casual for infrequent playing
1	My reason to hate Riot is rooted in what Pendragon, Morello and Guinsoo has done to hinder other games, where Pendragon forexample tried to erase 5 years of Dota history, incase you don't believe me, you don't have to, Pendragon used to manage a website for DotA1, and he did it well, but he and the two former mentioned started working on LoL, the DotA community was super supportive and tested for him, he managed a website, a forum, for DotA1 and he asked if people would mind him advertizing LoL on it, of course they didn't, after a while when LoL wasn't getting that much attention he decided to delete everything DotA related and have the website redirect to LoL's website, without warning, without giving all the logs and such to another person, eventhough various people offered to take over. (here's a lil  Link   Also lets not forget Morello/Guinsoo the small little patent trolls they are, trying to patent the name "DotA" when neither of them started it, the first "official" Dota was started by Eul, who left it for Guinsoo for a bit, who gave it over to Icefrog, when Dota 2 came about the little patent troll tried to take the name "Dota", Icefrog/Valve tried to counter this but honestly, shit got crazy and Blizzard copyrighted Dota, Valve can use it under some contract.   And lets not forget what happend when Icefrog signed with Valve and some "anonymous person" tried to make Icefrog reveal who he is, incase you didn't know Icefrog has been known as the guy behind Dota for over 7 years, not a lot of people know his real name, only the people at Valve/Trusted people to him, some people had some kind of proof of it being morello posting false information trying to make Icefrog look bad aswel.
1	Yeah didn't want to make all this points going to much unseen in a
0	Well unless you've experienced very similar encounters with other races and don't feel the same way about them then I'd imagine this would come under some form of reverse habituation, not racism.   For example: If I see a guy walking towards me in a shirt and tie, a metal tshirt, general goth gear, or in hipster regalia then I'm very much at ease. When I see someone walking towards me in a white tracksuit, polo shirt, and baseball cap, I get ready to have to defend myself or gtfo of there. Is that prejudiced? Definitely. But it has still saved me from losing money and phones in attempted muggings, and limited my get-stabbed-counter to one time only.
0	This is gonna be a long-ass text post, so here goes:   I'm a Korean-Canadian (moved to Canada at an extremely early age) and the cousin in question lives in South Korea.  After a huge fiasco with between her parents and mine, we were not on speaking terms for a couple of years. So the story in question was passed on from her parents to a different aunt (that we  are  on speaking terms with), and then forwarded to us, so I'm not entirely sure about the specifics.   So apparently she and her boyfriend were trying to get to this one supposedly excellent restaurant, like the ones that are showcased on TV so people would go and have a try.  This sole restaurant so happened to be in a more poorer area (so I'm not sure if "ghetto" is the right term?). The "poorer area" is like a few streets wide, and the area surrounding it is rich as hell  (like Gangnam I suppose, with shopping centres everywhere and such)   I guess she thought it was okay to trust the restaurant with her car, but it turned out to be just a random guy wearing a fancy suit. They didn't know what happened until after eating their meal and waited outside for the guy for like 10 minutes until they realized something was up.   I heard they filed a police report or somethin, but IIRC, Seoul's police are slow to act, given how overpopulated and chaotic the city can be.   And again, this story was passed on from the cousin to her parent, the parent to my other aunt, my aunt to my parents, and my parents to me. And also given how bad my parent's English is and my Korean is, I'm assuming some parts were either exaggerated/removed.   And I'm sorry for my overuse of parentheses.
0	Yup!   I go to the machines because its quicker for me to check myself out, and better for me to bag my things myself.  If I bag it myself, stupid things don't end up together (like cold items in the same bag as cardboard, that will end up soggy cardboard by the time I get home).  When I was a cashier (about 17 years ago, so not terribly long ago), I had to memorize things like produce codes, I would get in trouble if I bagged things badly, I couldn't basically toss food down to the bagging area without getting yelled out, etc.   I feel like an old guy saying 'back in my day', but you know what? A lot of cashiers today suck at their jobs.  I'm not going to go to them just because they need a job, I should be going to their lane because they make my life easier than the a machine where I end up doing all the work.
0	come through with 20 small items.   The sign doesn't say "10 items or less or as many small items as you want."   Got a turkey, a bag of dog food, and two big cases of paper towels? Count them: 1, 2, 3, 4. You're good.   Got 5 cans of tuna, a bag of apples, a bag of carrots, 4 little candy bars, 2 packs of gum, a set of D batteries, a jar of olives, two instant soup packets–stop. The size of your items is irrelevant. Count ten bar codes.   Also, paying with a cheque or money order, using more than one coupon... Just stop it. It's an express lane, please follow the rule, not only by the letter, but in spirit as well.   And those of you schemers having your friend/spouse stand in line with extra items to be rung up together, we are not impressed by your cunning nor are we jealous of your shrewd circumvention of the rule. We are tired and hungry. This is a zero-sum game, and by underhandedly expediting your checkout, you are inconveniencing the newly formed league of enemies behind you in line, who are individually yet simultaneously conspiring to feed your hair into that little conveyor belt. Sorry, but that one really gets to me.
1	I really like how Lemon touched on the significance of some of the item buffs, and how significant they really are. I really like this lolclass video, It's significantly better than
1	Time to see if Dexter really is the savior of CLG. Based off Dexter's stream, his synergy with Link isn't really there yet and they clash a lot but then again, Dexter always has nothing but praise when talking about Link.
0	When I first started dating my current girlfriend she would text me and I would go to respond but my sister would always tell me "don't respond right away, you want to ignore her a little bit!"   I explained to my sister that if the only way I was going to get this girl to like me was to ignore her I didn't want her in my life.   Three years later we are still dating and have the most amazing relationship I could ask for.
0	Worked for a place for 7 years where I had a new boss every 8 months or so, had sales quotas but made no commission, and was micromanaged by 3 levels of management. The scene in Office Space talking about the TPS report cover sheets? Yeah, I'd get the same memo 3 times from 3 bosses. It sucked, but it paid alright, had decent benefits, and when I wasnt in the office, it was kinda fun.   Thru this job, I met my current employer. Total dream job type company. Turns out they were hiring. They invited me to lunch, and that was my interview. Got a call the next day, talked about the gig, worked out the details, boom new job. Hung up the phone and wrote my 2 weeks email, sent it to the bosses, hr, and bcc'ed my personal email.   All of the sudden, the dude who was always "real close to being terminated" was the MVP, was asked to reconsider, etc... They basically shit on me the whole time I worked there, yet lost their shit when I was one foot out the door. Then they offered me more money. Like a significant raise. I told the CEO "it's not about money." Then I was insulted, because if I'm leaving and suddenly I'm worth a bunch of money, where was that money while I was busting my ass? Dont know what you got till its gone sorta thing? So I worked my last 2 weeks (I'm a man of my word), they had me training my replacement. That dude bailed about a month after I did.   I've been at m current gig for 5 years now, never been happier! Total dream job.
1	you are so stupid doublelift, awareness is single biggest thing you need in this game. You keep thinking you are better or on par with other ADC because you keep up in CS or play better mechanically. But you are actually contributing less to the team if you don't know what is going on around the map.Being aware of whats going on in the map and feeding your team that information is what wins you games. You have been outperformed by other ad carry's in that regard. Maybe try playing dota a little and it might improve your map awareness.
0	Somewhat relevant:   I had a great grandmother who lived to be 104. Her final day in this earthly realm, as she was being loaded into the ambulance, her exact words to the EMTs were "Y'all shouldn't be wasting your time with me. Just roll me up in the carpet by the front door and toss me in the river..."   At a certain point, I think everyone reaches the point where they've squeezed out of life everything they possibly could, and the mere act of being alive becomes more of a burden than it's really worth.   I don't know about you all, but I still have a lot of living left to do before that day comes. But when it does, I only hope I greet death with half the tact she did.
1	You are a scholar and gentleman. Just crazy to hear that someone has 300 skins. Good for you man, you see this industry in a way I wish most people did, however, I also wish I had more expendable income to be able to do the same. I have been playing about 6 months and have about 68 champs and a fair amount of skins as well. I have put money back into Riot because LoL makes me happy and I'm not blowing my money on dumb shit like alcohol which is what most people my age(21) do. Sure, $100 for 15k rp sounds like a lot, but I have friends who go blow $70-$80 a night every weekend at the bar. I would much rather have the RP and a sixer of good craft beer than listen to drunken idiots scream at each other whilst drinking Natural Light.
0	It pisses me off that I had to go this far down the thread to find someone who wasn't saying, "but in this case..."   No. If you ever say "she made me hit her" you are wrong.   That phrase is used predominantly by asshole abusive people trying to justify their actions.   Are there times when it is okay to hit a woman? Sure. Will you ever need to utter the phrase "she made me hit her" afterwards? No. If you hit a woman who is coming at you with a knife, you will say, "she tried to kill me." if you hit a woman who is drowning a baby, you will say "she tried to kill the baby!"
1	1) Team comp is everything. The reason why we have the typical bruiser top, ap mid, adc supp bot, bruiser/tank jungle is because that's what works. You need a combination of CC, damage and tankiness to win the game. You didn't mention who was on your team. Most likely your team had no synergy at all. 2) You can't call Vayne imbalanced when it takes more skill to outplay with her than many other (if not all other) carries. 3) You say you didn't throw, yet you lost the game. Clearly you threw, then. Whether it was your overconfidence which led to making arrogant plays, not taking objectives, allowing the enemy to farm up, whatever. You threw. If you have a lead on someone, you keep that lead on them throughout the game, no matter what. Playing top? Beat them to a pulp, ward, and beat them down more, because you KNOW their jungler will come to help them get back on track.
1	You get the same amount of IP you do now.   >...the more IP you would get from games.   Same ip != more ip.   Let me quote the helpful bits.   >More champs = more ip to spend on less = more wasted ip   >Less champs = less ip to spend on more = needing more.   You would gain more ip the less you needed it. Here's a brief example.   Lets say all champs together cost 200k IP. You start off with a base rate of 100IP per game. After you buy half the champs, you only need 100k IP, but you earn 200IP a game. You get more IP the less you need it, meaning it's harder to get champions early, and easier later on (inverse Time spent => Difficulty system). This would mean it's harder to pick up LoL (and get those early cheap champs), and easier to expand your champion pool later on.   Whilst I feel this change isn't wholly bad, it further discourages new players from getting into LoL (after having to get past flamers and smurfs), and I feel that it would bring a negative aspect to LoL.   This means that people who have everything in the game earn more IP per game than people who don't have any. You earn more the less you need.   Just my thoughts.
1	Let me explain what my view of it all is. Statistically it doesn't make sense. But if a million people flip a coin a million times the average will be 50/50 but there are outliers. People who just get a streak of games with retarded trolls start complaining about elo hell and as soon as some one has a troll he'll be like yup I'm totally experiencing the same thing! I think the whole dunning kruger thing might also play a role in it all.   Disclaimer: I am not exagerating in any way if you choose to not believe me that is fine.   Personally I had a 10 game loss streak because in every single one of those games my team would rage SO HARD at each other that everyone gave up hope of winning and it just devolved in to a giant flame fest. I always tried to stop it, saying that flaming is only detrimental to our collective goal of winning and that it only makes people play worse. But it did not help at all. Now I know that if I keep playing the chances of this happening again is pretty small but I can understand people in my situation crying: ELO HELL
1	This happened to me on my laptop at a friends house. First time I got put in a queue at position 1 and it didn't change for 5 minutes. Second time it just sat there. I went home and it logged in instantly from my house on my desktop. IDK
0	People always bitch about the History Channel's programming.  It's our own damn fault they don't play historical things anymore.  It's not PBS, they get their funding from selling commercials.  The people buying commercials on the station purchase at a rate determined by ratings.  The historical shows they used to play had shitty ratings.  They started doing shows like Pawn Stars, Ice Road Truckers, etc and the ratings rose.  Now they make more money and it's because of the previously mentioned programming.   Edit:
1	I came to the exact same conclusion on CDR being fantastic on Xin Zhao. With Frozen Heart, Ghostblade, and Trinity force I had 40% CDR with 2/3 point in the CDR/level passive in defensive masteries, on the PBE. It worked exceedingly well, actually. Ghostblade is a good item on Xin Zhao that synergizes extremely well with the percentile armor reduction from his new passive. It also increases his sticking power. Frozen heart is for obvious reasons, I should think.   E was available about every 4 seconds, and similarly I was able to knock someone up about every 5 seconds. His steroid is up often and he sticks to squishies like glue with his E/Ghostblade, in addition to his ulti being a fantastic peeling tool.
1	You see darius heading your way like a bull and is followed (!) by his teammates. He is getting to you on flash + grab range - I flash   You see singed running towards you on his ult - I flash before I get flinged   You see jax setting up his stun and going into range for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash   etc.  All these above when you are out of postion and bruiser is followed by teammates. If he isnt followed just crush him, because HE is the one out of position and your teammates are closer.   Also dont take this like its the only truth - thats my style, mostly because I main no escape adc like ashe or kog
1	Yes he can. The thing is, you´re NOT an AD carry if you build AP or attack speed/on hit. Relying on ranged autoattacks as your main source of damage doesn´t make you an AD carry. If the game reaches late-game, you will have your Teemo with malady/wits end/madred´s  hitting the tanks for no damage, since all these items have MAGIC DAMAGE procs. The tank with 150 magic resist denies most of the on-hit damage, since Teemo has no magic penetration. On the other team, they will have an IE+PD+LW/BT AD carry tearing through any amount of armor the tanks can have.
1	Um, these are S4 rosters with POSSIBLE S5 changes, yes the majority of this is not finalized. So effectively everyone is put in their respective positions until confirmed otherwise (Such as ROCCAT Overpow moving from mid to top). Posting rumours purely because of reddit threads with no sources such as tweets or articles from credible sources would be pure chaos. For example, TSM has offered Santorin to join them in S5; but that does not mean that Santorin should be put on the TSM roster, the same applies to the rumours surrounding Forg1ven to SK, Thinkcard to CLG, Rekkles to ALL, Chaox to possibly rejoin the LCS or a challenger team, and any other free agent (as well as a select few that are looking to play for different teams  coughs  Rekkles) that I haven't listed simply because the list is enormous and you probably get the idea.
0	When I was about six or seven, I adopted a stray cat. My parents weren't thrilled, but let me keep him nonetheless. Stripey (my imagination came later) and I were best friends, no, super best friends.   Cut to family vacation. We have a great time, but all I can think of is getting back home to see Stripey. Finally get home and I run inside calling for him. Stripey is nowhere to be found.   My parents tell me that they gave Stripey to a lady from our church. They told me that I could go visit Stripey there if I wanted to, but that was his new home. He was also a lot happier there because he had all of her other cats to play with all day.   I did visit a few times, but Stripey and I grew apart. Eventually, he didn't even know me and wouldn't come when I called him or anything. Stripey lived a long and fruitful life at his new home for I think 12 or 13 years.   Cut to thirty years after my parents tore Stripey from my life. My mom tells me that shortly after Stripey went to his new home, he disappeared. The lady who took him in felt so badly about it that she got another cat that looked like him so when I visited I wouldn't be heartbroken.
1	Implying Riot would ever take back one of their half-baked excuses for doing something.   For the record, I have never legitimately cared about any of the things I am about to list. I only got upset because of the terrible logic and bad excuses Riot tried to use for their actions.   When they changed Lux's ult name, they said the name wasn't English and that it didn't immediately convey what the ability did. As for non-English, there are Riposte and Shunpo off the top of my head. As for abilities that don't convey what they do...jesus, take your pick. There are so many abilities that don't immediately convey what they do that it isn't even worth trying to list them all. All in all, while I don't care that her ult's name got changed, it just seemed dumb of Riot to do it and then try to justify it with some logic that they clearly only thought about for 5 seconds. If their reasoning for that ability name change was solid, why not change half the other ability names in the game for the same reasons?   Then there is the Slay Belle Katarina backing animation. Riot said that the pole dance was too sexualized, and that it didn't fit Kat's character or the theme of the skin. This logic is especially terrible. Let me list the ways. For one, too sexualized? Almost every female in the game has huge tits and their splash arts have them pushing them out to make them draw attention. You have Janna making a sex joke, and oh, what's that, Nidalee ALSO DOING A POLE DANCE. Two, it doesn't fit Kat's character...I didn't realize that Dr. Mundo was a corporate business man by character, or that Cho'gath was a gentleman. I didn't realize that Gragas and Vlad were in biker gangs. The point is that skins aren't meant to reflect the character, that's the whole point. They are skins, not lore-extensions. Three, again, it doesn't fit Kat's character. Assume now that such logic is valid. It's still a dumb thing to say, because Katarina is ALREADY a highly-sexualized champion. Most of them are already, but I would put her near the top of the list of sexualized champions, so a little pole dance animation is not completely out of character. Four, it doesn't fit the theme of the skin? Google "sexy mrs. claus". Go ahead, I'll wait. Yeah, just like Katarina, Mrs. Claus is a commonly-sexualized theme. All in all, again, the backing animation didn't really mean much to me, nor would I ever have bought it. But I just can't stand when Riot comes up with some half-baked reasoning for their actions that make absolutely no sense.   And yet again, we find something that I would never have noticed nor cared about. I don't play Graves, and even if I do, I probably wouldn't have even noticed the removal of the cigar. But jesus, why remove it and then say that they did it because it influenced people to smoke when there are so many other examples of similar things in other splash arts. Again, I am sure Riot just got pressured by some outside source to change it, but instead of admitting that they are getting pressured into it, they pretend it was their idea and that they felt the need to do this, and they come up with some half-baked reason that is inconsistent with their other actions.
1	What you have to consider is that there are a lot of ways to play and build a champ. Skarner may have good niche potential when built and user the right way, but the way he is used and the compositions he is picked into just aren't ideal for him.   What you also have to keep in mind is that certain champions are perfectly viable but every champ has a playstyle that counters his, if the meta favours this playstyle the champion won't do well in a lot of matches but is not necessarily weak.
1	Inc rant:   It's  because  you get pissed off that people keep saying 'ez'.  What's the best counter to this? Just stop caring. What's the point about getting riled up or even getting annoyed by something so irrelevant? That's exactly what those people want. If it's constant abuse and out of line, (e.g. Go kill yourself, worst w/e NA, blah blah) then sure by all means go ahead and report/mute/complain/whatever. But if you're going to "report" for a little 'shove-it-in-your-face comment because you're overly sensitive, then just perma-mute everyone. It's a video-game. An online video-game. This isn't a playground at a sunday school church. What do you expect? Toxicity, even to the smallest degree (like someone saying 'ez'), is embedded into any video-game culture, and reporting anyone who conveys just a smidge of it is frankly counter productive. Save the reports for the out of the line cases. That's the most effective way to make reports valuable.  Bring the down votes, because 'ya know, I have a different opinion.
0	my mom worked on this movie, they shot in some of the worst parts of LA. She actually wore a red outfit to a location that was in a crip neighborhood (she wasn't thinking about gang shit, she was being a mom), and was accosted by some crips. She had to be escorted off the location, and she didn't go back for the rest of the shoot.
1	At this point in the preseason all the junglers tat are getting played/banned a lot are oppressive for 1 of 2 reasons: either they abuse devourer really well or they sustain really well.   The new jungle is so tough that being able to sustain gives you a massive (too big imo) advantage because you don't have to pick between doing a full clear and ganking. This is why there's been such a rise in fiddle being played.   Devourer, in its pre-nerf state, is horrendously abusable by champions with easy to apply multiple hits, which is why fiora jungle is seeing a decent amount of play, way more than ever before.   WW is the perfect intersection of these two massive pieces of the current jungle meta. He both abuses devourer, harder than any other champ that I can think of, AND has some of the best jungle sustain in the game.
1	Counter jungling is bad for the game.   Don't get me worng, counter jungling is  actually  a very vital part of the game and a good way to disrupt the enemy jungler, but with the community league has right now it is downright bad for the game.   For example, I played a game a week or so ago where I was jungling. Obviously I got counter jungled and thought "Meh, just got to ward my jungle then." and started doing just that. Then I saw the enemy jungler at my blue and pinged multiple times for both top and mid to help. No response at all.   Then my mid asks "Can I have blue?" and I explain that it was stolen. Apparently that is a reportable offense and the guy raged at me. Told him to help me get rid of the enemy jungler if he wanted to get any buffs at all.   Bot starts crying for no ganks. Well, I can't gank when I'm two levels behind everyone else. So obviously I get reported for that too.   Top tells me to sell my skin.
1	Yes, whoever hits level 2 can pretty much decide the lane. When you hit level 2, you have the ability to just freeze the wave and zone forever.     If you're supporting, just remember to ward. If you're blue side, the enemy jungler will most likely start blue to get a leash from their bot lane which means he won't be able to come bot right away because he needs his red.     If you're on purple side, the enemy jungler will most likely start red to get a leash from their bot lane so both junglers will end up near top side.       This changes when the enemy jungler is mana reliant so they will have to start blue (Fiddle comes to mind), that's when you have to remember to ward, most of these mana reliant champions suck at ganking early so you won't have to worry about them ganking early since they're easy to avoid with wards.
0	Affirmative Action is outdated because it only treats the symptoms and not the disease.  The reason blacks and Latinos are underrepresented in college is not because they are black or Latino.  It is because they are more likely to be poor.  So instead of giving a leg up to people because of their race, we should give people a leg up because they are in a lower socio-economic group.  Since you are more likely to be in a lower socio-economic group if you are black or Latino, then you will be more likely to get the leg up, but we will also not be biased against needy people who happen to be white, asian, or whatever.
1	by 22 minutes, your team should have all the outer towers of the enemy team. in most games, you are the one that is going to have to lead your team to take them. between 10:00 and 22:00 you should do your best to get your lane's tower, not lose your lane's tower, and get the outer tower of other lanes. this is about 600g and a lot of experience for your team.   after you get all outer towers, you should keep side lanes pushed.  if you push and no one comes to stop you, then you can take the 2nd outer tower for free.  if one person comes and the other 4 are on the map. you can 1v1 easily and put huge pressure on that side of the map.   even if you back off after pushing the side lane, you will force someone to go bot, meaning you can 5v4 mid or in their jungle while one of theirs is bot.   putting pressure on side lanes by keeping the side lanes pushed is a VERY strong strategy.  it also prevents backdooring on side lanes, and gets you a lot of farm and experience.   even if your team does a 4v5 mid because they are dumb and dont see you bot, then your pressure bot will force a lot of the survivors to go bot or heal to stop your push.   in most cases, they will send at least 2 people bot to try to stop you, this takes a lot of pressure off of your teammates, and can easily lead to a 4v3 with the remaining players or for your team to collapse on people chasing you.   this strategy is not recommended after 35:00 minutes, because death timers are too long.
0	I've been hit on by men before. It made me feel pretty. That's making light of the situation, of course, but I wish women felt as compelled to make my day as men do. I respect out gay men for their gutsy approach; there's something to be said for seeing what you want and going after it. I think I've only been actively pursued twice: both were women and both were crazy as fuck.
0	Every birthday and Christmas I was allowed to keep $10 and everything else went into a savings account. This went on until I was about 14. All of my Bar Mitzvah (one side of the family is Jewish and the other Christian) money went in there too and that was close to $3,000. I was told it was to save for college.   Well, after high school I joined the Army.   I asked my dad about the account as I wanted to buy a new car. He gave me the account info and off to the bank I headed. There was less than $300 in there. He'd spent it all.  My mom never knew and to this day feels terribly for not figuring it out.
0	It is "nobody panics because it's all part of the plan" But I guess people
1	not that I don't like the idea of a free rune page, but if you look at it in the free in game currency, 10win boost will supply you with about 1000-1500ip, where as a rune page is 6300ip, effectively you want riot to quadruple what they are offering us for minimalistic effort on your part, voting isn't exactly hard, I know you are tired of hearing this, but riot is a company and can't just give away stuff like rune pages, which require hard work to get, or RP which they make money off of.
1	I started bronze too this season and it took me a month to get from S1 to G5 and reason why you get so little LP is because once you hit G5 you can never lose it so the system is design to make sure you diverse G5 so they don't give you much.  some people stuck at division 1 at 99 LP and gain 0 LP per win because the system think that they are not skilled to go to the next tear.
0	My ex wife accused me. She said it to a counselor while she was cheating on me. I didn't know she was cheating at the time and looking for any way possible to make me look like a horrible person.   I truly loved my ex and thought I was going to spend forever with her. To hear her say something like that was one of the worst feelings ever. She said some really horrible things about me over the course of our divorce but this was one of the worst.   I'll never forget the feeling and absolute confusion/lack of understanding when she accused me. This was the woman I gave up so much of my goals and aspirations to marry and start a family with. I felt like I wanted to throw up and stayed with my parents for a few days following the appointment because I was so devastated she could feel that way. To this day the word rape makes me feel nauseous. Although she threatened me about bringing it up in court whenever she wasn't getting her way, nothing ever came of it.
1	I play a lot of Lucian.  Last ranked game I played I had around 200 CS and about 6 or so kills when team fights really started breaking out.  I had my bt, trinity force, lw, and botrk.  I took up good positioning and tried to unleash a rain of damage.  However since they had Shyvana, Malphite, and another huge tank I just felt like I couldn't do anything.  Even with the main tank shredding items the damage just wasn't there.  I, of course, got flamed even though my team picked no tanks or peel (shyv would just dive me half the time).
0	Surprised nobody has said this, but here are my two cents.   I don't know what you mean by "acting... like a guy", but if you're referring to some stereotypes about men and women, you should be aware that gender roles are socially constructed.   Gays and lesbians automatically do not fit into society's framework for interaction between men and women. Some gays and lesbians become aware of this very early on, perhaps before they first start to notice that they are attracted to the same sex. Naturally, those people are subsequently less socialized into mainstream gender roles than most straight people. That's why parents can often tell, or at least have a strong suspicion, when their children are queer.   The
0	Again, I am not an expert, so you'll have to check out /r/abrathatfits for more precise/specific answers, but basically if you're wearing a bra with a cup that is too small, your boobs can't fit all the way inside them. This means that the cups basically squish your boobs around to the side in your armpits and even into your back. Think of it like wrapping an Ace bandage around yourself. Everything gets squished and flattened and in the wrong place.   When you get into the correctly fitting bra, you'll start to "swoop and scoop" when you put your bra on, pulling all of that tissue from the sides and back back into the bra where it's actually supposed to be. After doing this for long enough, your migrated breast tissue will actually migrate back into the front where it's supposed to be!
1	After reading your response, i want to apologize for the assertion i made about the false controversy. I did not see and most likely will never see the rest of the "discussion" you had in twitch chat about this subject. I use "discussion" because I dont believe you can have a true discussion with how twitch chat is. In this small bit of the conversation, i was quick to draw the false controversy conclusion. I shouldnt have. Once again i apologize.   I however still believe Riot cannot kill either Summoners Insight or First Blood, even if they did add the clauses gaining exclusive rights to roster changes and/or LCS guests. That is only if people only watch either show for just the players/leaks. Summoners Insight is success full because of Thorin and Monte. The community has a major love/hate relationship with both. They have a similar relationship with you. I believe you have a disadvantage though because its just you and then your guests.   Riot has one big thing they have to worry about if they ever follow through with this, the community backlash. Riot faces enough of that as is. The community would go crazy if Riot ever did this. They would be actively hurting the content creation that they so heavily encouraged and relied on to grow. People would be terrified that they would then make their own site like Reign Of Gaming and Surrender at 20 to take over the pbe market. Then they would shut down Blackinola's
1	If she is forced to do that you have won the lane just zone her and your ADC gets free farm. Plus her spears are easy to dodge when you see them coming so you will eat a few max and Leona is tanky enough to just sit through 2-3 spears.   Edit: you can also just cc lock the carry and be done with it.
1	I'd like to believe this is all true and you're in the right here. However you have to understand, imagine you are curse... you're running a tournament with like TONS (thousands I believe at least?) of people. Many of those people REALLY want to win, they think this could be their ticket to a salaried league team (which it could be) they only care about winning. They will do anything to win.   So innevitibly we've already seen threads with tons of different cases of cheating and random stuff like that... however in the end when you are curse, and you have one person (you in this case) coming to them and saying "it was scheduled for 6:00 he was in game at 6:42 when I reported it as a forfit, heres a screenshot of him saying hes ingame and hes almost ready." Now you have the other guy saying "I tried to contact this guy to say I needed to reschedule earlier, he ignored me and I was unable to reschedule because of it." In the end you can't post a screenshot of proof that he didn't contact you. And yes, hashinshin could post a SS of him trying to contact you, but that seems a bit ridiculious to start SSing ALL conversations.   So now to curse, you basically have a 'he said', 'she said'. One party is claiming the other fucked them over somehow or broke some rules etc. Not to mention, the tournament has THOUSANDS of people, and since its 1v1, LITERALLY THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS of matches have happened and will happen... its so fucking huge and they probably have about 500+ other complaints on top of yours, some may be simple, but largely they will probably come down to two people claiming something else.
1	to keep it simple: If the passive has a name, it will not stack. if it just says Unique passive, it will stack. :)  So I Lichbane and a triforce, wont stack. A ghost blade and a Black cleaver armor pen, will stack! :D So rememeber
0	Some people feel that if they can't give a child everything it deserves in life, then they shouldn't have the child.   Some people? I'm pretty sure every single person who has ever even considered getting an abortion believes that, at least to some extent. That's  why  people  get  abortions to begin with. Feeling like you can't care for a child doesn't mean you can't ALSO feel guilty, depressed, anxious, etc. about the procedure. I've known many women who got abortions, and even the most rational minded ones who knew they were doing the right thing had confusing and conflicting emotions about it. It's more complicated than just "Oh, well I know what I'm doing is right and therefore will never experience any bad feelings about what I'm doing ever."
1	The only thing I meant by it not being noticeable late game is that typically it's not safe to just run up during a  team fight  and start auto attacking; that's why every one of Lux's attacks are super long range. Seeing you say >when it's safe to do so   as an addendum to your point confirms to me that you understand what I'm getting at. By all means, get that passive if it's 1v1, or 2v1, or really just if you have the advantage in numbers. Otherwise, getting close enough for an auto attack typically spells Lux's doom, especially if you're carrying a Mejai's, cause unless you're playing total noobs, you're the one that's going to be targeted. And if you've already used all your spells in a team fight and are on cooldown, unless you've got a ghost or flash there isn't shit you can do if the Trynd in the back decides to spin towards you during endless rage and butcher you in two hits. It's all about survivability...you don't do any damage when you're dead.   I will give you that maybe I was vague about the passive not being very noticeable in the late game. From now on I'll say "IF it's safe to do so, Lux's passive CAN be used effectively even in late game."
1	It takes a month...  Ok, what part of the hosting business do you work in?  While doing the physical setup may take a month, the planning of infrastructure, ordering of custom server setups, getting things settled with the ISP's is quite a large undertaking.  Also while riot employs a lot of people, they are not all working in the networking / server department.  The issue is not only hardware but software as well, take into consideration that when Riot started this game they had no idea how popular it would become, they have a huge "code debt" that needs to be overhauled to accommodate the larger pressure on their systems. Code needs to be tweaked and optimized.  Just getting a new huge server park will not by itself solve the problem when the code is not efficient.
1	Starcraft doesn't need constant balance patches as there aren't new units being introduced constantly. I used to be high masters in SC2 before swapping to league, honestly SC2 blows LoL out of the water when it comes to certain aspects, I just find the gameplay of mobas so much better than RTS and it's been so long since I even played SC2 (a couple years now) that I don't think it'd be easy adapting.   I don't understand why you bitch about an expansion set, it's new units, new story, refreshed competitive scene. LoL pumps out a new champion every couple months that are still about 10 bucks to unlock each, or I.P if you play enough to get 6300 every time a new champ is out.   Riot replies to things like lye smite requests because the community thinks they are less toxic than someone getting pissed off at another person for a stupid play.   I have been playing LoL as my main game for a few years now, and to be honest dota is just so much better, even CS:GO might creep up on LoL, and I suck at both games. Dota has so many more interesting and complex mechanics like denying, and the champion mechanics are amazingly refreshing when compared to LoL.   And to go back to your whole "SC2 has only had 21 balance changes" at least most of them have been fairly decent, it's not like riot's taking forever to fix skill shots not being visible or not nerfing nid in the places she needs to be nerfed, but obviously because SC2 is a relatively balanced game that doesn't need constant patches rito is obviously better because it takes them 4 patches to fix bugs and then nerf a champ into oblivion because he was amazingly strong after the bug fixes (cough cough azir).   Oh and yea, replay system and basically anything that is half decent for a competitive esport. In CS:GO I have replays, aim maps. In dota I have replays and I think there is a sandbox mode too. LoL still doesn't have replays, we don't have any tools other than grinding games to play to get better. I can't go into a sandbox mode and practice an aspect of play. It's really pathetic when ARAM is the only decent mode to practice team fights and situational awareness above everything else.   I love mobas because of the increased strategy over SC2 where you really only have one build or two build paths (unless you're doing a cheese build), I also hated ZvZ too much to continue playing.   SC2 has had the base game, and now two expansions for about 130-140. It's all upfront, so you'll see it easier as "omg a 40 dollar expansion" but you won't really think about spending 10 bucks every week on LoL skins.
1	There will NEVER be true balance in this game, NEVER.  You simply can not balance 100+ champions so that every single one is viable.   Renekton is very viable at the moment, cleaver stacking frenzy has been a buff to him.   GP has also been buffed by the item changes - more build paths allow him to shore up a lot of the weaknesses he has.   Fiora is never going to be truly viable outside maybe a really niche role, she is very fun (I dig the French accent to) but again,she is one of those really volatile champions for which there is a very fine line between she is shit, and holy fuck she is overpowered - her ult is another weird mechanic - unless you get significant change to it she won't see play.   Trynd is one of the champions listed when Riot (or some Riot employees) talk about bad champion design.  Vlad, trynd, darius, etc.  Champions that have limited counterplay are generally considered toxic to the game.  Vlad with massive free sustain, etc etc.  Having invincibility for THAT long makes balance again quite hard for him.
1	and you believe that moving to a playerbase with half subscribers and half not will solve it? RIIIGGHHTTT   edit: If you cant win with one of the 450 or 1350 champs, youre far from good. I only play an hour a day if that now. If you think runes and expensive champions are what wins games, please uninstall LoL right now. I can school a lot of Graves,Vaynes, and Kogs as Ashe. Your logic is faulty.   You will always be beat by players who can spend more time and money than you can. This goes without saying that almost everything in life works this same way. If somebody can invest more than you can in life, you will always be behind. Deal with it and stop acting like a whiney 12yo because you don't have 24hrs a day free time to "be a pro".   The better player spends more time and knows strategies you don't even for less "powerful" champions. They work with what they have in ways that you don't. Get over yourself and learn to play for the fun of it. Get a group of friends ( I can imagine that must be hard for you from your rage post) and play with them. You will really see how much individual skill counts towards winning.
1	It is not my first language but I fully understand what you said and I still believe it's not true but I do think that you didn't understand me.   Coin > Relic   (NEVER)   Talisman > Mountain (Only in certain match ups)   Coin is useless. Hands down it does nothing. Relic gives you faster pushing for lvl 2 and sustain to you and your carry.   Going for Relic and then selling it mid game and buying Talisman because you need it. This yes, worth.   Also it is probably not even 10% . Yesterday when I checked the last 50-60 games there were 0 talismans/coins. Doubt there'd be more than 4 in the other 40-50 games to make it even close to 10%.   Even blitz who builds Talisman more doesn't have many buys. I just checked the last 100 games in probuilds and there were 8 talismans.
0	Obviously you shouldn't listen to me, I'm just a stranger on the internet. Who knows what I really am? :P   If anything this serves to point out how messy identity is. I'm from Quebec and some people accept the word eskimo and some don't. It's really strange to me that anyone would prefer eskimo. If you just ignore the past usage, then it becomes a word with a really specific range. It's just slightly broader than Inuit or Yupik (and Inuit is already pretty broad.) But it has a narrower definition than native or aboriginal. And you use it because you can't confuse or lump together Inuit and other people that look similar, but you need to be more specific than just saying native.   I don't know, this is kinda rambly.
1	b-bbuutt little legitimate news that use eye-catching headlines is the staple of esportshaven   I'm not arguing the legitimacy of your website/articles   I'm saying you use as little facts as possible with the most eye popping titles.   Sounds mad bro :^)
0	I will agree with some of your points, however, if someone has sex with another person, knowing they are in a relationship, I still feel this makes them a bad person.   I've had the "don't you trust me?" argument thrown at me a few times when I was warned by people that she was a cheater. And I let my ego get in the way until I caught her. But I still feel like the person she slept with has no argument. They slept with my girlfriend, knowing that she was supposed to be committed to me. That is not a good person and while in a way, they did me a favor, they're still just as much of a piece of shit as my cheating ex.
1	Knock back is CC, more specifically it's a subtype of CC that along with knock up and pull/fling belong to the Airborne type of CC. Not to mention the fact that in Riot's very own champ spotlight they mention that there are some specific abilities that pass through the wall, showing Malphite ulting through the wall. Considering that Malphite's ultimate is also a dash (non targeted) and Vi's ultimate has even stronger CC immunity than Malphite's (does not receive stuns after the ult is done and does damage+causes the CC effect even if she dies while ulting), proves that your thought process is flawed.
0	Speaking about what companies do and don't want as if they are one giant collective isn't very logical.  Some do care, some don't care.  In my personal experience my passion/"extracurricular education" has in one way or another gotten me into most of my jobs...which is good for me, cause I like working in environments that value passion.
1	Draven has an insane laning phase because of his Q. Any AD you buy is essentially doubled. If you buy double dorans, you may as well have 4 (at least damage wise). Combine that with the cc from his E, and his ult to pick off runners, and he is a force to be reckoned with in lane.   Late game, I don't think Draven actually falls off nearly as hard as everyone says, he just takes alot of micromanaging, to the point that anyone short of Aphro's ability will struggle to keep up.   First off, his Q doesn't crit, which means that while it's still a nice chunk of bonus damage, there wont be as huge a difference now that the enemy adc has an IE and PD. It doesn't mean Draven got worse late game, it means everyone else caught up, and now he feels underwhelming.   The key to lategame Draven is leading his axes. His axes move to wherever you are already going when the axe hits. That means you need to decide where you want the axe to land after you throw it, but before it hits. You need to be aware of the positions of every enemy, and your teammates to do it. Most people don't have that reaction time.   That said, if you can manage it, Draven is terrifying. He has an almost absurd buff on his W (it refreshes whenever you catch an axe, remember) and his E brings just enough CC to stop that melee bruiser from ruining your day.   These mechanics take a long time to master, and they're unique to Draven. Most of the other ADC's fit one of two archetypes: the auto attackers (Ashe, Vayne, Varus etc) or the AD casters (Ez, Corki, Graves). If you play as a champ from either category, you'll improve with every other champ in that category. If you practice Draven, you only get better at Draven. It's a big time sink to learn one champ, when you can learn 5 instead, so most don't bother.
1	Another tip. If you are in London for the LCS you should make your way over to "Meltdown" after the event, or during if you didn't get tickets. Its an e-sports bar over on Caladonian road. Its been my home away from home the past year in London and I imagine the best place to be outside of the actual arena during the event to catch the action and atmosphere. Also, Fnatic may or may not make an appearance, as they have held several pub nights there in the past. I got to play with Rekkles at the last one and its a great community and there's beer.
1	Ugh... Because I can't find your usual "Criticism here" post, I'm just gunna leave this comment here.   The idea of doing these kinds of things is honestly what I look forward too after I get past the euphoria of the original video itself. Aside from someone going a "True facts about 'A New Dawn'", I don't think these are going to get any better/worse. Not that this wasn't good, because it was, & it was well executed in a manor that keeps the audience feeling like it's ahead of the video itself, gives it a very "Hey I know what he's gunna say" feel, which keeps people interested.   As to if you should do this to other videos? Well giving you any flak, but this is a bandwagon genre you're delving into. Meaning you should run with what you can & not push it to much. Everyone's going to do one of these, & when it's over, everyone is going to hate/not like it anymore, so if you keep beating the dead horse, it's just going to stink more & nothing else. So just keep doing things as the come along, mini-series like these are good as they come, & are only special & really entertaining in small doses. If you get to much then it ends up taking away that feeling of something clever & witty.   Edit: Grats on coming so far in making
0	Similar thing happened to me a couple months ago. I was serving what was supposed to be an eight top that had turned into a twelve top, so they didn't all fit around the table very well. I carried a full tray of various wine glasses and started placing them on the table. Each time I would lean in to place a glass I would say "excuse my reach" or "right behind you" because I had to lean kind of far to get to the table.   So I get about a quarter of the way around the table and as I'm placing a glass down this lady decides its a good time to stand up. She knocked over the rest of the glasses all over herself. She left to go change, and I was mortified because I have never spilt ANYTHING at a table before. The table assured me it was her fault, and left me a great tip, but I still felt awful.  I should be clear that she seamed pretty pissed when she left to go change, but everyone else kept telling me they saw it was her fault.
1	i agree if a win for 1 lp should be counted as a first win of promo it should count as well for loss. So you lost 2 games when you had 99 lp then you win 3 games and so you get to promos and you lost your poromos withou any game because you lost 2 games first and now you are back with 50 points..
1	The only thing wrong about Solo Queue is that it allows Duo Queues.   > Can't you already feel that something's not right?   What exactly is not right besides you being completely ambiguous?   > But in soloq everything is different. Let's be honest, one man cannot change the pace of the game.   Tell that to the Zed who can instantly kill an ADC/APC and gets out unscathed.  Tell that to the roaming Kassadin who wins lanes for their team without their team not even doing anything.  The only person who can't change the pace of the game is you because of your attitude and mindset.   >  Being good at the game barely changes anything, since the snowballing is pretty much nonexistant.   Have you seen the challenger players go from Bronze -> Challenger?  Do you think their games are based on RNG?  30 times in a row?   > There are other competitive games, like Hearthstone, Starcraft 2, Team Fortress 2. In the first two, you are responsible ONLY and ONLY for yourself.   So you're trying to compare single player games to team games?  Oh but you included TF2?   > Now, about TF2. It's a team game too. But there is no soloq there. There are pubs, which mean nothing.   No wait, you don't really want to include TF2 into the comparison.  You just wanted to seem like you were   > Last words:  imagine if there was no soloq.  There are ranked 5s. There are normals. Instead of ranked soloq, you can mark yourself as 'serious'.   I'm guessing you never played DOTA on the War3 engine.  They would create game lobbies where they put things in the title like GODLIKE ONLY NO NEWBS.  Guess who joined?  People who thought they were godlike but actually weren't.  Go ahead, make yourself as "serious" it doesn't make a difference because your actual skill level and what you think your skill level is not always in sync.
0	I'm glad we could entertain you. I don't think it's a foolish assumption that when you call your wife lazy in a public forum, people will assume you are a dick. Seriously, if your relationship is so awesome - TELL HER you think she's lazy instead of strangers.   >Or maybe fools on the internet think they can know the whole story from a 2 sentence post.  Thanks for all your assumptions, Reddit is my treasure trove of relationship advice   Don't need (or want) to know your whole story. I know you disrespect your spouse in public where she cannot refute you. If it bothers you that "fools on the internet" are judging you, maybe you shouldn't air your dirty laundry in public.
1	I do use the Tribunal and try to make a difference but the past 10 cases ive done were from 6months+ back. My internet is very bad most of the time so i do sit on there and try to help in my down times of lovely 500ms+, but most of the people just seem to want to ban everyone for things that are clearly not meant in bad taste.   People in the tribunal seem to not understand context to a situation, see a bad word and auto assume they should be punished for it.Remember, this community is pretty much 60% trolls, that means that more likely than not the people punishing other people, are not friendly players. The tribunal is basically a place where trolls, ban trolls for trolling trolls.   Not to mention my first hand experience with being punished(I've been punished once with a 5 game chat restriction after 2years of playing, this was about a month ago), with the cases linked i was obviously not pleasant to play with and it was clear that a punishment was needed, but the cases that were linked were all 1year + old and one was even an ARAM that i was reported for feeding in...   The biggest issue with Riots current system, as i have moaned about many times before, is that they focus on reforming rather than punishing. Yes, thats fine. But what is not fine is giving people punishments for actions that happened months before, people won't be able to see the relevance as they are not in the same mind set now as they were months ago.   Think about punishing a dog for pooping in your house. You don't wait 6months down the line after he pooped in your house, and then punish him. You rub his nose in it and show him what he did was bad, as soon as possible. This way he knows EXACTLY the behaviour he did which was wrong. Otherwise punishing behaviour of even a week late would just seem unrelated and people wouldn't understand why. (Also linking to an ARAM game as part of a report, really Riot why is that even allowed?)   You seem to have deluded yourself that you are making a difference by voting to ban people that in essence wouldn't change unless they got perma banned, which would take years, and thats all fine and dandy for some. But the fact that there are still millions of toxic games a day for every player obviously means something isn't being done correctly.   /Rant
0	For the most part I agree, but one time when I worked in a Real Estate office in reception there was one woman who's name made me sing a particular festive song in my head. I didn't tell anyone for a while, but then finally one day mentioned it, and she had actually never gotten it before... At this point I had made up lyrics to it and everything about her being a Real Estate Agent etc. She loved it, ended up using it in a marketing piece... she didn't give me any credit at all though, and when it came up in front of other people she referred to me as the one who "inspired her"... instead of the one who actually came up with the whole idea... all I really wanted was a thank you, or to have maybe been in the video they filmed in our office for it.
0	I'm a lifeguard, and as politically incorrect as this is, I can't agree more. On my second day ever working as a lifeguard, three black kids (ages 4, 6, and 8) snuck into the pool I work at without anybody noticing. They were very obnoxious and wouldn't stop running (even after blowing the whistle multiple times at them and telling them to stop). It was clear that none of them could swim, which wasn't a huge problem since they stayed in the 3-foot section. Right before they finally decided they were going to leave, the 8-year old thought it would be a terrific idea to get all the kids he was playing with to watch him go off the diving board. And that's when I had to make my first save. Needless to say, whenever black kids get in the pool they are usually the center of attention for the lifeguards.
1	When you play support, you're trying to be as aggressive as possible without getting out of position.  This means that you will likely be positioned slightly in front of your ADC, especially if you're ranged and they're not Blitz/Leona.  Note that this goes for both sides, so the supports will be closer to each other than to the ADCs, and so they will be focusing a lot of their harass on each other.  This does not mean that Lulu should burn her W on the enemy Sona, but it definitely does mean that Sona should burn her Q + Qchord on the enemy Janna, even if a lot of that damage is reduced by the shield (at early levels; later, she stops being able to 1shot the shield).  Yes, of course you would rather attack the enemy ADC, but the only way that you will be able to is if either you are running up with your support to allin (or to push them off, but remember that running up can easily result in an allin so make sure you're ready for that) or if the enemy support sucks.
1	Dota2 still has balance problems - e.g. of 114 games played in TI2 so far there are 7 heroes that have been picked/banned more than 108 times, and there is in general very steep dropoff in usage beyond the top 20-25 heroes. It is moderated somewhat by the rock-paper-scissors of push-gank-farm and by regional playstyle differences, but balanced isn't really a great description of dota.
1	Let's not misinterpret what this item does that other adc options don't do: it gives you mana on hit. At the expense of a late game damage item you are maintaining mana. Just because you don't run oom doesn't mean the other adc will. If you are sivir, you should not be running out of mana anyway because your e gives your plenty. The sacrifice simply not worth the trade off for a better item in general. Cdr is pretty useless on adc's, and 50 damage is low for a late game damage build. Building an item so you don't have to manage mana when you could just buy a better item and have better mana management.   Also, adcs don't need mana. If you are laning as ez vs Lucian, and the ez rushes this item while Lucian opts for BT, who do you think is going to last in lane longer. Lucian doesn't run out of mana, so ez is sacrificing 30 damage and the unique passive for what is basically a glorified chalice passive
1	I like this discussion. Helps me with my support. I see the general consensus leaning more towards (R)SS first and forget philostone, at least for thresh or leona all in champs. I have to disagree though. Because in lane things never go that smoothly. I find getting harassed but the adc, their support (usually has range) takes a very big toll on your health. If you can stay in lane for the amount of time it takes get your level 4 and combo then the bead start is really good. There is also the fact that the earlier you get philo the more gold it generates over time. Now in saying that, if at first back you have enough for an SS, you would go for it. But the cost nerf to it was pretty bad. Getting it early makes it harder later on. And besides, philo stone also builds into shurlyeas later which a lot of ppl overlooked. assuming you get this far into the game, being able to build these items quickly can make the difference late game, especially if you weren't able to capitalise on the early game. Just my opinion.
1	While we're on the topic of indicators and cast range, have you ever considered making point blank AOE skillshots display the range when the button is held down? Specifically my problem is with Diana, I am constantly missing the pull with her E, which is a problem since it's so crucial to her combo, not to mention it's on such a long CD. Same thing with Morgana. Sometimes you think that you're going to be getting 4 people when in reality you only hit 2 or even 1.   Another possibility is using that pale white circle that is used as an indicator for things like twitches poison, where you could turn it on, at least in co-op games, to help you get the feel for the skill's range.
1	this example is really old, but I believe mlg summer 2012 round robin, the tsm vs blaze games tsm was insanely far behind but was still winning team fights. I think its more or less they have better reaction times and plans to initiate the fights but many NA teams are on a similar level positioning and communication wise Another issue is you see the lcs and challenger  matches every week so you get used to the kind of actionthese games have but you only see some of the very best by the Koreans etc This also means its easier for them to study our teams although its getting better
0	Because they put their lives on the line to deal with the absolute worst of society every single day. This man sat outside a police barracks and picked these men off without warning. He was a coward. Then he ran into the woods and left an entire town living in fear for weeks. Not to mention the police who had to hunt for him in the woods.   Who do you call when you're in trouble? The police. Their job is to bail you out. Yes, it's annoying when they catch you fucking up. But you still dial 9-1-1 when you need them.   Cops devote their lives to saving ours. Most people respect that.  Most cops are good cops. They deal with heartbreaking shit the rest of us couldn't handle.   Police brutality is portrayed as much more common than it actually is, especially reddit. There is a lot of misunderstanding out there about what the law actually is, and what a cop can and can't do. For example, I saw someone arguing the other day that a cop can't order you out of your vehicle. Ridiculous!
1	Well, he's one of the rarest (he's more popular now, kudos to Asia/LCS) ADCs. I think a lot of people generally associate rare with bad. Twitch was, for a long time, the highest winrate ADC in the game and has only as of recent nerfs fallen from that, and most people don't realize that especially at low-elo.   He's certainly still a hypercarry, he just lacks a manageable early game that other ADCs don't. It's rather easy to bully a Twitch as he's not very mobile, his escape is unreliable, and his range is extremely short without any sort of instantaneous gap closer or extender.   Given that, in an even team-fight oriented game, Twitch is probably the strongest ADC to have packed in your arsenal. He has the highest damage potential in the game as well as the longest range during his ultimate. But at the same time, he is the most susceptible to dive comps and takes some significant ramping up to be powerful. As per his hypercarry status, I think he's fine. I don't think the E nerfs were necessary though, as I believe he was already rather weak early game in a normal 2v2 scenario (1v2 is different) and the nerf to his E just makes wave clearing/pushing and CSing even more difficult for a champ that already struggles significantly with it.
1	Riot has a contract with the North Pole and unfortunately elves are unreliable and because of global warming their livable habitat is shrinking everyday so with less employees Santa must keep the elves working longer in his workshop so everyone can have a nice Christmas.
1	Ad/as teemo was my favourite champion for all of season 2- I literally learned to play the game with him. His kit literally helped me learn to harass, farm, ward and his W was an amazing escape mechanism if I messed up, as I regularly did.   When I played teemo for the first time, something clicked. After a 30minute game I knew I was good with this champion, and I continued to play him. From levels 5-30, he was pretty much the only champion I played- I just found him so versatile and fun, and I was good with him- I went legendary most games   When season3 came I stopped playing teemo, mainly because I was learning other champions, but the removal of madreds blood razor screwed up my build for him completely   I guess I could say, as a sort of
0	I am not suggesting it, it's what I have heard multiple times within the church. That people  chose to be gay, just like they choose to drink to excess or they choose to hit their wife. It is believed that being gay is like every other sin in that it is something you choose to do. And it's the worst sin of all because they choose not to repent. Not the very worst because in the eyes of the church an alcoholic who chooses to get help is equal to "a gay who won't get help" it's not the sin itself that is the issue, it's the act of living in sin and not seeking Gods forgiveness, and from their trying to better themselves by trying to stop repeating there sin.
1	so im gonna buy that thing because it looks awesome. but 25 bucks is like half the price for a complete new pc game. so in my oppinion there is a bit of disproportion. i would say its more awesome than any other skins that you can already buy but its not that much with the full price it will have. lets say 2500RP (which would still be damn expensive) would reflect this much better.  either way you dont have to buy the skin if you want it go for it if its too expensive for you dont.
0	Even if guns are made illegal, they will still sell to somebody. More than likely, that somebody will be actual criminals. Sort of like illegal drugs. However, if you have a higher percent of the population- law abiding citizens- who are armed, then said citizens will be better able to defend themselves and those around them.
1	I'm afraid most Korean's attitude toward this issue has grown from 'negativity' to fury   There's an thread(?) in Inven that reached Inven's first page with 120 upvotes and it has a lot of swearing words plus an explicitly negative opinion about 2014 Worlds and Riot's decision.(In inven, the number of upvotes a person can use is limited to 3 per day so it's quite a big number) And that writing is calling for a boycott.  hope I can translate it but i'm not really good at translating so..
0	Eeeeeeeeeh, my parents have helped me more than I have any right to, but I don't think it should be expected for parents to help you. I could have started working far earlier than I did, and I could have saved a LOT more than I did if I hadn't been such a fucking idiot in spending.
1	Lol that
0	I'm not so arrogant as to toss that aside, but she did say once when we were dating and she was pissed at me (which I deserved a little bit as I was teasing her about baseball) that she was going to "go to the fucking pub and dance with every fucking guy right in front of you so you can see what you're missing when you go home and choke your little dick." I told her if that's what she wanted then she should go ahead, that I'm not the jealous type.   In all, it was a shitty relationship. I am somewhat even-footed, easy going, and like having a good time. When I am upset I don't snap, but I am vocal about what is upsetting me (whether I am right or wrong). She has the propensity to be the same, but in the snap of a second she can be derisive, vindictive, and vengeful. I should have known better when she told me that she only had 1 adult friend, and then went on a tear about how she only runs into assholes, and how everybody has had it out for her, or treats her like shit, whatever.   Was I a perfect boyfriend? No. Was I bad, manipulative, abusive? Not at all. I like to think I was good to her. I was not, however, going to be pushed around and manipulated by her, and made that clear that I was my own person and that she needed to treat me with the same respect I showed her. Now she comes to the bar every few weeks, tries to make me jealous, texts me at 4 when she's drunk that she wants to snuggle, then the next day texts me that I'm a piece of shit and that that pub ruined her life, or something equally melodramatic. IT was some vindictive Gossip Girl nonsense.
1	She does lots of damage? Well yea, that's why they nerfed her. She doesn't farm that much better than other melee assassins. Talon W, Panth E, Fizz E, Eve can spam Q, Kat W, etc. They all have something to farm with.   Her farming well wasn't the problem, her damage was. So instead of nerfing damage or ratio's (which would be bad,  nerf base damage to encourage building more offense, leave ratio's the same ) they nerf the range on her chase tool and on her CC. People will deal damage with her ult now, instead of chasing. People won't chase with her E because the range is very low now, it wasn't as big as the animation for it already, now it's lower.   People will just QWRRE and then autoattack until they die. Her combo used to be Q then drop W and then R to them, then E if they run and if they still get away then R again. Her R was used to chase, it deals minimal damage compared to most other ult's except Akali's. Akali doesn't spam all three uses of her R for damage, she uses them to chase, to juke, to get away, to gank.
0	My English teacher told us a story about Shirley Temple that happened to him roughly 20 years ago. He said he bought a book she wrote and he went to her signing. He said he was in line with hundreds of people. Midway through the line, Shirley Temple exclaimed that her hand was beginning to ache, so she gave up an walked out leaving a a few hundred people disappointed. As she was walking out, however, my teacher smacked her butt with the book. He then gave the book to his grandmother as a gift and told her that he couldn't manage to get a signature, but he got something better.
0	I understand that completely. I have a lot of friends and family members that have kids and sometimes things happen that are outside of your control. However, there are a few people I know who are late to everything. Not just on rare occasion or when something happens. It has gotten bad enough that if we are meeting for dinner or getting together to do something we often start without them.   This never happened before they had kids. It is like they refuse to adjust their lives then are shocked when things don't go smoothly and they are late.   The most recent one was last month at a birthday party. We had cooked some ribs and had a lot of good food. The party was supposed to start at 6pm. My 6:30 most of the people that were coming were there. The always late couple was not. Someone called them and they said they were walking out the door. They live 10 minutes away so they should be there in a few minutes. 40 minutes later still nothing. So we started eating without them. Another 40 minutes later they show up. They were shocked that we ate without them.   The funniest part of it was when we asked them why they were so late they said that the baby was fussing. Then we find out that they planned to leave the house at 6pm. They thought they could get the kid bathed, dressed, fed and get all the diaper bag stuff together in 15 minutes so they didn't start getting ready until it was 5:45.   Those are the kinds of things that drive me crazy. They know they are going to be late every time yet refuse to change how they do things and just expect everyone to work around them.   Sorry for the long rant.
0	The second to last time I spoke to father was on christmas a decade ago. I have three brothers. An older brother and two younger brothers from my father's second marriage. Every year at christmas, at my fathers, for years and years I would mentally prepare myself for harsh reminders that I was not well liked by that side of my family. I'm too much like my mother and it annoyed them endlessly. The last time I saw any of them I had just finished watching my two younger brothers (Older is married with a kid on the way in another state at this point) open their expensive and thoughtful gifts. Then my father turns to me and hands me a huge, heavy, solid, block of something in wrapping paper. I'm pretty excited because this will be the first actual "gift" I've gotten that isn't just cash to get myself something because that side of my family knows nothing about me. When I unwrap the "present" it becomes clear that it's actually a very large stack of papers and a two large books. With closer inspection I see "Air Force", "Army", "Marines", "Navy", "National Guard", and "ASVAB For Dummies".   My father smiled like he'd just given me the key to the universe. "There is enlistment requirements, officer school applications, study materials, anything you'll need to know! We knew you wouldn't make it into college (I did, I just didn't think tens of thousands of debt was worth it) and you've never showed any interest in a trade (I did, I'm extremely adept at building things and understanding schematics.) so we decided to get you opportunities for your future,". I had always known that my fathers side of the family considered me worthless but I'd never guess they thought so little of me that they really believed the only way I'd ever do anything at all would be to sell myself into indentured servitude to the United States Government. My little brothers looked....horrified. The youngest started to cry a little so I went to him and hugged him, told him I loved him, that it was okay, that I was okay, and that this wasn't his fault in anyway. I hugged the elder and said the same. Then I turned to my family and said with a huge smile on my face "I can't even explain to you how this makes me feel. I guess all I can say is, from the very bottom of my heart and with all the emotion I'm feeling right now, Fuck You,". I very calmly walked to the fireplace, set the stack of papers and books down into the fire, and walked out of the house and went back to my home.
0	lie = roughly the same action you do yourself   lay = something you do to an object   The problem is the past tense of "lie" is "lay" so shit gets confused. (The past tense of lay is laid.) And then there's past participles. It's really a nightmare.   The only way I can think of to help sort things out is to remember that it requires someone else to get laid but you can lie about it all on your own.   But that is probably only helpful for native speakers, because there's the "getting laid" idiom to unpack, as well as the unrelated verb "lie" to tell a falsehood.
1	I'ma say u get on average 125~ IP per game counting first win of the day shit. rune pages is 6300 IP standard T3 runes is ~10455 so 1 full rune page is 16755 Ip @ ~125 ip a game that's 134 games @ 30 mins a game that's  67 hours of game play for 1 rune page hella steep price for newer players who still have all the champs to get w/ Ip ( FYI is roughly 470k ip making it close to 77 days of playing time) I Played WoW for about 8 years and i only have 300 days on it across 8 years (half is prob afk time in a captal city)  so 77 days is a massive amount of time investment to be able to fully play a game   Side note: its takes like 50 hours to lvl from 1-90 in WoW and get caught up to the current tier lvl.
0	From OP's history:   "When I was 22, I slept with a woman who was 35 with 5 kids. You'd never know she'd had a single one. Anyway, I met her at a bar and we wound up making out a bit before deciding to leave together. I thought she was going to take me back to her place. She gets in my car and starts giving me directions...and we wind up in an empty parking lot. Whatever, we get in the back seat. The sex was good until out of nowhere she starts this really deep moaning. I'm talking Joe Swanson crying in the bar on that episode of Family Guy deep. I ask if she's okay, and she says she's fine. I've got her legs on my shoulders and I notice she's starting to tear up. I stop, and then all of a sudden there's a tap on my window and a flashlight. Fuck. I put my pants on, tell her to wait a second, and I get out to talk to the cop. I tell him exactly what's up, and add that I'm 22, she's 35, and needs to go home to her kids after. Cop has this shit-eating grin on his face and tells me to get back in the car so he can talk to her to make sure everything was consensual. They talked briefly outside the car, then she got back in and he tapped on my window, told me to have a nice night, and left. I drove her home in silence to her house with like 5 cars parked outside. Apparently she and her husband were in the process of finalizing their divorce (great, I'm a fucking home wrecker) and he had been babysitting the kids that night to spend time with them while she went out with her cousin.
0	For Gods sake people. Quit messing up your math trying to figure out which number is bigger and just realize that:   a) We have no idea what the margin of error is on these numbers.   b) When you discuss populations of this size, differences this small mean very little.   All that Astraea_M has 'proven' is that there are issues with the Mexican community as well. If anything, I think they are casting some doubt on Folkyourfaceoff's (completely unsourced) claim.
1	A letter to the jungler, from your Top lane   Compare all Lanes. Bot is a farm fest. If the players are somwhat good they can be behind and still freeze the lane with eaze. A gank will probably give your bot a good advantage, but thats not game breaking.   So lets go to mid! Mid lane. short. so short. and there is this awfull uncovered distance between the brushes and the actuall Lane. horrible to gank unless someone overextends. And even if you give your mid a kill, the enemy mid will probably start roaming and catch up. Sad.   And there is top lane. so long, your eye can barely see from one turret to the other. All Top Laners have CC. So much room to chase. And the best thing is: 300 gold on your top lane over the enemy top lane, results in a IMMENSE snowball. zoning, tower diving, free dragons... everything possible with a 300 g lead on your top Lane.
0	Well im screwed. Im about to go deposit $4 dollars in my account so i can buy a whole $10 worth of gas with my card because i only have like $9 total in it. And i need all the gas i can get since my car estimates i only have 7miles left (keeping in mind that one gallon gets me 33.8 miles). So i really need gas to last me until Thursday. And mathematically, im fucked. $10 is going to get me about 3 gallons, which is roughly 100 miles (i drive about 40 of actual distance daily(but with LA traffic i used up about 50miles worth)) which by Thursday is going to leave me with maybe (if im lucky) 10miles worth which is less than a gallon again. It's gonna be close.
1	Instead of seeing the bad side of being to high and needed to being carried. Just look at your own play and what you maybe could be doing better maybe read up on some match ups and game strategies, and then see how much you can translate that into the game and your mechanichs. And everytime you die or fuck up think how you could do that better or maybe that you where in a wrong spot were you would be a free kill for the enemy.
1	That was the worst
1	This is a huge buff to Karma.  At level 16, if you use  WRQ and an auto attack or two, R has a <4s cooldown. Every Q is an RQ (and if you're midlane karma, every RQ is the equivelant of a Syndra ult). Even at level 11, the cd is only ~10s. Also, RE actually has a stronger mini-shield now than before. E being a lot cheaper but also slightly worse of a shield does make it more about the movement speed, but I'm fine with that, it's the more interesting part about the skill anyway.   Some math on RW: atm, it restores 40% missing health (not max health). If you're at 50% when you use it, it'll 20% max, at 25% it'll restore 30% max. Assuming you have 1000hp when using RW, it heals for about 200-300 health. For the PBE RW to equal this heal you need to deal 1000-1500 damage (prolly within the tether and root duration, so ~3 seconds). In TF and during some ganks/as support this is (very) possible. In a solo lane trying to get (or prevent) a solo kill its not.  However, lets face it, RW was borderline useless, if you were relying on it so often you were probably overstaying in lane. Karma still has 3x more survivability tools in lane than most mages so I doubt it'll impact her lane survivability. At all.  Ironically enough, I'm not sure the RW heal will be strong enough to have a good jungle clear. I doubt it'll become meta, but stranger things have happened (plus, Magus is so so nice on Karma).
1	Not particularly.  It's true her skill set is great and she is still a strong champion individually.  The problem is that there are many other top laners that fill her role  better  than she does.  She gets pretty stomped on by Udyr, Lee Sin, Riven, etc. and they fill very similar roles at every point in the game.  If you enjoy Irelia by all means, go for it. Like you said, she's still pretty strong - it's just not the best choice you can make in most situations.   This is coming from someone with 150 ranked games on Irelia (and at least a few hundred normals - I usually play w/ friends) @ a ~60% win rate in season 1.  Certainly not god-like but I know Irelia pretty well.  I switched to prioritizing Udyr when I needed to fill the bruiser/carry-killer role and my win rate on him is 72% this season while doing a job that is basically identical (smothering carries and absorbing damage).  Sure, Udyr does have a few general counter picks (slows like Nunu's iceball make it hard for him to jump on carries) but you have to try pretty damn hard to lose your lane.  He beats nearly every champ top lane.
0	My dad has lung cancer. He was never a smoker, and they caught it really late. He was already at stage 4.   The specific version of cancer he got was the one listed on this page.   What totally blows my mind is this:   > Xalkori (crizotinib), produced by Pfizer, was approved by the FDA for treatment of late stage lung cancer on August 26, 2011   He started taking this drug, and he's now 18 months in, with no visible signs of tumor on a PET scan. you can't claim that he's cancer free, but he's as close to being cured as you can be.  All without chemo, or surgery.   It blows my mind that if this happened 5 years ago, he'd be dead in the same time frame. But research & biology has advanced and saved his life.   Uhh,
1	I agree that we cant make an absolute list like "x champion is the best top laner, y champion is the second best, etc"   However i still think a tier list is doable. We cant really say "tier 1 are the best all the time" because that's not true, but we can say "tier 1 champions are almost always viable top because they have sustain or escapes or just dominate the lane" and "tier 2 champs depend more on team composition than tier 1 and are viable in less scenarios, but are still strong picks" etc   for example Irelia is almost always a good pick for top lane(dash, strong sustain, tanky), so she would go tier 1. That doesn't mean shes always a better pick than say nasus (no sustain, no escape other than slow), but she is a good pick in more situations.
0	My brother once drove off while he was watching to see if someone got into their house.  The street took a turn and he ended up smashing a brick mailbox.
1	Imho - best runes in the game. MS is really hard to itemize for, with ADC being the only role that you don't have to go outside your regular build to get MS.   In the jungle they improve your clear speed, make your ganks easier and more reliant. In mid I'd trade 15 AP for MS any day. Makes roaming much easier, and most important - dodging skillshots. You can also run them on some positioning depepndant supports (Alistar and Blitz mostly) and there are quite a few solo top champs that benefit from them.
0	While I'm sure this sentiment has been well established through the comments I'm going to address it anyway.   How does drug addiction start? Its a long process and differs in the details for most all addicts... It's a slow process, and can take a long time for you to develop the chemical dependency. In my experience it starts young, teenagers are impressionable and cave easily to peer pressure. Think of being thirteen years old, shy and feeling like an outsider to most of your peer group, you don't have a group of real friends, and you spend most evenings and weekends alone, playing video games, wondering why everyone else is able to make friends, but you aren't.  You move to high school, things get shaken up and the social groups that existed before have shifted, you meet new people from other schools and start to feel accepted. You get invited to a party for the first time, and have no idea what to expect. You arrive at the party and feel welcomed, you are new, people want to be around you, and you want to be around them. Suddenly someone offers you a bottle, you can't say no, you don't want to go back to being alone, you don't want to lose this feeling. You take that drink, you feel alive. You never want this feeling to go away.  Next party, you're offered a bowl, you know drugs are bad so you say no thanks. Even though you know you made the right choice you start to feel like an outsider again. The others at the party don't make a big deal about you saying no, but everyone else is heading into the bathroom to hit the bowl. What the hell, why not? One puff wont kill me, I want to be included. You go along into the bathroom, you sit out the first round, but its coming back your way, you want that feeling of being accepted back, of feeling wanted and important, you somehow think that hitting the bowl will make that better. You grab the pipe, inhale... hold it... exhale... The group seems excited that you decided to join in, buddy beside you slaps you on the back and says "Welcome to the dark side..." That feeling comes back, like a warm blanket, you belong. It keeps getting easier and easier to not say no, and it keeps getting harder and harder to let go of that feeling. As you grow older new drugs are introduced, it seems like everyone else is doing it, so it can't be that bad... Maybe all this addiction stuff won't affect me? I come from a good family... It will never happen to me...   Forward to years of trying to get that feeling of acceptance back. Each time you sniff a line or hit that pipe you hope it will come back... But each time it doesn't, you think maybe that one wasn't enough, if I do a bigger line, a bigger rock, maybe it will come back...   You're alone, you haven't talked to your family in months, those friends you had, well they grew up and moved on, went to college, got jobs, got married... But not you, you couldn't let go, something was holding on to you, something wouldn't let go of you.   Eventually you have nothing, you have no one... You take solace in the fact that you can still escape through drugs...   Addiction is so misunderstood. It's a gradual process, and it's so much more than just the substance.  People congratulate addicts on sobriety because its a hard thing to overcome. Addicts don't congratulate other addicts on periods of sobriety, addicts know that can be taken away at any time.  It's not a matter of intellect, it's not a matter of willpower. Stop stigmatizing addiction, we take full responsibility for our addictions, you will never hear a recovering addict blame someone else for their addiction.
0	I'm taking a summer class in electronic composition, which is pretty cool. Last week, my assignment was to take a techno song I'd composed already that sounded kinda flat dynamically and add the sort of pulsing to the overall dynamic that you tend to hear in techno songs. The teacher had been expecting me to come back having done something with a compressor, or a noise gate, or a filter effect, or something of that nature; when I came back and showed him that I'd found an effect called "DynamicsProcessor" that did the same thing, with a couple of other tricks thrown in, he was surprised, but congratulated me on my resourcefulness.
1	Your taking the game too negatively.  Even if you didn't have blatant feeders on your team, you can't expect to have 100% win rate.  Losses are losses, shrug them off and just use them as practice.   Enemy team super fed, winning every team fight, and you got raped in lane?  Time to practice catch-up farming in the jungle and whatever lane you can get while being safe, practice defensive warding so your carry can farm, practice defensive positioning knowing you may get 1-2 shot, etc.
1	yeah, a friend of mine also deleted the game only to download it again a few days later. Such a drama queen move.  As for the best ragequit, well....I was playing a game where my mid(Brand) was feeding like a baws and at one point he was just strolling around the map and bumps into a Kennen who was at 50% hp. My Brand misses all his skillshots and Kennen gets away with like 30 hp, at the same time, Brand was also fleeing because he had 80 or so hp. My jungler commented on this matter and merely said "noob Brand" and this guy goes in base and afk's because the jungler apparently flamed him and hurt his feelings. We almost won that game in 4 but alas, we lost yet another ranked game because of some troll(also, I check his profile in the following days and he didn't seem to get punished for it. He didn't really exit the game but it's still a ragequit.
1	the passive for the heart-harrowing hatchet is actually better than current reaver and your propsed reaver passive is even more insane   Additionally you propsed an item with 3800 gold cost but doesnt give 80 ad which actually makes it less appealing than current reaver (keeping in mind that the passive would have to be nerfed because it is just way too high)   The reasoning for the passive being broken is imagine someone like jayce who can do a ton of physical dmg very quickly could basically replenish his entire mana pool in 1 combo, for example using "to the skies" "shock blast" and "acceleration gate" would cost a total of 185 mana but with just base dmgs at lvl 13 (both Q and E maxed) reaver would refund 59.2 mana, but that is with no dmg items at all. With dmg items (lets just say 100 ad for ease of calculation) you are getting 86 mana back. So with almost no items you are getting almost half of your mana back (and this excludes how easy it would be to auto attack to get mana back, especially with W in range mode).   An even better example is someone like ezreal, if he has triforce and some ad items according to your verbiage the triforce sheen proc would contribute to his mana refund which would allow him to cast his low cost Q for free (40 cost, dealing 115 base + 200% ezreals base ad + 100% ad. Assuming no other physical dmg added like bork or other on hits)   Mana as a stat is useless when the passive on your item gives so much mana regen potential, if you want this item to be good you need to drop the final price, ditch the mana and make that passive reasonable but not broken   One last thing you probably didn't consider is muramana. Lets just say you have 2000 mana, at full mana you would consume 60 mana to do 120 dmg (which at 10% refund would give you 12 mana back + whatever your auto attack dmg or skill dmg was) which means you would get 20% of the cost of muramana refunded and since its a flat 10% it would be very easy to stay at max mana with auto attacks, so you could leave muramana on all game with no need to worry about it.
0	It has nothing to do with that and everything with managers being able to take the easy way out and look like the good guy because they have the authority to. Let's not fucking pretend anyone gives a shit about the dickbag manipulative consumer who is yelling at the sales employee because he's trying to get something for free.   Even entry level employees will try to do right by someone if they genuinely got dicked over just because ITS THE RIGHT THING TO FUCKING DO.
1	r/starcraft]( is actually waaay better then this reddit because:     No circlejerking   More mature discussions   More active mods     AND FYI for people that want to discuss current state of game and get help with the game:   [/r/allthingsprotoss](   [/r/AllThingsTerran](   [/r/allthingszerg](   [/r/starcraft_strategy](   I personally believe that the League reddit should be only about e-sports and patch notes, awesome gameplays etcetera and that subreddits is a place for AMA, guides, streams, champion discussions and other interesting things so you actually can filter out the crap you don't want to read.
1	saying one role is mindless over another is pretty ignorant, you might say  mindless.   The human brain has a limited amount of attention. Some roles it is more important to focus the map in general, some roles it is much more vital to be where your team wants you to be and to make the individual plays, stay alive against all odds, and still do the most damage. There isn't less attention and mental power going on, it is simply more focused on making the correct clicks and walking the correct distance than other champions.   Your comment is especially silly when you consider top lane, in particular the tank meta. Your job is literally just don't overextend, keep up farm, and TP at the right time, then play a decent teamfight. but of course top lane is very stressful because you HAVE to stay alive and stay relevant even 2v1-4v1 or you give up an entire half of the map (In LCS anyway). There is a lot to consider. and in solo Q it is the role least represented in challenger and always has been because it's the most independent of the team.   how is the  most  team-dependent role the most mindless? Adc's are the most vulnerable, they're the last who should be warding, they're the last who should be initiating, they're the last who should be shot-calling because their role isn't to "make the big decisions" their role is to "do what they in small decisions with the big decisions their shot-callers give them"   Doublelift is definitely lacking in macro awareness or strategy, but players like Sneaky, Deft, and NaMei, all the best adc's in their regions or possibly the world at some point (Sneaky not as much at the moment) all have great macro awareness and play intelligently, and they get awarded for it.At the same time, there are tons of mids and junglers who have only been in LCS because they make fancy plays and once they couldn't dominate with their mechanics they fell off hard. Hell, there's even supports who really dont have great shotcalling or great vision control and without annie/morg/thresh to force plays or a janna to protect a world class ADC they're very underwhelming.
1	You're very welcome! Yeah, halfway through I started realizing how long the post would be, but at the same time, I started remembering how exciting all this was. Also, I'll catch you up on what I know about Europe, Asia, and the current state of the World Championships.   I remember two major tournaments in the EU scene: Dreamhack 2012 and Gamescom. Dreamhack 2012 featured Moscow 5 vs CLG.EU in the finals. After an exhilarating series, CLG.EU seizes victory from M5 in what is considered one of the biggest upsets in League of Legends. Down 20k gold late game, CLG.EU manages to force a very favorable baron fight, take baron, and pushed right into M5's base for the victory. Gamescom was the EU Regional for the World Championships. The final four teams were Fnatic, SK Gaming, Moscow 5, and CLG.EU. As expected, M5 beats Fnatic in their semifinal. On the other end, the almost unthinkable occurred. In an emotional, incredibly close match, SK Gaming takes down CLG.EU 2-0, bringing SK team captain Ocelote to tears, as they gone through so many roster changes over the last few months. CLG.EU goes to the third place match and defeats Fnatic with relative ease and secures the third place spot. M5 and SK face off in the finals, ending with an M5 victory. The results for the EU Regional were Moscow 5 in 1st place, SK gaming in 2nd, and CLG.EU in 3rd.   Now, as for the Asian scene, World Elite and Invictus Gaming were chosen to be the representatives from China (World Elite was so dominant in their region that they were the first to be invited to the World Championships, I believe in April 2012). As for the Southeast Asian region, the Taipei Assassins secured their spot as a representative to the World Championships. The same was expected of their rival, the Singapore Sentinels, but in a fantastic upset, the Sentinels were taken down by the tricky antics of the Saigon Jokers, a relatively unknown team (I believe a few of the members were from Xan, a team from Dreamhack 2011). With this, the two representatives from the Southeast Asian region are Taipei Assassins and Saigon Jokers.   In Korea, Azubu Frost was selected to be the first of the two Korean representatives, as they were at the top of their regional circuit standings. The other representative was decided at the Korean Regional final between Azubu Blaze and Najin Sword. After a brilliant series, Najin Sword walked away victorious. This makes the Korean representatives Azubu Frost and Najin Sword. One more thing, Azubu Blaze and Azubu Frost were formerly known as MiG Blaze and MiG Frost respectively. The Azubu organization bought them out and they now play under the Azubu name.   And now, just a bit before the Worlds, there was a lottery done between the first place teams of each regions. The format of the Worlds are two groups in a group stage round robin. Each group consists of four teams. This leaves four spots that are straight to the quarterfinals. These spots are for the first place teams of each region, but since there are five first place teams and four spots, they decided to run a lottery to see which team would go to the group stage. The first place teams are TSM, M5, Taipei Assassins, World Elite, and Azubu Frost. The results of the lottery had Azubu Frost go down into the group stage despite being a first place team. It was a really sad day for the Azubu organization.
1	Hi lyte, I'm very excited about team builder coming to NA and I will definitely be one to try it. I just wrote a post where one of my points highlights the importance of role familiarity in correlation with one's ability to play at a high level there. I wanted to suggest a way to adapt team builder to ranked to make for a much better overall gameplay experience in terms of more competitive play. It seems the biggest problem with team builder in ranked is certain champions could be banned.   I don't think specific champion needs to be included in a team builder type of queue for competitive play. As gimmicky strategies with high risk that most likely require all players to be on the same page, will most likely be tested in normal games or more casual games. Even without specific champion declarations, I think team builder could still make a big impact on the ranked experience. Why?   I think the biggest problem in terms of building a team in ranked is having people fight over roles. Most people aren't hell bent on playing karma jungle, but rather they are familiar with a certain role and the matchups in that lane. This leads to people fighting for the role they are most familiar with.   The underlying reason people fight so heavily for roles in normals is because they want to practice. However, in ranked, they fight for roles because they want to win, so they want the role they are best at to give their team the best chance at winning. The fighting ensues because they feel if they give up their best role, and they have to play a role they aren't as good at, and the player they let play their main role doesn't do well anyways, now two people have done poorly.   This root problem of fighting for roles and causing rifts between teammates during Championselect could be solved through a team builder without champion specification. If I were to queue up as support because I am best at support, then I will get to play my best role. It's never a fun experience when three players all call "best top" and proceed to lolking each other trashing each other's kdas or match histories. I personally am god awful at top, and if I were to be placed on a team where someone else wanted to support and only top was left, I would probably fight with them for support.   Additional note: the reason champion/champion type is not needed, is because the main strength and weakness of a good player in any role, is familiarity with matchups and the role. E.g. Junglers who are good at smiting/timing buffs and counter ganking. Adc who are good at last hitting and harassing. Top who is good at wave control and map awareness. Mid who is good at roaming and pushing. Support who is good at vision control. It doesn't matter if I'm an assassin top or tank top. If I'm not good at wave control and being aware of when the jungler might gank top, I'm going to not do well, maybe feed, and incur the wrath of my teammates leading to a horrible experience for everyone.
1	I mean you answered it yourself there.   The Dota decision making team does dumb things (you can see it for yourself by playing Dota2), that game is crap.  All they had to do was pretty much release an updated version of LoL, but even that was too much for them.  Yes they have an SEA server and it is shit and it takes a long long time to even get in a game because of lack of interest.  While i'm not saying Riot couldn't do it, but I mean they can only do so much at once.  They aren't going to overextend themselves when their current servers aren't all up to par.
1	Or a ping that tells someone to ward somewhere. Its been over a year since trinkets entered the game and as a support main it pisses me off so much when the adc never wards. Specially when someone ganks and the adc dies and blames me for not warding. Im plat 3 and the adc blaming me for not warding happens on rare occasion but the adc not using his trinked at all happens so often it makes me furios.
1	2v1 in a lane with teemo on bot.   When they attempt to gank they hit mush and get taken down to half by the time they reach you. When they try and escape they use a different route and die on the way back to the tower or poison gets them just before they blue pill. Leaving the second hero to attack you thinking you will be easy pickings at half health. Kiting over some more mush and just as they think they have you dead hitting the heal spell and laying mush in front of them to finish them off(and possibly using gunblade ontop of that) .   Or
1	My concern after a preliminary look through is that specific rune sets for specific champions or play styles favor players with more rune pages. It sounds great in theory, but the inability to change runes in lobby means that you are already tunneling on certain champions coming into the lobby. It will no longer be the case that someone may not have the most optimal page (say running ap mid runes on a support), they simply just will not have that page at all anymore. I think these changes can be brilliant if the option to edit rune pages can be like masteries, but if it isn't, I foresee a huge issue.
1	The problem is not the LoL community itself. It is humanity.   There are a lot of "assholes" out there. And I don't mean in games, but everywhere. The more popular a game is the more people will play it. The more people play a game the more toxic people will play too.   There is another reason which is trust.   You come back from work/school/uni and maybe had a stressful day. All you want to do now is to play a game of league and maybe improve your ranked stats. So you go in and really want to play AD, but someone else is first pick and picks AD. Meh. Ok, next game. But your AD is super bad and loses you the game.   The next game you queue in you are already in a bad mindset, because you lost a game and now want to win your lost LP back. The best way you can do that is by playing AD. People start getting stubborn and will just pick AD anyway.
1	Leona has a few problems, her main problem being that Morgana and Thresh are super popular right now. Leona's other problem is that she is a super all-in champion: Once you go in, you are in and committed and you have no good inherent escape in case you get ganked or you made a mistake.   Morgana's spellshield makes Leona much more useless and (if somewhat good) forces Leona to be much more creative with her playing. All Morgana has to do is spellshield whoever Leona E's on and Leona can't do much to that person anymore.   Thresh, while not quite as big an annoyance as Morgana, can (depending on how good he is) flay Leona's e, effectively denying and stopping Leona's gapcloser and prevent Leona from getting close enough to do anything else. This of course gets a bit better at lvl 6 when Leona gets ult.   Zyra has been nerfed a good amount from before. She's still an amazing counter-engager with her ult but she is very squishy and dies if caught by pretty much anything. She does offer good poke though, still.   Annie support has been nerfed considerably since her glory days. Her passive stun now scales with levels (so it is weaker and stuns for much less at early levels) and the base damage of all her damage abilities have been lowered but she has better scaling (to weaken Annie support and strengthen Ap carry Annie). As a result, Annie is much less of a dominant early-mid game support.   I am not an AD main so the ADC stuff is just what I've observed/ believe   I actually see some Ezreals still and a few Graves every now and then. Ezreal's problem is that he needs to land his q to be effective (which has always been his problem) but Lucian and Twitch just seem to do so much more. I actually don't think Graves is that bad, he's kind of like a different Lucian. Graves is really more of an ad caster than an ADC with how his kit works, but he has to get pretty close and personal most of the time. With the safety/utility of Lucian and the pressure/assassination potential from Twitch, I assume Graves is just less useful.   Lucian is incredibly dominant early game and a great duelist/trader. A good Lucian can make a lot happen and he can still do damage from pretty far away with his ult. Lucian has an annoying amount of safety with his dash and the range of his ult. Twitch is pretty much an adc assassin that creates pressure when he can't be seen. He pops out of nowhere and bursts a squishy down with his ambush bonus, botrk, and ult. Most other ad carries lose pressure when they can't be seen on the map, but twitch actually gains pressure as long as he keeps making himself felt in the game.   As for Ryze, he is usually played top lane as a counter to most top laners because Ryze is really good at punshing and zoning most melee top laners (and guess what kind of top laners are popular right now). As a bonus he'll also usually end up scaling to lategame better than his top counterpart as well.
0	The reason men get nocturnal erections, or "morning wood" is to prevent them from urinating in their sleep.
0	Hey, 20 y.o., 5'6" and currently 261 lb. Let me preface this long post by saying that I'm on my phone and my fat little fingers sometimes make typos. Now before we dive into your personal problems, let me tell you that this opinion isn't quite as unpopular as you would think. Aside from many obese people knowing that they are obese, we already get shamed on a daily basis. It's already difficult enough to go out to buy clothes, knowing that you need to look for it even ask an employee for a shirt in size XXL or XXXL. It's even worse when you go into a small store and need to squeeze by people, or that you need to wait for people to move on before you can walk past the aisle. Obviously 261 lb. is not nightmarishly overweight, and I've lost somewhere around 10 lb. since new years, but people like you are one of the many reasons obese people tend to stay obese. Until new years, whenever I went to a gym or went running, there would be a healthnut lifter looking me over, chuckling and shaking his head. Do you believe that that is the kind of environment for an already unmotivated and self-conscious person to be bettering themselves in? If anything, I'd dare say that obese people are judged more than smokers or any of the other people we 'judge' in out society. The reason behind this is, as some of my fellow redditors mentioned below, that obese people cannot hide what they are ashamed of. Now, obviously we shouldn't encourage fat people to continue their lifestyle. But we also shouldn't shame them. Hell, we shouldn't shame anyone. I think that shaming in itself is a disgusting habit that shows a great lack of good character. Before you judge someone, maybe you should sit back and consider your own life.   Edit:
1	Diamond 2 support main here..   Don't main support in anything less than gold. Learning the other roles such as ADC/Mid will greatly improve your mechanics and understanding of league that will benefit you overall as a player. If you learn and get a feel for how your ADC feels during team fights, you can more easily protect him as a support later on. You need to know the auto attack ranges of your partner, how trades work, how far you can extend, etc etc.   Many support mains (including myself, Xpecial, etc) start off as Midlaners. The reason is that Support and Mid are very similar, but you are playing utility mages on support instead of damage dealers.   The support position is a reactionary, macro oriented role; you are responsible for keeping your ADC alive and knowing/preventing situations that are dangerous. It is NOT your job to create huge plays. It is far more important for you to know things such as when the approximate time junglers should be ganking you, when it is appropriate to freeze or push a lane, keeping tabs on all other lanes, keeping vision up, etc etc. Many of these habits are best developed elsewhere but come into full effect on support.
1	The odds are stacked against you, putting your skill and history aside, there are only a small percentage of professional players out of the whole community.   Understand what professionally players do. As a professional player you are contracted to a team to play in tournaments etc. afaik you are paid a salary so like any other business you are expected to get results.   When you compare your situation to that of a nba/nfl player you forget how mainstream those sports are within society and how talent is coached from a very young age. Had you been nurtured to play LoL by experienced professional gamers then you could use that comparison to bring into question why it's improbable for you to turn pro.   By no means am I saying you CAN'T be professional, I'm a believer that you can be what ever you want if you dedicate yourself. Just don't ruin you life to "go pro" because if you do you'll have nobody to share that experience with and will be very empty.
1	You never by these two for the same reason, if you want to deal with an AD carry you buy Randuins, if you want to push for towers, create pressure, or go for objectives, and an ADC isn't too much worry (for example, an strong early game ADC isn't going to shine too much in the late game compared to a late game AD carry), you buy Sunfire.
0	Welcome to the 2nd term.   But this is one of the reasons why the days of FDR and before should be brought back. When a president serves their 2nd term, the main thing they're concerned about is implementing as many policies that please their political party as possible. That way, if an opponent gets elected the next term, they won't be able to implement as many changes.
1	Perfect example right here: In the champ select, we all agreed on our lanes. Everything going good. Then Nid says, "Riot needs to fix their shit with this lag." as she said she was lagging bad in his last game. Singed took that as "Fuck Riot and everything it stands for", and proceeded to rant to Nid, even threatening to report her. She was upset, said she would feed because Singed was being an asshole to her.  This is all in champ select.   Game begins, I'm Farmer Nasus in the jungle. Nid is talking in /all all the time, telling the other team to report Singed for being toxic, and Singed telling them to do the same to Nid. By 30 minutes, Singed and Nid had fed the other team enough to feed Africa. Meanwhile, I'm farming q, telling them to calm their shit, get rid of their egos, and play as a team. Jinx and TF took my words to heart, the others insisted in all to report me as well for being negative and toxic.   By the end of the game, I was fed up with them. They were acting like kids, I hate it. With 500+ on my q, I went in with TF and Jinx, got baron, and pushed all inhibs, while Singed and Nid continued to feed. We won, but only cause the 3 of us worked as a team. And this was ranked too. I'm sick of these people getting butthurt over the simplest things. We need people to understand that everyone is human, and we make mistakes, but for the love of God, stop raging at every little thing people do, even in champ select.   To prevent stuff like this, we need Honor back. That, or some sort of mandatory voting at the end of the game, even if your game crashes. So people know what everyone has/said during the game, to prevent the idiots from staying in here.
1	Because as much as people don't want to hear it, there are truly few professionals in the eSports world. The one's that you know of that are huge, are that way because they are fair, honest but censored, and knowledgeable about whatever game they might be casting. Than there are other people, who are "big" in their own rights (head of something) that won't be here/there for long, or at least not in the spotlight, that really show how the majority of the people that attend eSports events are at the highest of levels.
1	thats a fucking block of text.
1	Looking at your name and flair, I am assuming you main zed. As zed, if you get a lead, it is super good to go got lane with ult. also, buy wards. Ward up in the enemy jungle, and if you catch him unprepared doing his jungle, and you are ahead, just kill him. Roam bot if they are pushing and ult their adc and try to get kills. Make sure you push your lane into tower before doing these things, though, as you don't want to lose a lot of cs. Keep aware of your map and what is going on in the game. If you are top lane, it depends. If you are a teamfighting champion like Maokai, look for tp plays and farm until they appear. If you are a splitpush dueler like riven or Fiora, then win lane hard and Create tons of pressure. If you can bring the junglers r mid laner top lane and kill/escape, you are relieving tons of pressure off of your other lanes to get back into the game, and to get dragons. Ward up the topside jungle and look for roams to mid lane with any ahead top laner as well. Steal buffs and jungle camps as the respawn times are huge and it hinders the enemy jungler by a lot. If you get ahead enough to 1v2, then do it. Get towers and keep going. Eventually more and more people will come to you, so your team gets farther and farther ahead. If they ignore you, though, then just keep getting towers. Make sure you don't splitpush when your team is at base, tho, as then they can 5 man you without you guys doing anything in response.
1	When i began maining ADCs i played vayne, because when you've mastered here, shes more rewarding then any ADC. The only thing that you should keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situtations if she doesnt have ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing plays with her (1 sec invis op in TFs), also she is a "hypercarry" (Means that she will carry way better then most carrys, because of her absurd damage.)   Cait however is quite the opposite. She is really good early game because of her long range (650, most ranged ADs have 550) therefor its easy to snowball early on. However i believe she has the lowest damage lategame, someone calculated that.
0	Flawed example. Retaliation from a punch to the face doesn't have to be knock the other person out. The woman in your example didn't make anybody hit her. If you were punched by anyone weaker, why would you have to knock them out?   I think people in this thread seem to be forgetting that on the average, women are weaker than men. It's fairly simple to stop an attack from someone weaker than you without, "knocking them out".   I also want to add, gender equality doesn't mean you can hit women. In this situation it would mean that when a weaker individual finds themselves in a violent situation with someone much stronger than them, they would be met with the same response of help, support, and sympathy as someone of the opposite gender in the same situation.
1	Hasn't been great in playoffs   Fucking understatement of the century. Link has been part of 4 playoffs, FOUR, not just the previous one, but four. He has choked in EVERY SINGLE ONE. I can't remember a playoff where Link performed  well or outperformed another mid in a series. He has continually shown that he cannot operate under high stress environments and if CLG EVER want to show up big, either in NA or further, they need to drop him.   Link has had his fucking turn already. 2 years on CLG with no impressive   performances during important events. He is the Jesiz of NA. Decent regular season with massive dropoff in playoffs, which are FAR more important than the regular season.   People say that there aren't viable replacements but that's horseshit. Keane, LOD, Mancloud, Yusui, Dawolfsclaw , Prolly, Chunkyfresh are all fresh and upcoming talent in NA. With a decent support staff, CLG could take one of these talented, motivated and hungry NACS midlaners  and develop them into great NA mids. I'm not saying all of them are cut out for it, but at least try them all out.   I haven't even MENTIONED foreign talent yet. Europe has a massive amount of talent in its amateur scene that could be tried out or taken. Febiven, Watdefox, Powerofevil are all great mid laners in EU that CLG could buy out if they really wanted. Admitedly, I know far less about the EU challenger scene than then NA one, but I'm sure there are even more SoloQ mids and EUCS mids that are just waiting for their chance at the big times.   There are many Korean mids too that CLG could bring over if they wanted. Frozen, from IM for an example. Kur0 would be a massive fucking pick up, he was for some reason passed over by Najin when choosing their team for LCS KR. GBM is also open for CLG. Nagne would be an amazing pickup if they could outbid KT for him. These are OGN TESTED and PROVEN mids, unlike Seraph. They're not SoloQ pickups with no competitive experience. IDK what Baeme is up to but he might be a good pickup.
1	I'll explain it for you. Champions that fight in the league are all clones when a summoner takes control of a champion their consciousness is uploaded into the clone, then when the clone dies they are then downloaded into a healthy clone(respawn time is the time it takes the for the consciousness to be reuploaded.) So the head rengar is carrying is clone Kha'Zix and not real Kha'Zix.
0	Pretty limited actually on the T.V. via youtube.....umm..must remember, last time consumed any main-stream media.   Long story? O.K. years ago I got kinda depressed and watched about about 5 hours worth of scrubs clips/shows via youtube. I've looked at enough Dr. House and Arrested Development threads/jokes with pictures to get some of the joke's and recognize characters. However,  I have no idea what their voices' sound like because i've never watched a clip of any of them, so I actually have only the fiatest idea if the words people here put on them correlate to the actual show, but since this has occasionally allowed me to laugh at a joke while off the net and in public, i know that at least some of the time you guy's are honest. That's... uh, about it. i don't think i could name 5 other t.v. shows that are post 1995 at least, and not heavily till the 80's, and reruns. I watched T.V probably an average of 10 hours a week, with the occational day of pure T.V., until I was 14-16 then I stopped for the most part.   Last movie I saw in the theater was 300, at it's release time, and a friend twisted my arm to go..ah, fairly literally on that last bit. I pirate nothing.  I think 300 is actually the last movie i've seen on or off the net, but maybe I'm forgetting something.   Current media indulgences, entertainment's and educating   i do lissen to the radio, some music, Capital Public and NPR, on an actual radio. I watch old nature shows and documentaries or occasional musicians I like on youtube. Bill hicks, George Carlin, Harry Chapin, LOTS of world music, classical, indian raga , ahh, Does Ron Paul count? I watch rather a lot of Ron Paul and Glen Greenwald. I'm a reddit polic all conversations junkie who just lost her way moonlighting here after caring too much. I'm WAY to busy being serious to waste time on tv., and making "frivolous" comment's like this one is just a healthy steam realease. Oh, that remindes me... i don't play any computer games and have not in 5 years. though i would also say that reddit  is  my computer game. Tack on 30 hours a week+ at my job spent actually working, plus life. I cook a lot, keep house. I read a book every month or so, or sometimes one a day if I'm feeling voracious. I do eye exercise and my vision has actually been improving since I started a computer job and a reddit Habbit 5 years ago.   (oh, and, no i actually don't watch any porn. at all. but I totally respect all you guy's and gal's and your right to. I do look at imager too much and, by my standards, that's  almost  porn.   The only
0	So basically, when shit goes down, you  don't  have your friend's back.   Good lesson for him to learn, I guess.
1	While doing this change, they should also mimic the way DotA 2 describes its abilities. I would love to know the mana costs of my skills without having to hover over them in a clutch situation. Furthermore, in DotA 2 you can always see what effects leveling an ability on any level will have, while in LoL  you can only see what effect the  next  level-up will have and even then only by hovering your mouse over the little + icon.   For comparison:   [Ability description in DotA 2 (Notice how the advantages of the increased levels are clear to see, as well as the different cooldowns.)](   [Ability description in LoL (Enhancements of the next level are only visible when hovering your mouse over the icon.)](   Lastly, in DotA 2 you can hold the ALT key while hovering over an ability to give you more insight on an ability. This includes special interactions, projectile speeds, activation delays. All the stuff which makes the ability hard to understand at first sight is available when necessary in order to get expert knowledge.
1	the point of a free to play game is so that 10% of the population pay to get things and won't lose interest easy in the game while 90% of the people who play for free have something to  always work for and will be people available for easy and quick match making for the 10% that do pay.
1	There are things that people say can make a difference but very little.   There are a lot of skins that make your skillshots look different.  (latest examples are iBlitzcrank and Steellegion Lux)  The differential in those skins can make those skillshots harder to dodge since it might take ones brain longer to recognise what is coming for them.  (That new lux skin's q was blamed to look kinda like an auto-attack from her, i dont share this oppinion, but i can see what they are saying)   There are little eastereggs that make a very little difference (Sunglasses protect from 1 damage of Leona is the only thing i know right there)   Leveling and getting every champion and rune you want is FASTER with money, but you basically just pay for time right there.   IMO though, this game is great. Riot Games is great, they do a lot for the game, and they use their money to make eSports actually a THING, what i do appreciate a lot.  I am happy that i spend money on this game, i just want that skin and that champion and so on ... if i were to buy CoD for 60 €/$ what would basically just be throwing money into a company i dont trust, i would hate myself for that money-loss, throwing money into LoL doesnt make me feel bad though, they can use the money, and they dont just use it to make themselves rich bastards.
1	I don't feel Irelia needs much working on, if any at all.   But I believe everyone knows how strong Nidalee is right now, even Riot. They're probably doing extensive testing/theory making because the entire point of her remake was to balance her through change, but now she's stronger than before. She can do almost any role and be built in so many different ways, yet still be effective. She has problems and Riot knows it but they probably want to avoid gutting her. They did put in good time and effort into the remake and want to ensure it was not a waste.
0	I'll start by explaining a bit. I've dated here and there for about five years, random hookups etc popping up whenever, but nothing "serious" since I was about 23. This girl I knew but not super well, and one night while out with mutual friends things sorta progressed. I am ridiculously busy with work and another project I'm trying to get off the ground but I give her time when I can (not just whenever I feel like it or anything like that).   Normally I wouldn't even bother the way my schedule goes but I like spending time with her blah blah emotions whatever. There's this odd push/pull there in that whenever things start to move towards that "define the relationship" talk everything just goes kinda haywire. I'm not pushing for the talk, I'm just kind of letting things ride out, but she keeps saying how I don't seem happy or whatever, which really isn't the case, and I'm not sure how else to communicate that.   I could very well just be oblivious to a really obvious issue here, but like the meme implies, I might just be out of practice with reading things on this level. So, there's that.
1	because riot wants to make people variable in their skill order. a scaling scaling (most of the time) either means:   a)Not leveling the skill will leave it on a very sub par scaling, forcing you to put points in it to not have it left useless.   b)Leveling it gives it such an absurd scaling that you just WANT to take it first, no matter what.   for example: i rarely see Trundles focusing on another spell than Q, (maybe also because the others just give a tad less) if you are not araming you mostly want Ryze Q first because it actually has some kind of scaling scaling. Leveling it up gives you general cdr, boosting it's frequency by something else than a flat value (hence "scaling)   Lee is the best counter-example: You see people maxing everything on him, as every skill has its designated field of appliance.
0	I used to sell movie tickets and I'd use "mam" and "man". Sucks when you can't tell.
0	I remember hearing on NPR a number of years ago that on highways it is statistically the lone car that gets involved in an accident.  They are paying the least attention.   The cars who stay with other cars near them are safer because they're all hyper aware of each other.
1	You should really give him a go. I'm a talon main and I wreck face whenever I personally use him. The thing is his single target burst is fantastic, and his w and r alone gives you 4 stacks of black cleaver on the entire enemy team setting your ADC up for cleaning up (that is if your not already doing it yourself). If they aren't a bruiser or mordekaiser, you pretty much always get a kill lv 6 granted you burst correctly. His w kinda tickles them at first and early game, but his ad scaling is GODLIKE(check his wiki page) so once you got some ad, your a monster. And don't buy a Triforce. Repeat don't buy a Triforce. People think it is really good with his q, but the fact is it ONLY really benefits his q. If you buy a BT for 1k less gold, your still increasing his q for roughly the same damage but also increasing the damage his w and r do as well. His q allows a double aa so he can push turrets like crazy, and his w can farm entire minion waves. Double buff IMO benefits him more then it would normally benefit a champion because of red procing his passive and blue giving him infinite fuel. Is short, he's fucking awesome. He even has a badass assassin's hood. If you even read this I'll post some links you should check out if your willing to reconsider IMO one of the biggest sleeper OP champs there are.
0	You are right, there was a compliment in there. And you're welcome, it really was funny. But for me and few other people, being told what to do drives us to do the opposite. Call it a disorder or cognitive dissonance or whatever makes a person feel better, but being told what to do despite that we intended to like/subscribe makes some people not want to.   I would ask not to be told what to do, but that would be selfish and my selfishness may cost your subscriptions and I don't want to be responsible for that. The majority aren't rebellious to blatant marketing and if I were trying to get many viewers, I would certainly target the observable majority.
1	This is badly translated, just incase anyone complains. Important Notice Time of published statement: 2014, 13th of March 17:50(GMT+8) Our company would like to clear somethings up, we feel very sorry for ex-ahq Korea's player Promise, here are some of our announcements.     In early 2013, ahq esports decided to create a team in the Korean LoL Scene.     Noh (Skype ID: Captain Korea). Was the manager of the team, that time he contacted us to lead the team to OGN Spring. Before officially creating the team, we wanted to had our brand ahq inside the team. This team is managed by Noh and from Noh's request we had given out gaming gear along with gaming house. We hoped ahq korea would have good results.     Ex-ahq Korea player Promise contacted us in semi-finals of the tournament, Promise stated that Noh said recently ahq esports had stop sponsoring their team. Resulting in that the team would be kicked out of the gaming house and will not be allowed to bring their gaming peripherals out of the house. We tried to contact Noh, but we couldn't contact him, Promise also stated that Noh wanted the team to be match-fixed. The players were scared and furious about it, since we didn't know about it, we hoped that the team and Promise could do their best in the competition. Our company has stopped working with Noh.     ahq Korea was officially disbanded in OGN spring and has stopped working with us.       Our company is very sorry with the incident that had happened with Promise, we hope that Promise can make a quick recovery. Also for any of the teens "Suiciding is not the solution, it'll just hurt your family and friends." Please look after your precious life.   After that it's just the non-suicidal telephone number and other things similar.
1	how would the MMR be quantified? would marking it relative to the existing leagues be a good thing? eg. I don't play much ranked solo but I'm in Bronze IV and I gain/lose 20/5 when running solo, I would be phenomenally motivated if I could see that my MMR rank was around Silver III and I would play a hell of a lot of ranked since I could actually see my progression. I know that this progression is what Riot wanted to deliver when they implemented the ranked system so why not add another aspect to it.
1	Almost any champion or set of champions on an enemy team should affect your playstyle a bit. The problem with perma-stealth is they cost everyone on the team so much (assuming the enemy has Eve/Twitch) in terms of money and potential kills/farm/xp- can basically force you into playing a passive lane.   If you want to be safe from perma-stealth you have to buy multiple pink wards. Against a standard jungler as a mid champ you can get away with 1 ward most of the time especially if bot lane have warded as well. A jungler can't get to that side of you without being seen, so you stay closer to that side of the lane and can watch for vision of them coming out of any of the exits on the other side. A perma-stealth champion can go anywhere there isn't a pink ward unseen. They can stealth straight down the lane, or go through a different jungle entrance and gank with no warning that way. Even with no wards, against non-stealth the few hundred range vision warning you get on an enemy jungler is huge. That can (and frequently is) all you need to escape, or they blow several summoners to kill you. A perma-stealth jungler can kill or cripple you (blow your summoners) with little cost to themselves. Pre-nerf Eve with her stun was almost certainly a kill to the mid of whichever team had her. Yes, she faded away mid/late game, but people frequently don't want to or aren't able to play defensively enough to drag it out that late.   The counter-junglers you mention as affecting playstyle, should affect who your team picks to jungle (a strong duelist, equally fast clearer or someone with lots of cc), as well as making sure everybody is more aware than ever of if jungler needs their assistance in their jungle. As an extreme measure 4 wards can prevent counter jungling (1 for each river entrance) but they don't really need to be kept up all the time. Realistically the times/places you would ward to prevent counter-jungling are shortly before your buffs spawn. Against a stealth champion you must maintain 6 pink wards all the time to prevent them getting through (and some better stealth players like to buy an early oracles so this wouldn't be possible even if it were affordable/practical).   Shaco and Lee have strong early ganks but do give warning and are not moving around the jungle being invisible so wards do still work against them. Lee can avoid wards but at the cost of somebody being in position to help him jump or a ward of his own. Shaco can do the same, but it requires that he knows where the ward is and times/judges the distance correctly, or his smoke puff can still be seen. Lee is visible as he comes into a lane so you have an opportunity to dodge his Q or flash if he lands it. Shaco's ganks are arguably stronger and harder to deal with but he is more vulnerable to level 1 jungle invades messing with his boxes. Perma-stealth champions aren't so vulnerable to counter invades because you do not know for sure where they are (or aren't).
1	In general, i would Agree with "this guy" on the issue that there are in fact, more than 20 champions in the game yet only those tier1s are seeing the most plays. BUT! i believe this problem to be somewhat limited to the LCS/Challenger (and their publicity) and somewhat Diamond and the Skilllevel that can be found up there, everything below this its more "monkey see monkey do" than anything and has nothing to do with "this champion beats that champion".   Let me Explain.   Champions are like tools/Equipment for those players, they use them in a way and max out their potential to the limits (and sometimes beyond, aka CDR/AP Tryn ololol). These people are so good in this game that in fact, it matters to them those little margins one champion beats another. They can use those advantages. Its like 2 F1 Racecars, one carbon, the other "less" carbon, or a brandname Drill (Bosch Blue f.e) vs. a Storebrand, or even   Now give those Tools to the gold/silver/bronze/whatever 24/7 casual dimwit, and the pro a potato, and he will most likely still wipe the floor with that dimwit up and down every lane on the rift. this holds true to lower elos as well imo.   If your skill increases, your champion pool will either increase, or at least specialize, you will rise, and meet better people and then, at some point that most of us here will never ever ever reach (numbers dont lie, theres like 1 or 2% of the total playerbase competing for chal/dia) it might matter that you pick that Tier1 Champion rather than that below tier1 champion, until then -  doesn't matter had fun .   The entire argument that "champion X is better than Y" holds only true if you meet equally  high  skilled people where it acutally matters. Tier1 champs in lower elo dont contribute as much to the victory as most of us would believe.   Yes there is a lot more to the whole, but i believe it boils down to a few key things, on of which is:
1	Riot has NO idea how to nerf Kassadin apparently.   Excuse my naivety on the subject of balance, but it's the fact that he has EXTREMELY high ratios that he is so strong. What riot should have done is bring his base values back up and kill his ratios by about 0.2 or 0.3 each. Right now, all that's ever expected is for him to get shit on even harder early game and hit late game a little later, but he'll still snowball like a mother fucker. Good job riot, you fucked up a simple concept. He's not as big a lane bully as many people think.
1	If you take a look at the math behind who will win, a ranged AD versus a melee AD, the melee will always win. They have better base stats and better scaling. They have to, otherwise nobody would play melee champs: you spend time running up to their AD carry and they still outdamage you. Who would want to play that role?   Teemo's advantage, and that of all ranged champions, is that he has a ranged attack so that you never have to get in melee range of the other champ. He doesn't need to use any abilities to harass Tryn, and if Tryn commits and spins towards him he can blind and run away, hitting move quick if he needs to. If Tryn disengages, you get in another autoattack or two as he's running back with no abilities up.   Teemo would not fight Tryn in melee range unless he has a death wish. You win the lane by autoattacking him every time he goes in for a last hit, blinding and backing off if he commits.   Teemo will destroy Tryn early early early game through the basic nature of a ranged versus a melee matchup. Tryn will have the advantage around 6-7. Teemo will be able to come back and have the upper hand after he gets Frozen Mallet and / or shrooms laid down everywhere, but will likely not be able to kill Tryn thanks to his sustain -- but by late game, getting a kill as solo top is not really the point, is it? In fights, Teemo will blind Tryn removing all damage dealt except for his spin, and use shrooms / frozen mallet to peel him off your squishies.   Saying "hotshot lost versus Tryn as Teemo" doesn't mean Teemo is bad. Of all the champs you could put versus Tryn, Teemo remains consistently one of the best in the game throughout almost all stages.
1	good idea, put
1	I've actually had a pretty decent time. Given my sample size is small (like 11 games) but I usually try to be really nice and respectful. Whenever fights break out between 2 people I'll say things like "Guys don't worry bot is tearing it up," or something to try and shift the conversation while also easing their minds. Keeping calm is key.   My last game I actually got horribly destroyed by a level 2 xin gank that proceeded to pressure me out of a lot of cs and ruined my early/mid game as twitch. My team held strong and I helped when I could from the back and eventually came back to win the game.   I've had several close calls like that already in ranked and my team is usually pretty respectful and nice. Especially when I apologize for bad play and try to make them see that I'm doing my very best.
1	i play in diamond 1 and nidalee needs some tweaks, theres a reason why i ban her every game i'm in.   it doesn't matter if your mirco is bad or incredibly good if your defending a tower and nidalee is chunking spears  eventually  you or your teammate is going to get hit then, there's truly no avoiding it 5 people at a tower and nidalee throwing spears its going to happen sooner or later, even pros get hits by spears constantly you truly cant avoid every spear. And then when you do get hit by a spear one of these will happen.   A) you a fight a team fight with someone that has 1/4th health.   B) your teammate goes back and now the enemy dives 5v4.   IMO nidalee is a fine champion i just think her spears are literally stupid to have in a game like league, also her spears have 0 risk.   I wouldn't mind if they nerf her spears but then give her armor/MR back, she will need it but as of right now her spears are just stupid with literally 0 counterplay, a banshee veil has a 25 second CD and one of nidalee's teammates can probably easily poke that off.
0	this must be a conspiracy.  someone who knew it's going to happen grew compassionate and got more people to work for emergency stuff in order to not go to hell.
1	Men recognize that the skill level on their team might vary. They recognize that in some games, they're just going to be better than their teammates, and that's when they do whatever it takes to win. Men take on a leadership role and offer supportive advice. They buy wards even when they're an AD carry- simply because it needs to be done. They understand that in order to win, you have to encourage your teammates instead of berating them."   This is the only line where I have a problem. I played a game last night where some guy let his friend borrow a higher level account and play Vayne while the guy supported. I actually dunno if that's against the TOS or anything but 5 mins into the game, it was apparent that the friend, in actuality, was like Summoner Level 5 or something. Went 0-10 in lane, had a grand total of 85 cs by 43 mins.   I, on the other hand, was 10/1/7 Anivia with 370 cs by the end of the game. But try as I might, no amount of advice (stop autoattacking the lane, wait for the minion to get low and then last hit), warding, etc, would save him. I bought wards, I ended my own lane early so I could camp his for him, but try as I might, he was still shit. Furthermore, since they were duoQing, couldn't even surrender because both of them would click No.   I admit, I raged out like crazy. Having to suffer an extra 23 wasted minutes when the outcome was that apparent drove me insane.
1	Movember is not just about having facial hair. It's about raising awareness for men's health and also fundraising for mens health.   1/7 men will be diagnosed with some form of prostate cancer. That number is staggering when you think about it and statistically higher than that of breast cancer which receives far more funding.   My uncle passed away 3 years ago from prostate cancer. It was awful, he ended up with brain cancer in the end (this is very rare) and had a miserable end to his life.   I usually have a beard, but in November I shave it off, and grow a MUSTACHE and raise money for a cause that is near and dear to my heart. I dont expect everyone to raise money, but I do wish people would understand that "Movember" is more than just "growing a beard".
0	My parents were poor growing up, working 3 jobs during college to feed me and my brother (they got married while in college, then had us), then after graduating, started a construction company, worked hard, and now building a $750,000 house on a 3 acre plot they own. Anything is fucking possible, if you'll stop creating a bullshit "reality" where you think only the rich people get anywhere, and poor people can only stay poor.
1	Tbh, I was really suprised with lemondogs, let me tell you why   Their botlane was superior in the early game, and had proper team fights certainly not worse then koreans. I would say when they were like 2k gold ahead they lost presense cause their midlane pick didnt work out, If they had lets say banned ahri, and took another mid matchup a bit more even I would really wanna see where this game would have went. Malphite had really good ults. I didnt feel they really got outplayed or stomped, just midlane matchup obviously lost them the game.
0	exactly. if i have nude pictures of people i would not show others, it is a douchebag move.   exception . if she is gobbling my cock and sends me these pictures then what the fuck is she thinking? my decision to publicize these pictures is only dependent on if i have respect for such a girl.   i feel like this is borderline socially awkward penguin territory. i am in my late twenties, and growing up my social programming/education never taught me how to deal with such a situation.   why are girls suddenly sending pictures to guys outside of relationships today to such a degree that this becomes a topic to discuss. throw the blame on the girl, cause the bitch chose to send me that shit.
0	She felt totally guilty dating me(even though I had been her crush for about a year before we dated) and she blamed herself for my "pain" and the pain the other guy was feeling by not dating her. She said she knew she had more feelings for me than she did for him, but felt like she had no choice and chose to date neither of us.
0	I used to stub my toes frequently  as a teen then sort of grew out of it.   But one morning trying to dash out the door to work, I walked into my desk chair leg. I crumpled. But after sitting and rubbing I thought I was good so I put shoes on and head out. The stairs were awful, and at work the pain and swelling got worse. Normally I'd suffer, but I was supposed to visit NYC for 5 days. The thought of walking that much on this toe made me cringe so off to urgent care I went.   No break, bad sprain, and the good doc was kind enough to teach me the best wrap for walking and sent me off with good meds.   Here's the interesting part. I get to the hotel the next night, and of course I'm in agony. But I figured I would soak my foot before taking drugs. The hotel we stayed at was a great bargain called The Leo House. It's an old Catholic monastery and still run by nuns, and a very lovely chapel for services. Also its early spring so the tap water is icy. I soak till I'm numb, write in my journal, then fall peacefully asleep. Next morning zero pain but I wrap the toe up for safety.  But midway through our first outing I have to take it off. I walked the rest of the time with no pain. Bruised all to hell, zero pain.
1	Major Changes"?   They added a bunch of new champions and a bot mode.
1	I don't get the hate on caitlyn, she is still one of the strongest ad carries in my opinion. She gets outshined in lategame by kog, trist and vayne and outbursted through all stages of the game by graves and corki. However, her teamfight capability is just huge with the extremely large range, zoning abilities with the traps and the low-cooldown-escape.   Combo that with a superstrong lanephase and you have a decent ad carry with strengths and weaknesses as any other ad.   Most people classify caitlyn as bad because she has no steroid. I'd like to think that her passive combined with her gigantic range makes up for that.
0	I'm engaged to a Japanese man.  Not just a Japanese man, a  really  Japanese man.  A true whale-eating nationalist.  He's lovely tho, and his extreme views are often a laughing point between us.  One thing that's absolutely no joke though, is  Disneyland .  Did you ever read/hear about that article about that woman who divorced her husband because he didn't enjoy the movie  Frozen ? While that may sound ridiculous, that is a pretty good example for how obsessed the Japanese are about Disney.  My fiance is 30 years old and he would much rather stand in a line for 2 hours to take a picture with Micky Mouse than actually ride an attraction.  It blows my mind that you even need to wait that long to meet a Disney character in the first place...  I always envisioned them as moving ornaments.  I digress.  During our second trip to Disney as a couple we had spent so much time debating what we wanted to do and walking around we  both  missed out. I wanted to ride Tower of Terror and he was hellbent on seeing the lights show / fireworks / parade.  He was so pissed.  The level of pissed where you don't even look at each other.  After a long, awkward moment of not speaking he turns and says,  "Well, I guess all that's left now is to do some shopping."  I hate shopping. loathe it.  We get to the store and it's just as I suspected. 10,000 Japanese people crammed into a tiny store fighting over $15 spatulas you could get at the dollar store with nothing more than a sticker of Mickey on it.  $35 for 5 individually wrapped Micky-shaped cookies.  As a Canadian from the East Coast there were more people in that tiny little store than lived in my town and the next 5 over combined. Within 20 seconds of being in the store I started having an anxiety attack and simply told my fiance I was going to get some coffee.  He gave me the death glare.  Whatever, fuck him. At this point I didn't even care.  I hate shopping.  I sip on my coffee and see him trudge over after an hour with a bunch of bags.  "We're  leaving " he snarls at me.  As we're walking he gestures for me to wait. Asks a random passer-byer to take our photo.  Biggest beaming smile you've ever seen on him. Pulls me in close.  I decide to smile as well.  As soon as she gives the camera back to him he looks at me and says (in English - and at the time, his wasn't too good so imagine the accent and pure contempt)   "You ruined... everything.  and then he slowly walks away.  We didn't speak a word to each other for the rest of the day/night.  Funny to look back on now but at the time it was kind of the meanest thing anyone had ever said to me.
1	i was getting into games, but i would inevitably freeze ( not even bug splat). After freezing, i would alt-f4, but the game wouldnt reconnect. Worse, id log all the way out of client and when ever i tried to log back in the client would say unavailable(had to restart comp to get it to work again). So, after that horrifying loss i just re downloaded the client, and everything works fine again
0	Hello Bananapopcicle! Just some thoughts... I agree, $6 for 3 breasts sounds about right.   Chicken Breasts can be big though, many are half a pound. $6 for 1.5 pounds of chicken is $4 / lb. That is pretty normal for a grocery store, excluding discount chains like Wal-Mart that are usually at $3 / lb or just under. Either way, that is not expensive by any means when comparing to the bullshit prices at McD's or any fast food joint these days.   Spend $2 on a chicken breast big enough to feed a fat-fuck like described in the OP, and an additional $2 for side items like veggies will get you a long way. My GF and I make chicken and salad a couple times a week and it never gets old. We just change up the dressing and seasonings.   The best things you can eat for your money are chicken, avocados, and broccoli, IMHO, but avocados can be expensive unless you find a good discount store. I get them at Winco for $.89 and can find them at a Grocery Outlet for $.50 sometimes. My local stores want $1.50 to $2 so it becomes a luxury at that point. But they are the best source of fats and potassium around. You could live off those and a source of protein.
1	Build order would change depending on opponents you are facing, but I like to build pure tank nasus when I send him top. You don't really need any damage items to function in a teamfight due to the crazy utility his w and e have, the surprising damage from his r, and of course the infinite scaling/shen procs on his q.    When I send him in lane, depending on the match up, I will either start with dorans/pot if I am againts a ranged enemy, cloth/5 against an ad who will dive me early, or flask/ward/pot if I think I can handle them alone (trynd, jax, etc).    Then, pretty much always, on my first back I will buy a kindlegem/glacial shroud depending on lane opponent and money I have, boots if I have enough money, and wards. From then on I build whichever cdr item I got into either a spirit visage or an iceborn gauntlet. Usually get the other after that, then randuin's and game is done. If it manages to drag on for longer, frozen heart is quite good, and a rylai's is lolzy beyond belief. They never expect nasus to be an AOE slow.
1	Although i wrote it on the survey i'll do it here too.   I think this subreddit's interaction with rioters is fine as it is, truth is they almost never show up unless they really need to and that's amazing.   If rioters want to use reddit more frequently and post any kind of stuff from "lol, upvote" to a personal opinion on a certain situation (especially in this subreddit) i wish they do it with a personal account (unless they really need to have that riot flair for important posts), because that lil riot flair can make everybody to instantly upvote anything to the top no matter how relevant or useless it might be to the topic and that would defeat the purpose of the voting system (karma does not matter, visibility sure does).   It would be nice if this subreddit keeps being by the players for the players as much as it can, if we want to read reds insight or opinions on a certain topic, i'm sure they will address it in the league official forums and someone is going to post a link here.
0	Huh?   This is reddit we are people of science. All the heavy elements were made in stars. Stars made us. We had nothing to do with with. We are the result, a product, a derivative of the process not a player in the process itself.
1	Bot AI is stupid. It's easy to manipulate it such that you constantly harass them in lane without taking any hits. Then you build up a lead against a 0-3-0 cass so even if she lands "perfect skillshots", you kill her first.
0	I work for a defense contractor and ill tell you why the contractor route is better than the nationalized route.   1) The Department of Defense puts out a request (hey we want to build a fighter jet that has these capabilities) and starts a bidding process.   2) defense contractors then try and develop an aircraft to meet the expectations of the DOD at a reasonable price. By the way, each contractor then hires a team to research, develop, engineer, and then possibly prototype the product essentially hiring hundreds of people.   3) the DOD then confers and chooses the best bid and awards the contract.   4) the winning bidder then starts the build. This will entail materials and services from all across the globe. The bidder then contracts out parts of the process to smaller companies and mom and pop shops to cut their own costs to help improve their profits. ( this is actually written in most government contracts to A) spread the wealth B) create jobs C) keep costs low.)   The reason why the USA spends so much in defense is because we want the best. We want to stifle any threats. If war is necessary we want to win. This started after WW2 and has to be kept up with. We can't build the most complex fighter jet i.e. the F22 Raptor, and then let our enemies like china and Russia catch up and be equal. Hence the development and implementation of the F35, the most advanced fighter jet the world has ever seen.   Also don't forget we sell the majority of our equipment to our allies. Case in point the JSF (joint strike fighter, F35) which is being sold to Japan, Australia, UK, Israel etc.
1	The X axis is left/right   >The Y axis is Up/Down   >The Z axis is forwards/backwards.   That's how it works in e.g. Milkshape. That's how most people learns on their early lessons of geometry in math class. And how I understand (x,y,z) axis; as "froward, backward" is quite normal for me as "depth".   That's also how it works in LoL. From blue Nexus you are moving in Z axis, when going to toplane. You are moving in X axis when going to botlane. The Y axis is used by graphics engine, but is ignored by game physic, in case of hitboxes colliding and stuff like that.
0	That's just it though. Its not something I feel a need or want to do. My GF doesn't just want it during sex, she wants it during foreplay to. I understand the attraction and everyone has their kinks, but I've never wanted to be an asshole to anyone, let alone the person I love. I mean we're talking grade A douchebag stuff turns her on. From literally forcibly undressing her and pinning her down to touching her in her sleep, it all turns her on. It took me weeks before I didn't feel bad about saying and treating her that way and for at least a couple months after that I still felt the need to make sure we had a post coital talk to make sure she was okay with stuff. To be honest I pretty much had to reference what I've seen on TV, read in books, and saw in porn for what to say Because I don't inherently want to say them. Not all guys want to treat girls like shit, some on us like candle lit dinners, a bath for two, and a night of passion as opposed to the rough stuff. On the upside though we communicate our needs and wants really well so both of us are very happy with each other.
1	EDIT  : Check the comment by /u/nbxx below   I can't really follow what you are saying. I'll try my best though :   EG and Alliance are in different regions, there is no problem with them having conflicting interests. I do not know if Amazon owns them either but that wouldn't change anything.   Sponsoring a team is allowed no matter how many other teams you are already sponsoring - this is the reason Curse sold their teams so that they could sponsor multiple ones instead.   The Curse team group merged with the Liquid on to make the new main "curse" team and the Curse Academy team will have to find a new owner (if they haven't already, I am not up to date with this) since the curse organization pulled from owning teams completely.   China is, indeed, a bit weird. Riot can't really control them.
1	This isn't a perfect game, there are no perfect games, hell just looking at this sub and how many balance whines, 'riot pls', 'I hate this community', 'PSA please do x' the community itself acknowledges a hell of a lot of problems with the current game, other games generally take issue with the mindset of the developers and the way this game is balanced/constructed.   You can like something and acknowledge problems with it, you can dislike things, its ok, you don't have to hate someone just cos they have different tastes to you.
1	I respect your opinion and understand where you are coming from, but I the rune system is actually important and can be game changing in very subtle ways. here's an example and say there is no rune system at all and we put two players playing the same champ (well just say Vayne for this example) into a 1v1 situation. the first player is lvl 30 is running 21/9/0 masteries as the meta would dictate and this player has played Vayne for 200-400 games. player same lvl running 21/9/0 masteries as meta would dictate and has played vayne for 600-800 games. how does the first player have any chance of beating the other player who has had more experience playing vayne. This is where the runes system comes into play and changes the game for both players, the system allows for each player to choose the many different runes that compliments they specific playstyle. so we'll that the first player runs flat armor, armor per lvl, and flat AD runes with lifesteal quints. and we'll say that the other player plays more aggressive with attack speed, Flat AD, and life steal runes with life steal quints. Who wins that fight? Does all all that experience with vayne still help that second player now? Or does the defensive runes give the first player enough armor for him to come out on top? With runes you can better play a champ the way you want to play him and make your champ totally different from anyone else's. but the way rune system is set up with its high ip prices (combined with the low ip income averages per games [NOT INCLUDING FIRST WIN OF THE DAY]) and the meta game required way of composing a rune pages, as well as a few other variable factors; there isn't a lot of room for you to just make a runepage that suites your play styles. You either go with the meta which is very basic and generalized for the general population of player. Or you play games upon games upon games earning ip to buy the rune you think you want then spending weeks or even months of trial and error of selecting different runes, testing them against various lane match ups and team comps, finding that perfect page that suites your style and that makes you the unstoppable beast that you want you to be for that one champ you really like or are really good at (then repeat process again for all other the champs that you play IF you even have another runepage to dedicate for another champ. most likely you going to go with the meta just because its less work for you to do all you have to do and learn the meta and try to fudge it into you playstyle if you can. this is why rune system NEEDS to change. Rune Tiers 1-2 are a trap for new players and need to be taken out of the game. Tier3 rune prices need to be reduced. Runepage IP prices need to be reduced or the number of pages you get at 6300 ip needs to be increase to at least 2 or 3. Having more pages allows you to have the ability to be liberal with your rune comp and be able to designate pages to champs, champ playstyles, or multiple roles.
1	Agreed. I think it showed that we definitely need moderation in r/new to remove the clear shitposts (pure spam, etc) and to enforce the site-wide rule of no witch hunting.   Other than that, the community has shown that overall it's pretty solid when it comes to upvoting solid and diverse content to the front page. To be honest I don't see the point in a strict rule such as "low effort" when it's something fun that the community enjoys (ex: the Velkoz video that got removed in the past for low effort).
1	That's nothing to do with there being a projectile or anything. That's the fact that an animation has started, and at THIS point in the animation, you take damage. It doesn't matter if you move away once the animation has started, a similar effect can be found with Fizz and Jax's Qs. The things that will stop the damage is actually stopping the animation before the damage would be applied, for instance by using an interrupt or killing them, thereby stopping the animation and causing it to not reach the point in it where it deals damage.
1	IV been playing mmo's for the last 12 years and i can say that a few days a week of not playing is nothing to complaining about in the form of wanting transparency. They are entitled so some small explanation but it is not necessary. I have paid 15$ a month for multiple games for years, iv played games where buying and selling ingame items for RL money all though frowned upon is widely active in the community. Iv also dropped well over 400$ on this game. That being said, Riot does not have to worry about the lack of customers or people leaving because F2P games are on a huge rise. With the quality of MMo's coming out more and more people are leaving those and looking for new games. The majority of these 15 a month games are way worst in the way of customer service in strides compared to riot. Riot offers multiple servers to play on when other servers are down. Go play those. People will always spend money on this game even when they say they wont and people will always continue to play even if they "leave" the game. Riot has nothing to worry about
1	She deals magic and physical damage, has innate resistances, can displace the enemy etc.
1	I'm clamoring for the old ELO system, and I clearly remember it. I had an incredibly fun time hovering between Silver-Gold while trying to stabilize on the Gold side. It's some of the most extended fun I've had for ages.   You still gain/lose lp based off your mmr, your teams mmr, the enemy team, you division. This is fine.   BUT  the fact that I can't see my personal MMR is a complete joke to me. "Haha I'm plat II, you're only plat III!" "Yeah but I decayed a bit and when I queue up I get matched with Diamonds anyway.." is just such a meaningless idea.   Your position on the one big ladder meant so much more than the tiny steps of the division jokes ever will, they don't even get used. At least you would know your exact position on the ladder, which is what it's for. You didn't have to be top 1000 to care, you could set personal goals for yourself.   A goal of reaching Plat II from Plat III is meaningless, you could either get it from winning two games in a row, or also losing one. Obviously if you lose one you did "worse", but you get the same with with less mmr. That just means you can't trust any goal you set for yourself, because you can't see whether or not you've reached it.
1	In fact despite what everyone say these stats mean a lot. If adc would have been so heavily nerfed you should see them tend to 50% winrate because that would mean their impact on the game had decreased.   So adc which have a winrate lower than 50% should have gotten their winrate increased and the others decreased, which is not the case.
0	I had this problem right after I had my fuel pump replaced. Apparently the little gasket slipped off where it was supposed to be (some time after trying to put the spout back in?-I'm not a car person, their jibble went over my head) and into my gas tank. I found this out the hard way when I went to pump gas and spewed it all over the parking lot as I was pumping. Then proceeded to leave little spills on all of the turns heading back home. Because the gasket was slipped the pressure wasn't reading correctly, and therefore was showing I had almost no gas. Also, it was right around the 8 gallon mark while pumping on an almost empty tank.
0	TouchWiz is hated upon by the development/design community because of its horrible color palette and overall design quirks. For example, in the notifications pull-down, the top third of your screen will be taken up by permanent quick-toggles, a screen brightness slider, and (if you're on Verizon) a constant reminder to turn on wifi whenever it detects you're within range of one. People over at /r/Android (myself included) prefer the clean, uncluttered look of pure, stock Android over the cluttered mess that Samsung has made it. The best OEM skins are those that do not interfere too much: HTC's Sense has come a  long  way in this regard, as has Motorola's (their interface is essentially stock Android at this point).   However, the beauty of Android is that it's extremely easy to install a different launcher (such as [Nova]( that will customize your phone and homescreen to look and behave like stock Android, even though you may be running TouchWiz.
0	Only place I have seen/heard about those sort of things is the internet. Thats kinda like saying that all atheists are killers because one guy that went to jail for murder was an atheist.
0	Story for those who may be interested.   Having drinks at a mutual friend's birthday all of us giving each other shit. A friend starts making whipped jokes and says I spend to much time with my gf, his girlfriend left him 3 months ago because he was just sitting home smoking weed all day, didn't take her out or do anything with her, she had had enough and ended their relationship. I say that that is why I still have a gf. Judging by his face it struck a nerve, I apologize he accepted it then for the rest of the nigh (about 6 hours) follows me around saying "say it again and I will punch you, make another joke." After the initial comment and my apology I didn't repeat or make another comment about his past relationship.   Fast forward to this morning, I wake up and he asks if I am still sooking about last night followed by "say it again and I will punch you" the whole morning until I left he kept asking me to make a comment followed by a threat to punch me if I do.
1	Am I alone in thinking that the IoW/Field of Justice/Summoners idea is actually MORE important than the backstory of the characters? Otherwise it's a game without drive; the characters themselves are just tools for the game's justification -- not the other way around.   I think the biggest issue is this coupling of the IoW and Valoran itself. Like hey we have this people that co-exist with the champions but they have the ability to control you but somehow you're totally cool with that and they play chess with your lives to decide how things in your world go.   Hear me out: what if the IoW/Fields of Justice/Summoners were on an entirely different ethereal platform. The people of Valoran go about their business as usual, with this conflicts or whatever. Summoners are essentially ethereal god-like entities who summon the famous heroes in their world. When they're summoned, they are now puppets and summoners can unleash their "true potential" with the skills of the summoner (which includes masteries and runes and summoner skills). Valoran is aware of the summoner's existence and retain memories of the battles, but they are powerless in stopping the summoners from doing their bidding. Some champions thrive on the limelight and wear it as a badge of honor (draaven!!!) while others detest it (think like a janna, who isn't kill thirsty). They still have to deal with their day-to-day conflicts (iona vs noxious), but at any time they can be summoned by some summoners who find them to be the preferential pick (draft mode??) to settle their disputes. It seems to me this decouples the two nicely while still making things work how they are now.
0	I did it.  You do it one step at a time: you get a job, in my case washing dishes and then cooking in a casual dining restaurant.  Got my first check and got lucky -- one of my co-workers was looking for a roommate.  Kept working.  Saved a little money. Kept working, third different job by then.   Went to community college at night and kept working.   Major company was moving into US market, were building a lab and factories in my town.  I applied, was hired.  Used educational benefits to get four year degree.  Worked hard, got promoted, changed jobs, got promoted, eventually got laid off, but found another job in six weeks, worked hard, got promoted, changed jobs, kept working hard and now...make over $100K a year.   It was definitely not a linear path up, it took a little over twenty years, and there were lots of ups and downs, were some definite setbacks, but the idea of  ever  going back to the original situation -- sleeping in an abandoned barn and looking for food where ever it could be found -- kept me moving.
0	I did something like this one time... not really. Well I was driving home one day from work at like 10am since I was there at 1am. And being up since the day before at 9am. Well my brain went full retard on me and the idea popped into my head that well, if I keep my hands on the steering wheel, It would just autopilot it for me. I caught my logic pretty fast after closing my eyes for like 3 seconds.
0	Ooh! A bike story! My turn!   Kid that lives across the road from me was fucking awful. Bullied me and my younger sister for most of our childhood years. When we moved away I finally managed to lose contact with him.   A few years go by, me and the kid are in high school together, though little to no interaction between us as we were in different classes and had different friends. Get to the second year of high school and after inorganic collection week (a week each year you pile all your crap from couches to boxes from the attic on your front lawn, people pick through what they want and at the end of however many days the government comes and takes it all away) I hear that something awful has happened. The kid who tormented me for years picked up a bike from one of the piles and began to ride it home. Going down the steepest hill in the area (that we lived halfway down) he realised that the brakes didn't function, and apparently went head on into a bus. In a coma for a few days, when he eventually came back to school months later we happen to be in food tech class together, and suddenly he's as nice as he can be to me. Perhaps it was cuz I was suddenly 6' while he was maybe 5'5", or maybe he knew karma is out to get him...
0	Go skydiving or something.  Perhaps you have all the creds in the right place but nothing to make you stand out from a similar candidate who paints, plays piano, or something memorable.  Have something unique in your portfolio that shows you are a normal person or did something others would envy you for: "Wow you tried to break the world record for standing on your head....interesting tell me more about that."  Then you become talk of the town "I had a guy today try to break the world record for standing on his head.  He didn't get even close but the balls on this guy...I like him...he's like just a normal guy."  "Does he have a good portfolio".  "Yeah he's a'ight".  "Great lets offer him a position."
0	I do not think the USA will launch a nuke at NK except if we are somehow getting decimated and it's the only way to slow down North Korea. South Korea, Japan, and China are way too close to not be affected by the nuclear fallout. We would be harming our "allies" (China is being a bitch, but we are still economic allies) unnecessarily. Our missile defense system would shoot the missile down, make a quick phone call to SK and their 600k man army will proceed to invade NK along with US troops stationed there, to be joined by US marines and the US navy shortly thereafter. Navy will take control of the skies in a few days and proceed to bomb the shit out of NK military bases and look for additional nuclear launch sites to either take out from the sky or drop in special forces to neutralize. All while the South Korean army and US marines proceed to whoop the shit out of them until the US army shows up, then it becomes a slaughter. North Korea may have a larger standing army at the moment, but US soldiers are much better trained and equipped plus we would have an influx of volunteers and if that isn't enough (which I seriously doubt, who wouldn't enlist if a country just tried to nuke your country?)   Oh wait, North Korea tried to attack the US with nuclear weapons unprovoked? Hello UN forces, glad you guys can join the party.   Basically it's going to be the Korean war all over again, except this time we are going to finish the job.
1	Finding champions you enjoy playing within the meta isn't hard to do, and it shifts quite often. You'll probably find yourself winning more by following the meta too, it's the whole idea behind it after all.
1	I don't really understand why they came out with this whole system. I really liked how they added the different tiers (i.e bronze,silver,gold,plat and so on) but still kept the original ELO standard. It gave me more initiative to play ranked. But now with this league system, winning just doesn't feel as satisfying as it used to. I just don't like being assigned to some silly group named after a champion with like 40 other people.   I also Don't like how they've put a glass ceiling for players, Get to challenger tier GG. With the previous system players had virtually limitless potential and the ELO bar could go as high as we saw fit.
0	When I worked in a grocery store we had a fat women flag down one of our sacker's in the parking lot who was getting shopping carts at the time to have him bring her a motorized scooters.  He brought her the scooter and went back to get carts, well about 10 minutes later he noticed that she never came into the store.  Naturally we thought it was stolen so we checked the entire shopping center our store was located into find it and didn't find it.  When we get back to the store another store calls us and said that they had a customer with our scooter.  Funny thing she had taken it to a Christian store on the other side of the shop center because they don't have any and she didn't want to walk around their store cause it was to much work for her.
0	Coming to Finland as a foreigner can be the worst experience of your life if you're not good at making friends. Finns are shy and a reserved by default, and for someone coming from a country with a different culture, it can easily come off as rudeness. It took me around 20 years as a Finnish man to become truly social towards strangers, and boy am I in the vast minority. Differs from region to region, too, people in Helsinki are generally way more open than people up north.
1	It's because League's engine is complete shit. The company outsourced its customer service to its own customers in the Tribunal, made more money than Blizzard last year and still barely puts anything back into the game. They didn't even do maintenance this week and the patch that was scheduled for the 6th simply never happened with no warning or update regarding it being late save one that said, "these final hours of the season" implying there were less than 23 hours left.   They took the DotA concept, got rich quick, and now are just.. holding on heralding their product as the be-all end-all of E-sports while simultaneously taking as much money out of their corporation as is humanly possible. An almost 7 year old company created by, "entrepreneurial gamers" that takes as much as it can and gives almost nothing back.   There are thousands of issues that make the game a joke from a professional standpoint. Warcraft 3, for example, took great strides to prevent all manners of exploits and bugs in unit pathing, etc. In this game you can literally look at the Fog of War in a place your team has no vision and see certain spell effects and animations and it's such a problem most pro-players plan for it by not using skins or taking certain jungle routes. Pathing is a joke; minion/creep behavior is coded by a dog, apparently and 20% of the items sold in the store are never purchased.   Oh yeah, less than 18% of all new champions released are, "viable" at tournament level play. It's all a facade. They have guys like Morello and Xypherous pretending to be hardasses who just care about game balance in a game with a shitty engine, exploitable mechanics, stupid bugs that haven't been fixed in more than 3 years who touts, "the biggest prize pool in e-sports history" while not accounting for the fact that the prize is divided by 5 plus the sponsor's cut. Cool.   Did I mention they secretly amended Azubu Frost's punishment to be 20% of total prize winnings? If I was Azubu Frost I'd lose on purpose just so they'd have to pay the entire thing out to TPA. I hope that's what they did.
1	League will only reach its peak when Riot decides to move on, and even then, there is probably such a dedicated community that there would be someone like Garena that would take the servers over for them.   The beauty of this game is that it is like a sport. Has football ever had a discussion of "reaching its peak"? The game is constantly changing, before it was hard-hitting football and now its fast-paced score-as-much-as-you-can, because there is a meta just like league. And it changes constantly because people are innovating.   As long as Riot keeps adding new champs, items, nerfs/buffs, etc., the meta will constantly shift and old players will stay to try out the AP Trynd or AP Eve of the month. And as long as the old players stay, new players will keep coming. LoL has a ridiculously high retention rate compared to other MMOs.   People think that the toxic attitude in leveling is a big issue, but it really isn't. People have grown up now with the toxic attitudes in games like CoD, and I think new players will just ignore it.   The real reason people will keep coming is they hear how much their friends play it, and then when they hear its free, there is no downside to trying it out. For something like WoW, people might not want to commit themselves to a game they know they will have to pay for eventually.   Add on top of that the easy-to-run graphics, not being pay-to-win, and the lack of real innovative competition, LoL still has a while to go before being knocked off the top. The only game in the coming future that I think has the only chance of hurting LoL is Blizzard's secret MMO (I think its called Titan) because it'll bring back all the old WoW players.
0	I know that feel. My one legged ex used that as an excuse every time she did something I got mad at her for. Just break down and say she was stressed about her health. Finally, we were vacationing in the mountains and I received a random call from a dude who said she had been dating him all along, and i was the other guy. She of course had the same excuse. She was just a shitty person and there is no excuse for that. I checked into my own hotel room and left her there in the morning, about eight hours from where we lived with no ride.
1	Actually ever game is about the same worth in MMR gain/loss. The LP changes are kinda irrelevant, because the promotion to next league is triggered by MMR.   Here's my usual copy-paste explanation:   LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of EVERY league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
1	It seems you need more than a shorter
0	I have insomnia frequently and try to save Reddit for nights I can't sleep. Sometimes boredom gets the better of me and I take to Reddit during the day.  I am always depressed when I can't sleep and I type in Reddit and all the posts are purple.
1	This post is confusing to me... because none of the champions you listed as "can carry like no tomorrow" are actually strong carries to my knowledge... You might want to shift towards true hypercarries, champions that can affect bot lane, champions that can farm easily, and snowball champions.   True hypercarries are champions like Tryndamere, Karthus, Jax, Kog'Maw, Vayne, and Nasus (assuming you can outlane/outfarm your opponent as well as you say you can). Given enough farm, these champions are all capable of killing more than one enemy unaided, whether it be through powerful dueling, survivability, or simply raw damage output.   Champions like Karthus, Shen, Kassadin, Twisted Fate, Ahri, and Gangplank come to mind for champions that can carry and affect the map, whether through high mobility or global ultimates. If you can effectively farm off of the enemy bot lane and force dragons, you can carry the game.   Champions that farm easily are able to last hit very effectively. The best example I can think of is Mordekaiser, since he can easily clear not only minion waves, but also jungle camps with great speed, though there are plenty of others like Vladimir, Anivia, Gragas, and galio; basically anyone with good wave clear fits in this category. By farming well you can do stupid things like triple your lane opponent's cs. Forget going +40; try +140, and even better potentially. If you have enough minion kills more than your opponents you will be able to kill multiple opponents, especially with your team's help.   For Snowball champions, try champions like Talon, Leblanc, Kassadin, Jungle Alistar, Shaco, Twitch, Akali, and Fizz. All of these champions have the potential to become true wrecking balls with an early game kill or two. In general it becomes easier and easier to kill enemies with levels and gold advantage on these champions. Some are more early game dependant than others, and don't expect to pick any of them up on the first try.   Also, understand that if you're anything like me, you will come across games you just can't carry. It's okay. Climbing takes time and lots of games. be encouraged a bit by the fact that, at least in my experience, the 1200's are probably the hardest climb. I'm around 1400, 1450 on a good day, and I slowly crawled my way up there from around 900 or so (fully deserved, mind you, I sucked back then). I find that you'll hit a pattern of climbing a ways, then falling back down. then climbing a bit more, then falling back down again. It sucks, and it can be pretty discouraging, but I doubt that starting over will really help you.   Don't believe the talk you'll hear from time to time about duo queue either. Unless you have a good ad/support pairing, it's usually a lot harder to win in my experience (whether it's because your teammates are unwilling to give you what you want position-wise, or because matchmaking gave your opponents 100 elo advantage on you).   Finally, my last word of advice: check your attitude at the door. I've won ranked games with stupid, terrible team comps (try 5 ap champs-- not hybrid, true, pure, deathcap building ap's; duo lane talon/katarina with 20 cs each by 10 minutes; etc.), horrible starts/throws that seemed impossible to recover from (bot lane reverse legendary by 10 minutes; team getting aced multiple times for free during baron fights).  Time spent flaming, time spent arguing about what to do, time spent criticizing allies actions (which is all too often just flaming that you pretend is helpful), and time spent despairing about how far behind your team has fallen is all wasted time.
0	Well, it's not the same as Reddit, really. However, Reddit is full of purists who try to stick to the old laws of the internet.   It all started with 4chan, although, minor instances of viral content occurred before that time too. 4chan is to have credit for most viral image macros and internet pranks. Unfortunately, 4chan does not have the best reputation and that's, how I believe, Reddit rose to it's glory. Reddit, has some minor tweaks and uses a similar concept as 4chan.   Reddit's website concept allows content to be judged and spread easily. Thanks to Reddit, one does not have to lurk 4chan, camp several IRC channels or check one's emails every five minutes. Viral content, of interest, will automatically hit the front page. It's simple and centralised.   Reddit, basically, is the modern way of knowing if something went viral. So why spread something that has been seen by, probably, most internet users anyway? Only Trolls, Slowpokes and Karma-Whores do this. 9Gag, almost by definition, is ruled by Slowpokes. Since, Facebook users mostly get their content from 9Gag, they are probably ignorant Slowpokes.   Sorry, I got passionately sidetracked...going back on topic.   I am not sure how we came to Imgur, however, it's currently favoured by Redditors when it comes down to uploading images. I, personally, come from a time when Photobucket was preferred. The point is, that it all starts with the OP. The creator uploads it on the internet and shares it somewhere and the commonly depicted digestive cycle is as follows: 4chan > Reddit > Digg > Meme Base > Funnyjunk > 9Gag > FaceBook.   Naturally, it's a bit more complicated and the cycle has been changing. Especially FaceBook users, lately, have dared to cut in line, thus slowly changing the cycle. The way Facebook is made, any content directly shared on Facebook is likely to be endorsed by Circlejerks (why be friends with someone who doesn't like what you share?). It's a bad concept to make something go viral. IMO, they are untrue memes.   Ok, let me wrap this post up...because I think I can't get much closer to a good answer.   Bottom line is that the internet works in mysterious ways. Sometimes there is a good reason to do something, however, if 4chan taught us one important lesson, it's to:  "do it for the lulz" . Sometimes it's just fun to do something stupid or troll.
1	But who cares when it comes to tournament games where every small advantage, even the very slightest, can be abused like that. Also the 5% win ratio from blue to purple isn't entirely indicative of the difference because most people below the most elite ELO won't know how to abuse this advantage.
0	It's extremely hard to "be yourself" in situations and social groups that don't engage you. You may notice that the people who are extremely loud and obnoxious seem to have everyone flock to them, but it's mainly because they are basically throwing their arms in the air, exposing their personality to anyone willing to listen. It gives most people the sort of ice breaker he/she needs to find someone to gravitate to:  loud person (lets call this person Bill for simplicity's sake) Bill appreciates quiet person Sue (again, only for simplicity) because Sue is willing to listen and empathize with Bill; Sue appreciates Bill because Bill fills the void, makes the jokes laughs when Sue makes the occasional joke and is generally good company. While this works, if    Bill stays this goofball who keeps the spotlight firmly on himself and doesn't try to engage with Sue, then Sue will develop this hollow feeling because Bill is not letting her express herself and it will seem like any remark Bill says, Sue agrees with because Sue won't be showing any form of expression aside from embarrassment.  In the meantime, Sue cannot simply leave Bill to engage her because that is forcing Bill to combat a problem that is not being brought to his attention, denying this makes it worse three-fold AT MINIMUM. Wallflowers must voice their opinion as well, for complaining that no one engages them simply begs the question why they haven't engaged others: the answers will be strikingly similar.   This example happens in many different aspects, even family. A way to combat this tense nature: Sue invites Bill to things roughly as often as Bill invites Sue. By making Bill the guest and Sue the host, it gives Sue this established presence that she is the host, which welcomes Bill into her life, it gives Bill a chance to meet on Sue's terms instead of vice versa.
0	If you (the bullied) are thrilled about someone's death (the bully), you might not be any better.   You are missing something here... ah, yes - logic.  Being happy that someone who tormented you (especially if they did it for  years ) does not put you on the same level as the tormentor.  Whom does one hurt by being happy about the death of their tormentor?  Does one celebrating the death of a villain harm the villain? The villains parents? No.  No it does not.  In the end, the bully had an effect on everyone they ever bullied.  The person who was bullied though, their happiness/joy over the death of the bully doesn't effect anyone - and may be a relief for the enjoyer after years of struggling with the trauma they went through.
1	I'm just gonna guess that you are probably playing Ezreal, like everyone else is. This iswhat I see every other game with Ez players: While he can be ridiculus in lane because of his strong poke, burst and easy escapes, exactly those attributes often lead to horrible teamfights. Hitting your skillshots and arcane shifting around might be perfectly fine in lane, but in teamfight you need to AUTO ATTACK the shit out of everyone who comes near you, or you just won't put out enough damage to make a difference. Somehow many people fail to realise this. Not to mention that an arcane shift at at the last second won't stop the enemy team from collapsing onto you anymore after laning phase has ended, even if you're 5/0. I'd suggest switching to another ADC to get a better feeling for making an impact. While I personally prefer winning games and at the same time impress them by being the most beautiful butterfly on summoners rift, I'd suggest maybe giving Miss Fortune a try. She can be even more dominating during laning and you'll probably get a better feeling for teamfights. This, of course, is only my own opinion as your average euw gold-elo player.
1	I disagree, but you already saw my stance and made this comment anyway, so I'll explain my point a bit more.   DotA has been around for a long time, I don't know how long exactly, but I was playing it in highschool so it's been around for at least 8 years.  LoL has been around for a much shorter time, 2 years sounds about right.  When DotA first came out it was chaos in comparison to how LoL started.  There weren't people streaming DotA showing everyone the 'best' way to do something, there weren't a lot of pro player guides shaping how people thought, and there was nothing close to a 'meta' for a very long time.  There also wasn't a ranked ladder in DotA like there is in LoL.  This created an environment in DotA where there was a lot of experimentation and led to a dynamic play.  DotA and it's community had a very long time to develop into what they are today.   Then you have LoL, which had streams and pros and guides so early that anyone new to the game could already find out what they 'should' be doing.  This is because a lot of people who had years of experience from DotA, ToB, EotA, etc came over to LoL.  Newer players saw what  players with high elo did and, being naive, took it as law.  This led to a lack of experimentation which resulted in what you've described as a static meta.  But that doesn't mean that LoL lacks in strategy, it merely means that the community is ignoring a lot of what COULD be done for what they see as what SHOULD be done.
0	Like every sub-community, it has it's vocal crowd. I'm fine with generalizations because I'm smart enough to understand that while a large majority of people ARE a certain way... it doesn't hold true for the entire population. Or...
0	Yes. This. My sister and I were in a car accident about a year ago. It was overcast and drizzling. She was driving and she pulled out onto the highway after stopping at a stop sign, checking, and not seeing any oncoming vehicles. She saw a row of cars in a turning lane who clearly had their lights on. But when she pulled out, a silver truck came out of nowhere and hit us and sent us spinning. She obviously would have seen him if he had had his lights on, but no such luck. We were both okay with the exception of bruises and me having to get three staples in my scalp. Unfortunately, they cannot confirm that he had his lights off because of the lack of witnesses, so it was deemed as her fault for pulling out. So no insurance help with her totaled car and a big raise in price of insurance. And on top of that, the guy is trying to sue my mother for "putting an inexperienced driver on the road," which is bullshit, because she had been driving for at least two years at that point.  I think it should be a law everywhere that if it is raining or even drizzling you must have your lights on.
0	Don't do this! I recently worked at a call centre, where we block nuisance calls. The company posts these fake call blocking sites, offering a free service, in order to receive your number and personal details, so they can sell them on to scam companies, who in turn, do the same. Over time more and more companies will have your details, to the point where you'll be getting so pissed off with all the calls that you'll be willing to PAY to stop them. The free service doesn't cover international calls, or non registered businesses. If you pay, it does work. Your number will be blocked for life* but basically, it's a scam, to get you pay for something you don't really need.
0	Sure, I can give a story :P   I just recently got hired as a cashier at a local high end grocery store. I work the over night shift (11pm to 7:30am) and after only two days of training in the past two weeks, today was my second day of being on my own. Everything was fine, I work well when it's night because there's less people and my anxiety is kept relatively low, until 7am. Unknown to me, there was one of those huge sales. Like  moms with binders full of coupons  sales, and I was totally over whelmed. I had a line of 6 moms with carts full at 6:50am, waiting for the sale to start. Apparently due to bad scheduling, there was no back up cashier until 7:20. Putting on my best customer service smile, I apologized to the line, telling them it was only my second day and I would appreciate their patience. That's when my scanner, the only way to ring up the binders of coupons, started not working. When the coupons weren't scanning, the coupons were either scanning wrong so they didn't double/triple whatever or they wanted to cancel a coupon and an item and use it for later etc which I wasn't taught. Luckily all the customers were moms and took a lot of pity on me and I'll tell you now that I've never had customers as kind as these at any of my jobs. The morning front end manager was able to help me a little between his own line at customer service, but those 6 customers took me literally an hour. After leaving my register at 8 am, tears were running down my cheeks because my anxiety was so high. When I clocked out, I looked at the schedule and realized I was scheduled to work tonight as well. Apparently when I was told about scheduling, they failed to mention they schedule from  Tuesday to Wednesday  not Sunday to Saturday like a normal freaking business. I went home, got 3 hours of sleep and called in when the Customer Service Manager got in. I told her that I just couldn't work tonight. I said that I felt that it was unreasonable to put me on a register by myself, on only my second day of training, when a sale (that I had no clue about until 10 min before it started) was beginning. I told her that I left the store in tears, and that I felt like I had been rushed through training leaving me completely unprepared for today. I expressed that I felt taken advantage of because I'm new and one of few willing to work nights. After telling her all this, she sighed and said I was right, and she was sorry that this happened. She said that the computer is the one that makes the schedule, and I almost had the balls to tell her that is a bad process... but I'm still to beta and I was already shaking and almost crying from speaking my mind. For me to say something is huge for me (especially to an employer because I've had serious bullying experiences at my previous job that I'd never talked to superiors about).
1	I think people only see the positive of this feature all this does is create more time for punishment free trolling and raging. It would probably be used more for complaining about other peoples computer, network, or champ choice more than anything else. If your computer is so fast that you don't want to watch other people load then alt+tab and go read /r/leagueoflegends or watch some youtube.
1	Yep. Such fear mongering about Heroes of the Storm, which from my experience with it, is not going to come close to tanking League or any modes therein.   This reminded me vaguely of when new MMOs come out and everyone takes to the forums to insist the new game is going to jam a steak in WoW's heart and finally end it. Never happens.   Just like WoW is in the MMO genre, League is  the  MOBA and it is pretty safe, as is Dominion. Does Dominion need work? For sure. Is it still fun? You bet. It'll get there. It hasn't been forgotten.   I am quite sure and have been since ARAM was moved to Howling Abyss and integrated into Freljord that the Crystal Scar is going to move to Shurima (And as I predicted, Skarner was moved to Shurima to establish important rivalries with other Shuriman champions that he previously lacked in entirety, not to mention Nasus, Sivir, Renekton, Xerath and major ties were drawn to Cassiopeia and thus Noxus's influence).   However, it won't be for a while. I think what happened was the Summoner's Rift update took longer than anticipated (and rightfully so), and this pushed back Dominion's visual upgrade and move from Kalamanda (a place which had no reason to even exist and featured one isolated champion) to Shurima (a zone rich with champions, storylines, and plot potential..at least recently).   In saying all this, I think we just need to be patient. Once Summoner's Rift is completed, this leaves the entire environmental design team to shift their focus to the only visually outdated map: Crystal Scar.   Only only concern is that they will place seasonal skins for Rift as a higher priority to Crystal Scar. I doubt that will happen, though.
0	I wish I could take credit for it but it was really when we rounded a corner and felt like we'd gotten far away, panting, rolling on some stuff we bought from a Nigerian gentleman at a corner bar:   Me "Guess that's where we leave the pub crawl." Andy looks right at me "the Bloc is so hot tonight"
0	This was my first thought when everyone was all upset about the NSA. They didn't catch the Boston Bombers who were using the Internet to research all sorts of nefarious activities.   Even after the bombing, they didn't have the intelligence to catch them. They had to use surveillance videos!
1	Well, just be aggresive. When you are SoloQ'ing, pick a lane bully as adc and a poker/heavy CC support, and you'll be fine. Right when the blue sides ADC and support arrives at lane, go for the harass. Yesterday I played against a Corki and Karma, I know, not the most picked bottom lane, but they did golems, I played as MF and had a Thresh support with me, we went very aggresive and snowballed that lane, hard. Because they were low on hp after the golems, we just harrased them a bit and zoned them out of the creeps, so they couldn't use their xp advantage at all.
0	To quote Stalin "The death of one man is a tragedy, the death of millions is a statistic." It's easier for us to put a face to the twelve people who died in the theater and give them back stories that humanize them. The 1000s of Syrians are more or less faceless specters that might as well live on Saturn as far as most people are concerned. It's tough to truly comprehend that amount of human suffering. Also the deaths of the Syrians can be viewed as expected. They are experiencing civil war, so death is a regular occurrence . After all it is war. These were people just sitting in a movie theater.
1	Don't do it. HoN is so terrible that you can barely stand it. They just copied LoL then added all this weird shit like replays, advanced stat tracking, and items that do some funky shit. The first time you realize that you can view the stats of every match you have ever played and download a replay that is viewable from any angle, you will cry when you realize just how dog shit terrible you are.   Also, the maps are super limited. They don't have anything that can compete with LoL's magma chamber (Q4 2011). I mean, they released some bullshit map editor or something, but I prefer the excitement of LoL's fictional maps. After all, satisfaction is the death of desire! Can't believe those suckers at S2 wasted 1/2 of Magma Chambers development time on a program that can make Magma Chamber.   Also, the community is TERRIBLE. There's no automatic system to punish leavers, they don't actively post how many users have been banned, and people get MAD! They also have a community manager who is a dick and actively trolls the official forums. Wait, what game were we talking about again?
0	holy shit! if you actually read what I wrote and thought about it you'd realize 3 comments later you are still agreeing with me and now violently so.
0	This happens to me, I wipe my ass until there is blood on the TP and after walking around or sitting for awhile, just enough comes out again to need wiped.
1	Having played all of these champs, and most of these champs for quite a few games, I can say that these champs actually do provide a ton even without auras.   Amumu has a passive that reduces enemy MR and percent health based AoE damage.   Rammus has Armor based AD and a frakkin long taunt. Also his ult damages tower.   Alistar and Leona are incredible CC dispensers. Leona has more CC and more frequent CC, but Alistar can stun half the enemy team every 12 or so seconds if he has good placement.   Malphite has a passive that makes health stacking much more cost efficient, which makes Atma's all the more viable. He also has some of the best initiation in the game with his Q and Ult, and his W means that he doesn't have to build as much armor as he would otherwise (making health even more useful).   The only ones I haven't played much are Galio and Maokai. I know Maokai is a strong poke champ, with good CC. And Galio has a game changing Ult if he can place it well, and has some way to prevent CC (either team fight awareness or BV).   I will be the first to admit that Sunfire cape is awesome and great fun on Amumu, that shurelya's makes Alistar's pushes easier to place, and that Frozen Heart makes everyone's lives easier except for Rammus and maybe Galio. However, the kits these champs possess is why they can tank. It's why they can't be ignored even with full tanking gear, and why they don't need scaling to be incredibly effective.   Auras are always nice, and shouldn't just be advised for Support and tanks. Tell your fiddle to get abyssal, your AD sion or teemo to get stark's, and your Nasus or other tri force core champs to get aegis. Auras do great things, but they don't make tanks viable. /end of rant
0	What cookie says.   It makes me super sad though. I didn't lose my virginity until 20 days before I turned 19 (Note so I don't seem like OAG here - I only remember that because that date is also my first ex's birthday).   But, even with "good" education for sex ed there is still tons of misinformation because it doesn't want to upset parents by teaching kids how to be safe. What I remember from my high school is that anal has no chance of pregnancy, oral can't pass STDs, that only fully straight and fully gay are your sexualities, polyamorous/open relationships don't exist, only condoms and the pill will prevent pregnancy, ad infinitum bullshit.   My school at least mentioned to take the birth control pill every day, and someone I went to high school with called me sobbing one day because her period was one (1!) day late and she's like "You wanna be a midwife, you're from a family of nurses, you must know!" So I grill her for a bit and turns out she hasn't taken her pill in about four months... Aye. :(
1	I don't feel like professionalism is an issue when it comes to this. Riot aren't the fun police, they're not gonna punish people for drinking and putting on a show for the purpose of entertainment/comedy. As for the "anti-LoL agenda", the idea for this came from SotG's Christmas special, which is just as rowdy. Also, most people in the SC scene are actually neutral about LoL and don't give a fuck about what Slasher and iNcontrol have to say. Also, after the shitshow that was DJWheat's tantrum on Inside the Game a while back, no one has a right to make fun of LoL shows for being unprofessional anyway.
1	I had two friends mix up their champs in a 5s game, only it wasn't like normal where you forget to switch champs at the end. One wanted to play mid, one wanted to play top. They picked the champs, forgot they were going to switch, and even absent mindedly discussed runes and masteries, and what they should build on their (each other's) champ against the other team's picks.   Game starts...OH SHIT I WANTED TOP SWITCH SWITCH SWITCH.   Apparently you can't switch accounts with a friend after starting the game, Riot IP-blocks you from logging on to your account from a different computer once the game starts.
0	Someone ought to invent cigarettes that keep the flavor of regular cigarettes but are way less addictive and way less harmful (when used in moderation). This way you preserve the smoking culture but you bring it down to alcohol levels. You would then have to develop a clear, functional system to tackle alcohol addiction (and thus cigarette addiction too).
1	Mid :  Master Yi (Noobs don't get how he gets the reset)   Jungle :  Maokai (Noobs can't be snared or they die)   Top :  Shen (Noobs can't play against global) (Maybe Darius too)   ADC :  Caitlyn (meh, obvious poke)   Support :  Lulu maxing E and grabbing full APC masteries and runes and some early MagicPen (Die to poke, because noobs can't play against poke)   As a Plat II player helping friends on a daily basis (and Ex-booster), this is the secret. I main jungle tho, so I get to play other junglers like Hecarim, Vi and Xin zhao who does a wonderful job carrying scrubs up to mid gold.
1	This post pretty much personifies why I hate mathcrafting so much. In S2, Nashor's Tooth was easily the most cost effective item in the game - but you almost never saw it purchased. Why? Because the combination of stats was only useful on literally three heroes - Teemo, Jax, and Kayle. Maybe Xin Zhao, but not as a serious purchase. Regardless of how cost effective Wraith Spirit it, the stats it gives such, and the Spirit Stone build path is  horrible  for laners.   Just because an item is cost effective, doesn't mean it's useful. Spellvamp is a very niche stat, and almost none of the heroes who want Spellvamp are going to be mana heroes, which makes the build path even  more  of a waste. Moreover, no strong AP jungler would need this item. Diana doesn't need it, Elise certainly wouldn't need it, and there's no way in hell Fiddlesticks would need it. Karthus  might  like it, but it wets back his build and it's by no means a required item for jungle Karthus.
1	Being a manager of a professional team is a job, and I think it should be treated as such. This thread isn't entirely for coming up with ways to help the players out, but also a PSA that you really need to trust your manager and make sure he/she is the best one you can find before you get into the LCS. > Edit: And just a little side note, I love Phranq! (He's complexity's manager) I've never felt closer to a manager and he really loves his team and what he does. You da best Phranq.
1	What I've come to notice is that Regi seemingly never accepts that maybe it was his fault but blames it on others like a typical Rageinald. Oh. It was your fault that you didn't ult me that one time as Shen. You should have known. That CLG game. Oh Wildturtle kept getting caught when he dove as a karthus during the nocturne ult. He never admits he's wrong.   As well as he overly thinks he's super important, "Oh. I'm the one who contributes the most to this game. I'm the only one who wants to win this game. My team. They are so hard to work with. I'm playing with a bunch of idiots." It's paraphrasing but he has way too much of an ego. And everyone just can't argue against him because he has control over the team and most likely know that they won't win against him or that it'll contribute anything. Not because he's right but because he's so stubborn.   He's also arguing for the sake of winning instead of just arguing to improve.   Xpecial:  Silent   Reginald: "Are you arguing with me?"
0	Well societal law says a lot of stupid, nonsensical shit that doesn't/shouldn't apply to real world situations. For example, it's illegal for me to fuck a girl who is 15, a week away from her birthday. The week after, I can impregnate her every week and high five her dad, show him my dick, and let him know I put it in his daughter every day, because she's of consenting age. (Yes I know this varies state to state).   It's insane how a 12 year old boy can show a picture of his dick to his girlfriend, and have his whole life destroyed for "distribution of child pornography."   It's baffling that 12 year olds must adhere to the same abortion laws as adults.   It confuses me as to why women who fake rape aren't given extraordinarily severe punishments, since they ruin the lives of their accused while simultaneously making it harder for real rape victims to find justice..   It's weird how a woman can simply say "no" at any time during intercourse and have it count as rape, while a man can say no and it's considered hilarious.   It's disgusting how, in California, there is a law that allows for a man to rape a woman if she consents to it thinking he is someone else, and then later realizes her error and freaks out. Oh, wait, this is  illegal  as long as the woman is married. If she is unmarried, she is fair game in the world of rape.   That brings me to my last point: Marriage law. It's fucking stupid and makes zero sense. I have a girlfriend? I decide to rape and murder 400 children? Cool, she can testify and put me away. We're married? Her testimony doesn't count. WAT.
1	I feel your pain. I picked up LoL around may but started playing daily about 2 weeks ago. The amount of afk'ing/trolling/flaming is incredibly high. I reached lvl 15 with (some) co-op vs AI and normal blind pick and at lvl 20 i'll go draft pick every time (just to learn the roles better). I watch some streams and learned a shitton of it and I think the LoL tutorial is sooooo f'ing poor. Normal blind pick can be a pain of the ass at low lvsl because these 'noobs' don't even know what cs is, go for the most ridiculous builds (yesterday: ez had 4x IE) and don't know that there are roles in the game. If anyone on EUW wants to have fun and learn to play better with me, pm me please !!!!
1	today while playing full metal jungle rammus someone on the opposite team told someone on our team to 'upgrade their toaster'.   I made an :O face in all chat.  Then a :( face. And said 'OK'   I upgraded pretty quickly through ganks and we won.
0	You really hit upon the meaning of the law to be honest.  It's completely amorphous, and for many reasons it has to be.  Without going into specifics, I'll do my best to respond to your inquiry.  As you correctly pointed out, it needs to somehow provide "no confusion as to it's intended purpose" while simultaneously incorporating "glaring ambiguities". That really is the law in a nutshell.  (I kind of feel like this is one of those moments where I should say "You stood up to me SasparillaTango.  That  was  the test").  The meaning behind this is that the law needs to be clear to the people that it governs, by telling them what they are allowed to do, prohibited from doing, and including examples of such behavior to illustrate what types of things will fall under the statutes control. That being said, the law is really about exceptions. Blanket laws are usually terrible because it allows no leeway for behavior that would be seen as okay by the masses.  So the incorporate exceptions into the law which allow people to perform this behavior without violating the statute.  In sum, the law needs to find that sweet middle-ground where it is clear to people what it means, while also giving exceptions so that not everyone is in violation.   In terms of why they include things like "fictitious, false, or assumed title", it's because lawyers are trained to split hairs and test the new statute. For example, those all seem like the same thing, but I'll give it the law school student treatment here: A "fictitious" name is one that is entirely made up, like "Captain Cuntbag".  No one would actually have that name (ehh... maybe a person from Hollywood). A "false" name would be if I, loverofreeses, lied and said my name was Bob Brown. An "assumed title" would be if I said "I'm Special Agent John Jones from the FBI".  Do you see the difference?  The reason those are all included there is because of that subtle difference.  They don't want some lawyer coming into court and saying "oh no no your Honor, this guy didn't use a  fictitious  name, he used a  false  name, so he should be let free".  Here, the statute doesn't care which one he used.  They're both not allowed.   In sum, I don't think the people who write the law are intentionally trying to confuse people with the language (although reading some of their shit certainly gives that impression from time to time). In my opinion, it's more a reflection of our system of law, which is built upon precedent (relying on previous decisions to advance law).  Over time, the law evolves and gains all these twisted exceptions because it needs to adapt based on precedent, while still being clear to the subjective reader and allowing for new exceptions for appropriate law.
1	I definitely feel that, simply "wanting to win" is the most important aspect of winning (herp derp?) Let me explain. How many times have you que'd up, only to get that one summoner complaining all game, about your team comp, or that the jungle won't camp top 24/7 when he himself is overextending? He then proceeds to influence others, and the game quickly goes down hill as he types "gg, noob team" constantly in the all chat. Unless every one of your team WANTS to win, it's going to be hard. With that I try to to encourage cooperation in champ select, with basic gestures and trying to simply having a positive attitude. Too often I find, when I'm in a bad mood, I don't play well, and will fall victim to the exact scenario I've described. In that case I'll take a break and work out, or just listen to some music before I decide to play again. This imo, is the "secret" to solo-que (yes if you look up my summoner my ELO sucks. Do as I say, not as I do ;D), but is also the hardest rule to follow.
1	Why does it even matter that your team consists entirely of homosexuals? All that  should  matter~~s~~ is your skill as a team.   Do you remember Team Siren a while back? The "All Womyn" gaming team? All it did was raise controversy when the only thing that ended up mattering was how they measured up to the competition.   Being different, whether that means you are a womyn, gay, bi, trans, etc., should have no effect on how one performs.   Skip the controversy and heartache that's coupled with headlining that your team is entirely homosexual. Instead show everyone how well you measure up in defiance of how a significant portion of society views you.
1	If you're really fed, what you can do for your team is to ward their jungle and keep split pushing. If you feel like you can't do anything mid or at dragon fights just keep pushing and force their jungler and mid top to relieve pressure off other lanes. If they don't go top to help their top laner, take their inhibitor turret.
0	Growing up I owned a rottweiler, who would stay with my grandma while everyone went to school and work,  I was often worried he was too excitable because all we would do is jog together and play fight.   Around her tho, he would lay at her feet in the mornings when she ate breakfast and she would kick off her shoes and tuck her feet under him to keep her toes warm.  She usually exercised in our garage to keep busy and help battle effects of diabetes,  one day he wouldn't let her pass, at all.  She decides to call up my aunt to tell her about it and chat, well my grandmother dials the number and proceeds to faint which prompted my aunt to check on her.  God knows what could have happened had she fainted while exercising.   I'm 27 now don't any pets but have dreams/goals of buying a house with enough land to have another rott or two.
0	According to [How to be a gentleman, a timely guide for timeless manners]( you should always tip 15% or more if the service is great. In the event of a service so bad that you think that no tip should be given, ask to see the manager and explain to him why you did not tip.
0	Isn't every form of communication "getting to know somebody"? There is a basis for their compliments, just not a particularly in-depth one. Then again, a compliment isn't a very deep and meaningful revelation, and your original comment wasn't a dissertation, either - people just liked your sense of humor and attitude, and responded in kind!
1	it seems my irritation with the whole situation didn't block my points, I'm happy about that.   The part about M5 saying Bg is a completely different thing though, it's organized and obviously nobody in either tsm or M5 will intentionally ruin the game, naturally that excludes the reason to say BG, of course dc's can still happen but in matches where it matters they will pause.   When you play in premades the point about it being similar to soccer and the like stands, because it's a team effort and saying bg there would either be insulting to your own team or the enemy team (Under the asumption that the enemy team doesn't spam insults or you don't get a dc and the enemies abuse that for baron or towers/inhibs in which case BG is obviously stands <- this might be me being buthurt but one can only be as full of sportsmanship as the enemies you're facing)   I've played soccer for 8 years, and I know much about sportsmanship and shaking hands saying well done etc no matter how it was.
1	He is not boring. He is very cool. But he is not a proper adcarry, i prefer to play him on top, he doesnt do much dmg in late, thats why he needs to be tanky to survive his ult.
0	I don't understand the hate of the United States version.  I urge people to go watch the first few sessions of Top Gear UK without cringing.  The hosts have no chemistry and the show is uninteresting.  I feel that Top Gear USA has made progress and has potential to be a pretty great show.  If your looking for a great USA challenge episode look no further than season 1 episode 9 (toughest truck).  the cinematography is on par with the UK version and it is hard to beat the alaskan countryside.  I'm not saying that the US version is better but, it is still a decent motoring show.
0	That's super common from my experiences with other people saying they have had similar occurrences. When my ex cheated on me I found out after months of feeling like something was just off between us; emotionally and physically. After a few weeks I did the stupid thing and snooped around her Facebook rather than just ending it from incompatibility. She had a message to some high school friend asking about making out the next day. Decided to confront her about it and I was obviously at fault for going through her Facebook messages.
1	But prior to Bjerg joining, Regi was arguably the main initiator and shot caller yet other members of TSM clearly stepped up to fill that gap. There's nothing to say that Gleeb can't fulfil that role or that Amazing or Bjergsen or Dyrus can't either, just because Xpecial was the main initiator doesn't mean nobody else was, or is, capable.  I'm not claiming that WildGleeb will be the best botlane NA or that TSM is going to trash everyone else in the LCS but I guess I feel that everyone's explanations for why they're worse off now are too simplistic simply because Monte stated something to that effect and people like to regurgitate it - not that his reasoning was flawed, I just think people take his word as the 'truth' when he definitely wouldn't have all the information necessary to make a solid judgement.   And, I do personally think that it's not so completely outside the realm of possibility to have the new botlane do better than the older one, even in these early stages - though I won't exactly be disappointed if they don't.
0	No way man. Pant-boner happens ALL the time to me in meetings. I'm in my early 20s so I kind of dong like the "mom fat" that women get toward 30, but lem me tell you what! Sitting in the meeting, jabbering about databases, and this broad peeps my pants-boner, i catch her, but she does't notice. This happens a few times throughout the meeting when i lean back in my chair. Now this girl is a mom, but she has an UNRESISTABLE voice and eyes. I swear tits are great but eyes and voice really do it! Anyway after the meeting she asks me to come to my office (in person, don't want that email on company servers), to which I oblige. When I enter, I notice music playing louder than usual in the office. She shuts the door. It's about 11 o'clock, and most people are about to leave for lunch. She doean't say much, just makes small talk about the meeting. Next thing I know, they're out. Her big pillow twins are...just out and she stares at me. She approaches me without a word, begins to undo my pants, and says "Go". I see some lotion on her desk so I decide to apply it to those wonderful Milk Wagons, and begin working my way to giving her a little shower with the tallywacker waxing those sweater kittens.
1	Sorry but criticism in a competitive game sometimes is necessary, albeit he was a little harsh THAT'S OK. This game isn't rated C for Carebear it's T for Teen, his language usage was totally fine for a competitive game. He did not continuously flame he did it lets say 5 times not even flaming just saying in response to ezreal what he was doing wrong. Not as retaliation but to try to get the point across as best he could so as to win the game. The ALL CHAT is not ban worthy at all it's annoying but I don't see him abusing anyone, or harassing anyone to such a point it's punishable. Of you say WTF dude why didn't you grab that, and the guy says fuck you, and you say ok muted. That's not harassment. Adding an insult to injury is not ok when someone does but if the team is trying to explain and you've been saying it all game you're justified in saying as well has that person listened it would have been on such as this guy did.
0	Anyone can claim a religious affiliation to any extent of orthodoxy   This is a desperate last-ditch attempt to be allowed to wear a beard, but there is a legal definition of "religious affiliation" and you're required to meet it to get an exemption. You can't just claim you're a Muslim or something and therefore can't shave. You need the assertion of a religious organization to qualify. I, personally, have terminated people for lying about their religious affiliation in order to get around rules (though not at Publix). It's a real thing, it really happens.
0	Strange coincidence, it's only when dealing with seeming religious fundamentalists that I find great hate and intolerance.. Must be a reaction from the counterpoint.   My good man, you are the only one displaying hatred and intolerance for an opinion! lol   >You're the one making the strawman bud. I didn't explicitly point out "Adult downs" as a birth defect.   You made an all-encompassing statement; I gave an example. If you killed off everyone that has something wrong with them, scientists would have no reason to attempt to cure such things, which would likely lead to them gaining strength over time and becoming possibly incurable when they would've been otherwise manageable.   This opinion is unpopular for a reason: it is insensitive in the greatest form of insensitivity. It's an insult to the people who have struggled to raise decent children when they're having to deal with these hardships, but still manage to create successful adults out of them. It's basically saying that you and your "unpopular friends" should be able to decide who should live and die.
0	A thought occurred to me and maybe I am crazy but what if Kim Jong-Un is doing this because his country is in trouble and he needs a way out?   Kim inherits a corrupt, fucked up mess from his bat-shit crazy father.  His father has systematically alienated every trading partner and ally North Korea every had.   Kim sees his people are starving but he can't  ask  the US for help because it would cause him and the country to lose face, which would be unacceptable. So his starts building weapons of mass destruction.   He figures the US will invade like they did with Iraq, he will get deposed but still live comfortably because all of his money has been moved offshore.  Maybe he stands trial but he really just got into power and hasn't done anything too horrible yet. The North Koreans get saved, the US gets a (another) strong hold in Asia, and he gets to step down gracefully...   But the US doesn't invade.  Kim doesn't have oil.  No reason for the US to go in.  China is not helping. Getting desperate he starts sabre-rattling...
1	I love TSM but they are going to have have a top carry to have international success. Faker has Marin Cool has gogoing Bjergsen has Dyrus? I think dyrus has what it takes to win NA, but he dies way to much for his team in laning phase and when TSM can't get anything on the otherside of the map like how SKT and other good teams will stop them from doing so.
1	I don't agree with this to be honest.   Firstly, we're talking about a free game here - we essentially donate money to Riot each time we add RP to our accounts. Riot have been nice enough to provide us with a free game which can be play at a professional level without as putting spending a penny on your account.   > the riot point system was intentionally designed to waste your money with left over riot points   Everyone has a certain amount of self control, some less than others. But again, people "wasting" their money isn't down to Riot, it's down to the user wasting their own money. This isn't gambling after all, it's a free to play game.   I believe Riot have hit the nail on the head.   They've provided one of, it not, the most popular game in the world for free.   And then on top of that they will top of you RP (which costs money) for FREE, to allow you to purchase an item you're a few RP off. So what if they give you an extra 5 RP, I wouldn't complain about it....
0	Gddammit, I hope you read this because I mean well, care a lot for some reason, and am up late so feel like writing something with some meaning.  Won't tell you what to do because that's not my place but "destroying the dream" just obviously sounds unpleasant/shitty because it very likely is.  I spend much of my days reading all that I can about how people make decisions, go through life and assign emotions to certain things they're experiencing.  Ruining the image of your best friend, or the fantasy of that old relationship returning even, seems to me as something that may indeed work, but only because it inhibits or kills an important part of you and more obviously your life history.  If anyone thinks you can just fuck with your own mind in such a front-end superficial way, they might be kidding themselves.  You will ALWAYS remember him fondly until Alzheimer's maybe gets your ass later in life :P.  All I know is I don't want to tarnish the thought of my best friend and actually feeling myself...and not all relationships end on bad terms, you might be remembering the time fondly because it really was great and just came to an end.  As well, consider that the bad things you remember about someone (which some commentors are saying you should boost in your mind :/ ) might have only been the honest mistakes of someone just as wildly confused as yourself in life struggling to feel true love.  Gddammit, (lol username) if you have so much time as you say, maybe think about using this motivation you're feeling (you did work up the courage to post online) to really find yourself...blahblah.  That's not some bullshit sentence though.  I know you can realize that the pain and your situation is most simply put, "fucked up."  Most confession bear situations are xD.  No clear answers available and what questions could even be asked? Do i leave? Do i stay? When I ask myself those questions in a relationship it basically feels like I'm answering blindly using the words of every hollywood rom-com I've ever seen and not my own.  That's why giving direct advice even can seem dangerous in my opinion.  But try something of your own tomorrow, this week, whenever if you don't truly do this...  Get yourself some free time and try hard to stop trying so hard.  Somehow figure out how to quit freaking out bout your bills, job, relationship, health, whatever for 20 damn minutes and just open your eyes, leave your computer and phone in the other room and chill out.  Ponder whatever you want to ponder, just be careful not to ruin the experience by feeling unnecessarily anxious or thinking what you're doing is stupid or only my idea.  You customize it and remember most importantly that you have free alone time right now and have no real responsibilities.  If you can really just figure out what your own thoughts truly are (because no outside sources are going to help you as much as you can yourself IMHO, and you'll know when you're kidding yourself) you might realize that you can handle your own problems with much more power, assertiveness, and decisiveness.
0	Will they? Will they really?   Yep, I know your Mom told you that you were a special flower but realistically if you think you're the only one with the capablity, drive and skillset then you haven't looked around much. Hell, Reddit is full of Grads working in Starbucks waiting for a decent job.   However, you're welcome to do things whatever way you want. It just does no harm to try and take the perspective of the person you're sending your stuff to and try and walk a mile in their shoes.   I know you think you're awesome but out of those 500 CV's there aren't too many applicants that don't. Oh, and most CV's are artificially inflated bullshit with 75% of stuff that isn't of interest or use. Yes, I hear you, you're definitely the one that isn't, but there's still 499 others and no employer wants to wade through all those.
0	No. Well, when I first got it I was a douche. But I loved how it felt because I've only ever had stock speakers. I really only listen to alternative rock and metalcore. I am not a fan of dubstep, techno, or bassy rap (what most douche's love to blast). Occasionally something will catch my ear that sounds good.   But what I do love, is good, quality sounding music. And with my sound system, I get kick ass sound quality. Everything is clear and balanced. I have spent many night twisting my subsonic, crossover, subwoofer, tweet settings on my amps. I love music more than I love anything else.   I want great sounding music and nothing is more fucking stupid than a car that blasts music and when you get inside the only thing you can hear is the bass, no highs or mids, vocals or anything. Just bass. Fuck those guys. Because of douche bags like them, I get self-righteous, I'm better than you, dick heads, like you, on my ass when I say I have a sound system in my car.   So, yes, I do have a sound system that turns girls on and stops old people's hearts, but I drive alone 99% of the time, and I have it tweaked to sound GOOD and I don't need to hear just bass.   When it comes to hearing people honk, when I had my stock speakers, I would listen to music loud. That has never changed. When I am alone, I'm fuckin' jammin' out man! I am that guy you see dancing and singing in his car.   But no, I am not an attention whoring douche bag that likes to make heads turn.
1	If he flashed earlier it would have made no difference because Braum would not be able to throw an open Q anyways. He was debating whether or not he could finish Braum before his Q comes up so he can perhaps save flash.
0	I remember hearing that this is a side-effect of the way modern popular music works (by which I mean, the Top-40 genre). Ever notice that movies with contemporary music soundtracks have the most popular songs in them when they are released, despite the fact the movie was written and filmed many months (or even more than a year) ago?   Most of your Top-40 artists don't write their own music. They may have some input, but it's done by someone else. The record company knows what songs are coming up so they try to predict what will be popular, then promote the shit out of it, effectively engineering what will be popular.   Mary the Pop-tart will have a song written for her and record it. Promoter at Big Record Corp. picks that song. He then makes deals with Large Movie Studio and Massive Media Company to make sure that song gets used in several movie and has tons of air time during a certain time period. Mary's single is released at the beginning of the year and played on all the radio stations constantly during the Spring. Come Summer, the blockbuster movie is premiered and it has Mary's song in it. Some commercials use it, the album comes out, all concerned make a pile of money. Then the process starts again.
1	Yes I totally agree, LCS teams need to step it up. I think theres a big distinction in the NA LCS and the LCK or even the LPL and EU LCS when it comes to coahcing. The NA scene is severely young in both players and Coaches. The coaches are either players who have been with the team forever or some trusted associate who has played League at high elo to some capacity, or even current staff with the team.   The Reason CLG ended up the way it did and the reason why you'll never see this happen in the LCK is because individuals  and teams in the LCK know what it means to be a sports coach. I think this is a very important and basic element that NA LCS teams heavily look over, like seriously forget getting more people who know everything about the game, or who used to be the most awesome players/shotcallers. Yea thats all fine and dandy but honestly what you need is a mature and grown individual who has a commanding presence.   Who carry's ethos within the organization and among the players, a true leader to TEACH the players how to lead and follow and ultimately meld together as a team. You don't need another person that boils down to be a glorified analyst who ends up becoming the scapegoat for the organization when they lose. "CLG lost to TSM? Must be Scarras fault for having a horrible pick and ban phase"! I know pick and bans are important but seriously come on, players have been doing this on their own forever and you think thats all a coach needs to do? An extra voice for that?   Oh am I assuming to much? Perhaps you think that they should just make the players feel comfortable, tell them to practice and stream once in a while. Take scrims a little more seriously, hand out breaks/praise when players do something they are paid to do and be nice and considerate to a players role, champ pool and status on the team. Wouldnt want to get your superstar mad at you now would ya? Please if this is how you operate you need to stop being a child, no coach should operate like this ever, because if you do, you end up like CLG. Players running a mock, giving excuses and saying sorry for acting immature when it's already too late. You know what happens when you screw up in the real world on the job?   You can get fired folks and no it doesnt have to be a chronic issue, they can lose confidence in you the first time around and LCS players really arent pressured and held to a high standard as they should be. They live with grown children and act like rude ass grown virgin children. You look at the Korean players, they are serious, like all dead serious. They play League like they could be benched and replaced the next damn day, they play with a sense of urgency, they are very precise, they can tilt and sometimes show emotion but guess who's there to crack the whip on them if they get out of line? Oh thats right the intimidating well dressed adult looking coach standing right behind them!   LCS coaches dont even dress like they are dignified figures of the organization sometimes, like take your damn job seriously folks. I'm a big CLG fan but the entire organization should be ashamed because they were read for what they really are. Unorganized amateur children  that don't know how to be professional. Have some integrity and some pride in your brand! Stop recruiting loud mouth celebrities from Youtube and twitch to be part of your organization to directly influence your misguided band of misfits. For gods sake some of these people never even graduated highschool, do you realize the maturity level much less the education level of some of these players?!   Not to make these pros sound like bums off the street but lets be real here, technically they are at best gifted children who got the opportunity to do what they love, while making a low income equivalent to that of someone with only a highschool diploma working a 9-5, except their hours are way longer and they give up much of their social lives/growth.  I aint knocking these pro's choice to go big in the League scene and I do hope League continues to grow, but these organization need to realize they arent housing adults. These kids need a lot of development and responsibility and discipline need to be retrained to many of these individuals.   Kind of a
1	WARNING TO ANYONE CONSIDERING THIS IDEA:  It's a lot more complicated than that. You may want to steer away from this idea, since Cyanogenmod is a custom flash ROM for your phone itself. Also chances are since your phone is running on a stock Android 2.3 software, installing 4.0 software could result in a lot of problems and be extremely slow and will cause functionality issues.   EDIT: In fact don't even bother with this idea. Unless you have prior knowledge with your phone's software flashing/recovery system and rooting experience, you shouldn't do this. Risks like voiding your warranty and making your phone an expensive paperweight are very high for anyone new to the process.
0	I was so torn about this issue for a long time. It's a very paradoxical situation in that we are attempting to create fairness from a democracy of two which is impossible unless the two people are already in total agreement.   So the thought that abortion should be a couple's decision rather than a woman's is an idea that invariably comes up.   But ultimately that is not an ethical solution. For two reasons: one, a woman must carry a child and experience birth or alternatively the experience of having her uterus vacuumed out. And since you cannot have a democracy of two or a review board for every abortion it only makes sense that a woman be given the legal right to choose whether or not she will terminate a pregnancy.   The second reason is more relevant and important here though: consent to sex is not consent to be a parent. And no one should be forced to take on the role of parent against their will. This is where custody and child support court are a huge injustice against men. So "keep your dick in your pants" is just as ridiculous an argument for compulsory child support payments as "stop being such a slut" is for the anti choice crowd.   So the best solution I've found is legally separating the two decisions. Men and women both have the right to choose to have or not have sex. If a pregnancy occurs unintentionally then BOTH man and woman have the right to CHOOSE whether or not to become a parent. Now because of the biological slantedness of pregnancy (only women of the species carry children to term) those two decisions are different. For women they have the legal say over whether they wish to have the pregnancy and support the resulting child. And the man has the right to choose whether or not he will support the child after its birth.   So if a woman chooses to abort then that's that. Its not a perfectly fair model but we can't have people not able to choose whether or not they start carrying a life and then squeezing it out of their body.   Now, if she chooses to have it then that's when it gets interesting. At this point the father has the right to choose whether or not he wants paternal rights. If he does then he cannot have his custody rights denied unless by court order. If after the birth if he then wants to leave only then will he be obligated to pay child support. Alternatively if after the birth occurs the mother does not want to act as mother then she is obligated to pay child support to the father and the father is granted full custody.   I believe this is the closest nationally implementable policy that is close to fair.
0	When I was in fourth grade everyone in my class was invited to a kids birthday party. He was the kid no one liked. No one was gonna go. He was so excited when he handed out his batman themed invitations though and my mom saw it in my backpack when I got home. She forced me to go and bought him this huge super soaker for a gift. I got there and I was the only one who showed up. He was nearly in tears when I arrived because I had showed up a bit late and he thought no one was coming. I figured, fuck it. No one else is here so I should at least have fun. We had a BLAST. Eating candy, playing games, water gun fights etc. He left our school the next year because our family moved. I forgot about it completely until high school. I was on the wrestling team and was at a tournament. This random kid from another school came up to me after my match and it turned out to be Scott, the kid from fourth grade that no one liked.. He let me know that he lost his father that year and that's why he moved. Nothing had been going for him and he still had the water gun I had given him in fourth grade. It hit me so hard. I was a jerk as a kid. All kids can be jerks. Now I ALWAYS try to find the person that looks the least included and include them on things. I try to befriend EVERYONE because who knows what they're going through. Who knows who they really are until you ask.
1	Dominion is my preferred playstyle, and I only pull Heimer out when I'm frustrated and just need a win. He's so strong there that I get bored playing him with any frequency.   I've never found him to fall off. If anything I find him growing in relative strength as he gains AP.   If your team behaves themselves and stay top, you basically win the game single handedly. The enemy team has to either send 2 people bot or you will push to their turret and cap it. I've yet to see someone who could keep me off their bottom tower solo.   Here are some of my keys to making him work.   The first is to have the other four players on your team leave you alone, even if you lose your bot tower (this usually happens if they send 3 or more bot to gank). Defending on a tower with Heimer is incredible, and on the off chance that you lose it, taking the bottom tower on your side back is almost trivial, especially with promote. The only Dominion games I lose as Heimer are when someone else on my team thinks they have to come bottom and leave top undermanned. I'll swap to top if they persist after being told multiple times to stay top, but usually if someone is bad enough to ignore calls for team coordination they're usually far too bad to hold bot, even against a single opponent.   The second key is to not die. I know that's pretty standard advice for LoL, but it's generally less important in Dominion. Taking Heimer solo bottom is an exception.   If you only have one opponent bottom you want to be sure you're always pushing the lane. This is trivial to do. Make sure when you're laning against someone that you put your turret at the top of the lane in the gap, so you're controlling access to the heal buff between the towers. If they want to play hide and seek in the bottom bushes you can grenade them pretty much at will or look for an opportunity to place your second turret there. The problem comes when you're laning against more than one person or one of the champs that gives Heimer issues due to range etc. In that case you want to play more defensively, and if they've sent two champs you'll generally want to just sit on your own tower. You don't need to push if they send two down, since that makes it 3v4 top. If it's a single champ that just gives you trouble, unless they have HUGE sustainability you can operate basically from your own tower, using promote, grenades, and turrets to keep the lane pushing. Use rockets to harass and eventually they'll get low enough you can push and kill them or they'll have to go back to heal. If they leave lane due to death or to heal, Heimer can push the lane quickly enough that your minions should start capping their tower before they get back. Once you've pushed far enough, just leave. They'll have to take the time to clear the tower and the minions are often enough to take it neutral all by themselves. That's enough pressure to make the enemy team weak up top.   The biggest mistake I see Heimers make bottom is trying to hold the enemy's bot tower or getting cocky and trying to engage against more than one opponent. While you can frequently be successful in both of those scenarios it's far more likely that you'll get killed, and later in a Dominion game that will generally mean that your tower gets capped before you come back up. This pretty much means you're going to have at least one teammate head down there, and that will often cost you top.   I always take Promote and Ghost, and I use the summoner cooldown reduction masteries in the utility tree. With that combination I can usually wait on boots so that I have more pushing power in lane and having it makes a real difference having Promote up more often.   You have to get used to predictive grenade use and you have to be aware when your rockets will hit the enemy champ and when the minions will simply suck them up. You also want to be very careful about using your ult, and using up all of your turrets.   As a general rule unless I'm dominating my opponent I never push unless I am able to drop a turret. I also reserve my ult for when someone tries to gank. You simply don't need it to keep the lane moving.   If you drop both turrets and push before you have a new one ready to go, you're asking for trouble, and the slow on your ult, while relatively weak, will almost always give you enough space for ghost to do it's job and get you back to your tower.   Opponents tend to underestimate the stun on the grenade. If you have two towers up and someone tries to come in on you landing the grenade is basically a guaranteed kill.   Practice kiting opponents while keeping them in range of your turrets, and be aware of when your turrets are focused on minions. A quick rocket flurry to clear a wave and free your turrets up to target the opponent diving you can make all the difference.   It takes some practice to use Heimer, and taking him bot in Dominion is no different. If you stick with it though, you'll find yourself winning far more than you lose.   The strategy and positioning needed make it a lot of fun for me in short bursts, especially against other Heimers. If you have any questions I'd love to answer them. It would also be great if any other Heimer players had suggestions for me to up my game :)
1	I agree but the his point is that the Grandmasters at the upper echelons are always at a huge disadvantage starting black. Sure, you may win if you are better but if two people are equal skill having perfect play why is it fair that one person wins because of an unfair advantage? The same goes for anything else, like if you were able to move 1 second earlier as Player 1 in Mortal Kombat or something.   Besides, the highest echelons of play are where balancing is most important. People are going to lose with OP champs in low elos because they aren't good with them and the enemies ARE better but in tournaments where two teams are both very high skill and one team gets to first pick an imba champ and the other team gets the same old characters that are "balanced" it is a problem and needs to be fixed for them. This is why you will almost NEVER see a nerf to a champ like Shaco that is such a pubstomper in lower elos; he does not show up in championships and roll face. Nerfs and buffs are usually decided by what characters destroy in major tournaments and which ones never show up and the community has an outcry over.
0	8 years ago.  Bike was stolen by a kid in the neighborhood.  Found bike 4 months later stripped and left in alleyway.  2 years later kid gets killed after running from police in stolen truck and pulling a gun on them.  All over the news.  I smile.
1	It appears CarlinT has contracted NCS or new champion syndrome. This is a common occurance when a new champion comes out. The lack of knowledge of how to fight the champion coupled with having to learn on the fly makes fighting him difficult. Also the new champion has yet to be fully tested & brought into line. Give itime & he will be brought back in line.
1	Jungle Rammus is incredibly strong right now.  Don't let all the flaming about the jungle scare you.  Every time something changes in any video games people yell and scream like their house is burning.  The jungle will be fine as ever.  Don't let these haters stop you.   Jungle Trundle is also extremely powerful.   Alistar as a support is not only a lot of fun but you can very literally shut down an entire enemy team by roaming early.   Is AD Nid viable?  I've never seen it.   Sona is a very powerful support, I think I'm going to pick her up next.   I think the key is to find a couple heroes that you like each filling a different role.  You aren't going to want to pick the same hero every game because sometimes your favorite hero simply won't fit the team comp.  You need to learn to be flexible with who you play, because most of the people you play with won't be.  Good team composition is a major factor with winning.   Also playing multiple mains keeps you from getting bored.
1	How long has league been out? Oct. 27th 2009   Why am i stuck waitting 20 mins to surrender a 3v5 game? Abusable, people can and will surrender if they see an enemy team has a better comp or stats.   What do i do with all this damn Ip? Name changes, Champions, Runes, Riot has also said they are working on more options   Are non 970(975) Rp skins Supposed to look worse than original skins? No, but skins that are less than 975 are generally simple, texture changes. Nothing in depth. You get your money's worth.   Why cant i earn Rp? That's how Riot makes money. They have thousands of servers and serve millions of players. RP is used for solely Aesthetic things. ANything you can USE in game is earnable. An honorable system.   Why isn't there an east coast server yet? [It is in the works currently.](   What is the point of this mastery system if we don't earn anything with it? They have discussed earning rewards from it, but it has yet to be determined. Think of it as an achievement system. It's to show off your mastery to Teammates.   Why have you had only one fundraiser in recent memory? (Barrier reef) Perhaps the opportunity doesn't always present itself but I believe they intend to do more.   Why do i get the overwhelming feeling there is an enormous lack of content for how much time and money that has gone into this game? Over 120 champions, [This many AVAILABLE skins, even more that are no longer available)]( Icons, Trailers, Music Videos, Albums, Updated Maps Skins Champs, Community Spotlights, PTL, LCS, College Teams, Bundles, Discounts. The list goes on. They put out a superb amount of content.   Is your staff like 10 people? [Well over a thousand actually.](   Why isn't there more interaction between the game and the pro league other than news articles and some icons? How about the LCS for North America, Europe, China, Korea, South America, Oceania, and the open venues for all those things?   Why does death recap not really tell me much? Currently bugged out, they are working on it.   Why does the client take up so much ram? What?   Why is the only way to avoid asswholes in champ select to dodge and lose Lp? Or, you can mute them. Remove the issue and keep communication to simple pings that can still allow you to win the game. You shouldn't have to dodge just because of someone's attitude.   Why only 3 refunds ever? It's again, a business. The refund is free, which is better than a lot of other businesses will do at all. ALthough i agree that maybe more should be put out, or a timer put in place for "accidental" purchases, the system is fine.   What happened with the replay stuff? After they pulled it i believe they intended to work on it. Currently they feel the spectator system is not up to par and it may be integrated with a new spectator system.   Why does Zac only have one skin? (that second one is practically a chroma) Zac has a model that is hard to work with and apply textures to. They are aware of this and are working on it.   Btw i want skin colors, i dont want to pay cash for them, especially when some of them barely change color at all. "I want free things so give me free things." They're a company, not a charity.   Why is Rammus so damn Awesome? Ok.   Who drew arcade MF? shit is amazing. The splash artwork was drawn by Michelle Hoefener, The skin was inspired by the artwork made by Nyaruko.   Anthing else?   EDIT:
0	I love sushi. X Japan is one of my favorite bands. I have fond childhood memories of Dragon Ball and Gundam, and I think Miyazaki films are pretty rad. I am also sure there are tons of animes that are pretty cool.   That being said, a lot of the stuff my sister and friends like are just bizarre to me. I just don't get it and think a lot of it sucks. The weird fan service things, the cornie cliches a lot of animes have, the high school stuff, and even a lot of the more common art styles. It just doesn't click with me. A lot of the fan culture throws me off too. That is totally just my opinion, though. Lots of my friends think I'm a dope for liking bands like Led Zeppelin and GNR, its just we all have different interests and that is ok.
1	I play support junglers because I like to. When I play assassins, you are committing to trying to end the game early, as any melee assassin jungler has to transition into Tanky DPS as the game goes on because other wise they are sacrificing damage for survivability. Every team has that in the ADC, they don't need multiple players going glass cannon.     Lee Sin, Nocturn, Rengar, Kha'Zix, Diana, Xin Zhao and Eve all play the assassin role out of the jungle and have to transition to more tanky and survivability as the game goes on. This works because those assassin items they build often entirely have to do with their jungle clear speed.       STORY TIME:  Also, I have had games where I just didn't gank because no matter how much effort and camping I did my laner could never secure the kill and was fail. So if you can't gank, what left do you have to do but farm? My example is as Cho. My mid was fail, lost the first blue they were given and died every time they went to lane, I gave red to help snowball top they gave that up and procceeded to die every time they went into lane. Over 20 ganks before the second third total blue came up, zero kills were netted but I landed every rupture and silence, the laner was just not good at all. I was left with one option at this point. Farm my ass off. The lanes stopped dying but were getting zoned, oh well. Knowing jungle timers and taking every buff for 12 minutes, I was the highest level in the game, running tripple Gold5 per10, I finished RoA and Frozen Heart against a Caitlyn and Darius completely dominating their lanes. I was warding constantly, majority of the map warded, only farmed, saw the enemy trying dragon. I ran in, Rupture, Silence, Smite Feast, Ghost, BYEEEEEE THX FOR DRAGON! it was 1v4. I lived without even going under Half health. Cho build Mob Boots, RoA, Frozen Heart, GA, WARDS and sporting an Oracles by 24 minutes. Just farming and counter ganking, knowing it was coming with my endless wards. Enemy team is running when they see me. Feels good man. Team mates never stop raging about how much I suck. I have 5 levels ahead of everyone in the game, lvl 18. FARM. See enemy team doing baron, I ping it 3 times and ghost to it from the dragon I just finished without smite or baron because I had a feeling baron was coming soon. Tunnel Vision Run to Baron. I don't even see a single team mate, give no fucks, run in, rupture, silence, smite feast, DOUBLE KILL AND BARON STEAL! Team appears of of wood work, enemy is aced and surrender immediately. Team mates were flaming me all game long, I finished 8/1/12 at 33 Minutes, not ganking unless they were tower diving from minute 13 and on. My score was 0-1-0 when I made this decision, First game Ever as Cho.
1	Being able to block Cait's ult is too unique of a mechanic to remove. Imo it should do bonus damage to anyone not targeted, potentially true damage even? Her ult is great in lane phase when both the enemy ad and support are relatively squishy; it just seems like late game there are too many champions that are tanky enough to take negligible damage from Cait's ult.
0	My dad used to be a service manager for a well known cable company.   He once told me a story about an older gentleman that would call every month to complain about his service and his bill, it never escalated to my dad because the call center representative would aways offer a discount and it would appease the complaint, it would get documented and that was that.   Well, one day this guy calls and he gets a new guy that was extremely well trained in customer service, before offering anything the new guy went through the older gent's service history and started making deductions, he noticed that this had been going on for quite literally YEARS, with only 1 or 2 month gaps between some phone calls, and the end result was always a $20 credit on his next bill, he also noticed a trend in the complaints about spotty service or loss of internet signal, but never made a request to have it fixed.   The service call representative offered the same solution to appease the customer, then escalated it to the Service manager (my dad). The service manager read through the case notes and found the exact same information the call representative found.   Anybody who knows my dad knows he is a logical and restrained man who can call a bluff from 10 miles away. My dad calls the customer (from hence forth we will call him Mr. Smith, and my dad John) to proceed with a "routine follow up."   The phone call went something like this:   My dad:  "Hello Mr. Smith, My name is John, I work with ABC cable company, I noticed a recent complaint with your service, and wanted to make a follow up with you to make sure the issue has been resolved or to send a technician to your house for inspection, free of charge"   Mr. Smith:  "Oh, the problem has been resolved; the man I dealt with over the phone fixed the issue."   My Dad:  "Im glad to hear that; my concern is that I see a long case history of complaints but we never dispatched a technician, I wanted to go more in depth with these problems to make sure we can make you a satisfied customer, so we don't have to inconvenience you with a phone call every few months due to problems with your service.   Mr. Smith:  "that won't be necessary."   My dad:  "alright then, next time you have any problems please feel free to call me at  Gives phone number ""   The conversation ends, and nothing comes of it. But... were not done here yet, 1 month later, this ballsy guy calls in again. What Mr. Smith doesn;t know is my dad flagged his account, the next customer service rep sees the issue and automatically reroutes the call to my dad. This phone call goes like this.   My Dad:  "Thank you for calling ABC cable company, my name is John; what can I help you with today?"   Mr. Smith: "My cable service has been very poor this month, I lost my internet service 3 times in the past week, and lost television service during multiple sporting events."   My dad:  "I am sorry to hear that, I would be happy to send a technician out to your residence to find the source of the problem and see if we can resolve the problem."   Mr. Smith:  "that won't be necessary, I would like another solution."   My dad:  "Please hold, let me check your service history."   My dad knows very well that Mr. Smith has had no signal interrutions, he pulled the service history of that neighborhood and found not one loss of signal or outage in that area in the past few years, based on Digital signal data, and Mr. Smith seems to be the only one complaining about service.   My dad takes Mr. Smith off of Hold: "well Mr Smith, I reviewed the signal to your house and found very strong signal, I also checked the neighboring houses for any known issues in that district node and found no loss of signal to any of your neighbors either. I also noticed you have complained about service every month for the past few years, at this point my supervisor has instructed me to offer to send a technician for a line inspection, or we can choose to disconnect your service and refer you to one of the other television service providers in your area."   Mr. Smith:  "nevermind."  Promptly hangs up the phone   My dad nor did any other call center representative ever heard from him again, and he never canceled his service either. Believe it or not, you can be black listed by Cable companies; Companies like Charter or XFinitiy or Bright-house can choose to deny you service if you are repeatedly a problem or an issue to their customer service representatives.   While I agree with OP (and my dad probably would as well) that cable companies are scummy, and over charge for their services, they can still make you their bitch by just denying you service.
0	I'm in such a situation right now. Do you have any idea how hard it is to actually figure out what the future could be in such a situation...   I hate the idea of 'leading someone on' but I've been in a relationship with a single mom of 2 for a bit less than 1 year. First time doing this. Getting to know her over one year has given me a lot of insight on how she deals with her situation. It's chaotic. I think I know the ex more than I know her. He's not very educated, works for cash only, doesn't pay pension, doesn't communicate at all... Ok ok he's an idiot ...but then again I've never spoken to him so why do you need to convince me? I don't care.   Oh and she wants to go back to school and wants me to take jobs accomodating her so I'm there to help her with the kids. ...And she made sure i took out all my ex's off fb... you know she hates the idea of me talking to an ex (Irony much?) Oh and I love her kids the same way I love any kids. I help but they have a father already.
1	I understand that each of these things can be frustrating, and to feel as though you are hurting the games of other players is definitely a tough weight to carry around, especially when you care that much about a game such as this one.   Its also somewhat noble that you don't want to smurf and ruin the game for others, even though some of those sub-30 players will be smurfs as well.   Personally, if I were you, I would take a step back and focus on one thing at a time. Find a champion you have fun with, even when you are losing, preferably someone who is flexible across multiple lanes (Kennen, for example, can go top or mid). Then, play the bejesus out of that champion, and just work on one thing at a time.   Start with your spread. Did you end the game 2/7/XX? Focus on ending the game 2/6/XX, and let yourself be proud when you do that! And continue improving from there.   Don't worry about everything all at once. Even Diamond players can only improve on a couple of points at a time (Phreak practices last hitting in a custom game with no other champions, just to improve those mechanics).   Ultimately, the biggest thing I can tell you is that its okay to lose. And no one should flame you for a bad game or two or five or fifteen in a row, you deserve better than that because you are a person. Everyone deserves better than that.
1	and don't you have the ability to be just as good a player yourself?"  That's relative, if you have good reaction speeds and have a solid base of knowledge about the game, you'll no doubt be a very good player.   But not everyone has these perks, the average player might only ever get up to plat and never climb higher even with years of playing.  It's like saying "I'll be the next Roger Federer, Messi, or whatever famous sports professional, if I practice enough."  No matter how much time you dedicate to something you'll always reach a point where you just can't improve anymore.  Pro players put the time into their trade and they show it to the community through their plays, we're amateurs who want to get better at a game so we look up to pro players to show us how to do something efficiently.
0	Don't let it go thinking he'll eventually clean the dishes. I tried it. Before I moved out, my roomates would leave it, I even reminded them politely to do them- multiple times. Nothing. The dishes sat, and sat, and sat. For literally weeks the dishes would pile up, they didn't scrape their plates fully and their would be a permanent small level of water with what came to be raw sewage floating in it once the food broke down. It was bad...really bad. They wouldn't even be around that much...the smell grew and grew...and I sucked it up and literally took two hours cleaning the whole effin mess. I brought it up, but you don't understand, some people just DONT CARE. I got the equivalent of a "thanks bro, I'll do it next time." Neither of them even helped out cleaning the apartment when we moved out- which you could imagine was awful...my family must have put in 4 hours of work on all the random shit- but I digress...
1	After spending over 200 games in silver, I've realized that you must be only self-reliant, and that you shouldn't expect your teammates to carry you. This way, you know for certain the extent of your powers, and that the only thing that's stopping you from winning is how well you perform yourself. Granted, there will be situations where you aren't placed in a carry role (i.e. tanky initiator jungle/support); in that case, focus on peeling for your own carry. I'd say that keeping your carries alive is more important than diving their own carries, as again, I've seen plenty of cases of my team diving enemy back lines, failing to kill their carries, dying, and leaving our carries unprotected the whole time.
0	Active duty here. I agree.   However, I do want to point out that once you enter the service, and  you see the things most of us have seen, it changes you. It's difficult to look at civilians in the same light after the those experiences, knowing that they will never know the horrors you've witnessed. You take solace in the brotherhood of your brothers in arms, knowing they share the same "changing" life experiences. Knowing they could get through some of the more elite physical, mental, and emotional tests this country  has to offer places you in a group of individuals that are "in" understand.   I probably didn't explain myself very well, but:
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	Great, you've found one website with some research data, that must mean it's the answer to all porn-related questions!! Or not.   What you are saying is just plain wrong and very short-sighted. Of course, n3rfh3rd3r's example  IS  actually similar. Action movies do depict stuff that people want to do (no shit! can you imagine that, there is actually a reason why people watch these things). Or you have forgotten about all the freaking violence that's essentially in every fucking action movie out there. Murder, death, murder, death, death, blood, guts, guns, knives, and more of that. But hey, how do you expect all of those innocent violence-watchers to know what it's REALLY like? No, please, you are making complete sense here. Of course it's much more important to ban the extremely harmful, terrorist-breeding fake rape porn, rather than the fucking fuckatons of violent media that's out there, for anyone to enjoy.   So yes, it's not exactly similar. Why? Because porn is not actually harmful. To anyone, except weak-minded people who will eventually go crazy about anything, really, not porn in particular. I started watching porn when I was 6 or 7 years old, I am not quite sure. It must have made me so confused!!!! UK, please save my gentle and fragile virgin soul. Only that's not how it went down. By the time I started having sex I've already known about the hundreds of possible things you can do in bed. But that's not how real life sex is like, you say? I say you can go fuck yourself, I am the one who says what my sex life is like. And if I want to I will watch a 100 of rape vids and then go 'rape' my gf, and she will be fucking happy about that as she has been before.
1	Rumble is by far one of the best toplaners IMO because of his ability to bully in lane and his lack of true counters, also he is reasonably strong late game and doesn't fall off to the same extent that some other top lane bullies do e.g. Renekton   Finally his lack of mana and strong early game make him reasonably easy to pick whilst still providing a decent reward for mastering his mechanics such as his heat and the danger zone.
0	While it certainly sucks to have something you want (in this case, the child) taken away, the process damages a woman's body. I'm not going to destroy my body for something I don't want simply because someone else said "I want it."   On the flip side, if the mother wants the child and the father doesn't. Why must he pay child support? Both parties engaged in sex knowing the risks. She wants to raise the child she must pay for it.
1	There is only one right point and it's the 66% one.   All the other are completly wrong or are not even argument in my opinion and this is why:     Actually I am trying to go D1 playing only blitz. I did have way more then 66% winrate. Now Im D2 I struggle a bit more -26lp loose +13lp win, damn it's hard. Thx to Master Tier and btw I dont understand why they try to bring people down when they added another Tier to climb for, that should be the opposite. (I rly dunno why it's done like that I wish reddit detective could help me on this one)     The majority of the time people dont troll or afk. Use maths. You gotta often see troll feeder afker but you alawys forgot that that's not the majority of player you will be matched with. Even if that's true (but that's not true at all obviously) you still have 4 chance to have a troll/feeder/afk in your team 5 chance to have one vs you so this point isn't a good one.     Series add more stress but the reward is way higher then before so it's a fair trade tbh.     The type of rank structure (tier or not tier, series or no series) doesnt rly matter. You will be at your level no matter what.       Now here is my point of view about people complaining about the not-so-new Elo system. I feel like the majority of player complaining about it are are low/mid elo player. Well actually there is way more low/mid elo player then anything else.   People think the system is too hard. They want an easier system allowing them to climb the ladder. What if Riot does it? The majority of people will climb a bit but they will stay at the same skill level. The only thing difference will be that almost everyone will cimb a bit. Diamond and Master tier will have tons of player but the majority of the community will stay around bronze silver.   Also people forget one thing it's hardder to climb with series but it's harder to go down with this sysem too when you are in a new tier. Harder to climb but higher reward.
1	I'm not sure you understood his comment, he implied that it was ok you guys weren't good because you were doing it for free.   No-where did he compliment or say that your casting was good in any way shape or form.   The complaints are there because you aren't casting unknown teams, you've been thrown in (presumably because you aren't literally killing their stream numbers) to save money when they have fairly well known teams playing.   The
0	I'm not saying it isn't an issue, I'm saying it isn't the issue he's making it out to be, and that the SOURCE of his issue probably stems from his poor attitude more than his short stature.   Yes being short is tough. Yes being lonely is tough. I'm more than willing to console someone who is having a hard time of it. However, if your reaction is to bully women because you feel targeted...then I don't have as much compassion.
0	That is acceptable but also situational.  I think they are referring to people who come into the convenience store on an almost daily basis to buy chips, soda, and various small grocery items as well as the deli items.  If you are on EBT chances are its because you cannot afford to do that kind of thing on a regular basis and should not be wasting your money (or the tax payers money I guess since its EBT) on luxury items instead of necessity items.  If you can afford to spend EBT on luxury items, you probably don't need as many food stamps.
0	The trick is staying up to date while you're young enough to put in the effort and growing into management as you switch from using your in depth knowledge to using your process knowledge.   I studied art & technology, graduated in the early 2000s. Back when I was still in school multi-media cd-roms were still a big thing. Some of my most valuable skills were using Flash and Macromedia Director to make interactive cd-rom experiences.   Then computers and browsers got more sophisticated. My Illustrator, Photoshop and Fireworks skills became more important as you could do more and more cool stuff with websites. For the most part websites were still just pretty pictures you could click on though.   Front end and back end technology became more and more sophisticated. Interface and user interaction design became a much bigger deal. Designers who made "pretty" websites weren't good enough anymore. Designers needed to understand backend systems, content management systems, AJAX style interactive pages in order to design websites that were truly interactive.   Mobile devices became a thing, designers needed to understand how to deal with varying screen sizes, what are you gonna do with a mouse over if you don't have a mouse?   Internet got faster and faster, I stopped designing and coding and started filming and video editing. After Effects seemed so useless years ago but these days everybody wants a flashy video to put on youtube or vimeo.   In the end, everybody starts out thinking in means instead of messages. When you're good at Flash, every problem can be solved by Flash. Eventually you realise that it doesn't matter if you're using Flash, Director, Canvas, Unity or video. All you're doing is trying to get a message or an experience across.   You don't need to know the latest tech anymore, it's even more important than you understand what you're trying to communicate. Finding some kid who knows the ins and outs of the latest tech is easy. People who know the process of crafting a message backwards and forwards while avoiding all the pit falls and those little problems that'll pop up if you forget to address them early, those people are valuable.
1	the cooldown of here shield is fucking stupid especially because of the amount of the shield and not to mention you can use it to dash so its not just a shield its also movement.   for those of you who dont know here shield is a 6 second CD at level 5 and with 40% CDR thats around a 3.5 second CD with a 210 base shield with 100% bonus AD scaling.. YES... 100%   and not to mention her ridiculous level 6 all in and she also has an execute....   i think you should be happy they are not nerfing her as i played her quite alot in season 3 and i was bronze 4 and i went to silver 1 - gold 5 by spamming her with an average kda of 10/2/8.   you say that if renekton chunks her then she is fuked but the point is that all champs should have a counter and champs with good damage early (renekton,darius) counter her but vs laners with not insane early damage (jax,yasuo) she fucking shits on them. and plus if you make it ti mid-late game as riven u can easily poop on renekton.
0	Well, the thing is, 'homosexuality' - the concept of a specific psychosexual identity, the one we think of when the word is so much as said - didn't exist as a concept, then. Sexual identity, as a concept, probably didn't even exist. What they had instead were Gender Roles, of which there were two. Every sex act had an Active partner and a Passive one - women automatically always taking the latter role while men could take either. While men could play either role, it was considered extremely shameful for a man to be the passive partner - this ties into the concept of Roman Manliness, or Virtus, and how it is largely based on the ideal that to be a Man is to be able to dominate those below you in all senses of the word.   That said, yep, there were definitely a handful of Emperors who openly carried on same-sex relationships in which it's pretty likely they were the passive partner, and did not hide the fact at all. This isn't a matter of no one caring about it, though, it's a matter of the Emperor essentially being able to do Whatever The Fuck He Wanted in his private life, because, as Emperor, he was accountable to no one. If you could find a group of soldiers today, let alone then, who genuinely care enough about the issue of homosexuality - and the perpetually unfounded rumor (unfounded because, well, Rome isn't really known for its progressive policy on Freedom of Speech) that their head-of-state is constantly engaging in sexual impropriety of that nature - to fight the rest of the army, invade the capital, kill the head-of-state, and put one of their local commanders in charge in a brutal coup, well, I'd be pretty damn impressed. What about everyone else, you ask? Well, the people, individually, had extremely little ability to do anything other than not-starve. The upper classes had money, but not enough and nothing else - the senate stopped being relevant the second they gave the first Emperor his name, money buys loyalty but more money buys more loyalty, and it's not like they could simply go out and try to set the Mob to action without being executed for treason. People highly-placed enough in the military or imperial bureaucracy? Well, anyone in a position to lead a successful rebellion against their Emperor generally did so, in real life, and the only way the Emperor's sex life becomes a consideration in this utilitarian calculation is if his antics - and if he's openly being flamboyant and having male lovers, there's generally a lot more he doesn't see the need to hide behind closed doors - shift general opinion against the emperor strongly enough for a coup to be accepted rather than fought against.   And well, the 'antic' that generally led to the last option was more often refusing a pay raise to the legions, or the Praetorians, or intentionally psychologically torturing the senate every spare moment they got. Occasionally all of the above. That said, even with their sheer power making criticism of an Emperor a Very risky choice, the emperors who openly kept male lovers to whom they were the passive partner were disdained for it and mocked by the common people and Elites alike. Gaius Julius Caesar - not an emperor, but as close as anyone got prior to Augustus - was laughed at and made fun of by his own soldiers at his own Triumph for an affair he had allegedly had with the King of Bythinia more than thirty years prior, and this was an affair he vehemently denied for the rest of his life. The same soldiers who'd been willing to rise up against their lawful government in the name of their friend and leader and patron openly sung songs mocking him at his finest hour, a moment he'd waited all his life for, because thirty years ago he may or may not have fucked a guy, and was young enough that it made sense for him to have been the passive partner at the time.
1	meeet.at]( is a web based voice chat that works just like TeamSpeak, Ventrilo, RaidCall or Mumble. The main differences are: You don't have to download anything, because everything happens in your browser and you don't need to rent a server.   You can either just create a completely anonymous channel and give out the link to anybody you want to talk to or register an account with us (completely free) and create custom channels like meeet.at/TeamSnoopDog. The channels are instantly available and stay online forever and will work for others even when you are not in the channel.   meeet.at has some specific features just for gamers:     kick or ban other clients (if you are the channel owner)   change the volume of any client   mute your microphone (if you are shy :-p) and/or all the other clients in the room   set up your nickname so everybody else can recognize you     Features that require registration:     custom channel names (e.g. meeet.at/gaming)   set up a channel password     We know there are other web based voice chats but as far as we know none have these features and we think they are necessary for a voice chat to be actually useful.   What can I do with meeet.at?   Imagine you are playing a team based game where a voice communication is helpful towards victory. You might play with complete strangers and don't want to give those people any info of your TeamSpeak or Ventrilo server (if you even have one). So just go to meeet.at, click the "Open your channel" button and paste the link in your game lobby. Done! Completely anonymous. If the game is over, close the tab, create a new channel, whatever you want.   What do we have planned for the future?     push-to-talk   subchannels!   give other clients moderator privilages for any subchannel     Which browsers are supported?   meeet.at currently works with Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox. For some people it might even work with the mobile version of Google Chrome.   Keep in mind that the webRTC technology, which makes all of this possible is very young and not at all stable. You might experience disruptions of service, lags or sound errors.   We are looking forward to your feedback to make this free alternative even better compared to the established voice chat software.
1	There are three lanes in most mobas. Three lanes means three major goldsteams. Jungle falls off as a farm source after the early levels to prevent carries afk farming the jungle until late game status without meaningful counterplay.   Three goldsteams remain for four players. Three farmed champions and a utility champion is more effective than four players sharing three gold sources because stuns and shields are impactful regardless of gold wheras damage and tankiness are hampered when gold starved.
1	It was a Tuesday afternoon in Spring of 2011. A young man hears a conversation about certain legends while concocting curious chemical combinations in his notebook, little did he know that this wouldn't be the first time he hears about these legends. Later that same day he would catch curious conversations pertaining to the topic as if this universe was always there and he just wasn't listening hard enough. Now that his attention was grabbed, he investigated further, asking acquaintances, questioning curious entities until he found out all he needed to know and thus he exposed himself, albeit briefly, to the realm known as Runeterra home of the League of Legends under the alias ShockBox. He did not get far, only to the 8th level, due to dastardly slow update speeds and extreme gaps in his time on the rift, sometimes ranging months. It also didn't help that he was playing alone. This story might have ended there if not for the a fateful encounter in the Autumn of 2013.   The young man had aged, not by much, but enough to understand that there are no coincidences. One day while facing the dastardly demon known as Calculus, he hears friends, allies in the pursuit if education, speak of League of Legends. He recalls the hours of updating and the boredom of playing the game, but the attitude of his comrades peaked his curiosity. This curiosity gnawed at him for he was a man who sought knowledge from his curiosities. He once again ventured into the realm of Runeterra to battle on the Fields of Justice this time under the alias Hurricane18. But he was not alone this time, no, this time he had friends to aid him on his journey. An thus a new legend was born.
0	Whilst I appreciate that it's different strokes for different folks and all that. At the end of the day, the only thing you really ever possess, from the cradle to the grave, fully and without question, is your own body. Because of this, I believe we owe it to ourselves to explore the boundaries of what that body finds pleasurable. I've made a lot of discoveries with my wife about what turns us both on and we are closer and stronger for it.   My recommendation to you, and anybody else reading this, is to not be afraid of the unknown. Take a chance, give it a try. You may not like it but at least then you'll know. But... you might just add some physical and emotional pleasure into this harsh, relentlessly tough existence that we lead, that you might never have known otherwise.
1	Hes not saying he was banned and the reason the ennemy team gave was "Unskilled player".What hes tryign to exlain is that because he is new to the game and doesnt undestand all the unwritten rules and ways of the game (ap mid, support&adc bot etc...) ,players are reporting him for all sorts of things like trolling.
0	I explained this earlier, but I'll repost because you've been such a colossal dick:   Well, I had three main activities growing up-- school, debate, and summer camp. 6/7 of them were from those things. I would say the person I was least close with was the debater-- but I mean we were still one big team who traveled together almost every weekend and spent hours of time together so even though he was "peripheral" it was still very sad because he was easily one of the most brilliant debaters on our team. Unfortunately, the rest were all a part of my core group of friends at some point in my life. Two from grammar school (including my best friend). One ex-boyfriend who I still hung out with pretty regularly since he worked with one of my closest friends. A family friend who I spent a lot of time with as our parents all worked together, and he was close in age to me while my sister was close in age to his sister. A close friend from camp (which sounds lame because it is camp, but I went to that camp for two sessions every year since I was in the 4th grade-- it was a huge part of my life). And finally, a girl from my main circle of friends in high school-- who killed herself just a week after we had grabbed lunch to catch up. It should be noted that I did some drugs in high school, and so drugs were a problem in a lot of these circles. I don't know why, but it seems relevant to me. I think it's why I believe the numbers are so high-- not to say that drugs CAUSED people to off themselves, just that at least there were bigger issues going on and there was a correlation.
0	Have you SEEN how much Reddit there is to browse through? It's all about quantity. I'd rather spend my 20 minutes of down time going through a few pages of reddit rather than a handful of
1	My Internet sucks big donkey balls (Welcome to Australia folks!) so anything higher than 480 is just going to end up like a slideshow, even 480 at times is tough to stream. With own3d, I couldn't see anyway to change the resolution, so it was stuck on 720 or something liek that, and was always getting the buffer icon.   Twitch on the other hand seems to give me this option of changing it to whatever resolution I want, even 240! So personally, I'm watching more streams because its on Twitch.   Well... I would be, if it wasn't for Spectator Mode.
0	Look at it this way. You have countless options to try to turn your life around and instead of committing to one of them or multiples you are choosing to view the negativity of life and therefor think the only option out is to die. Choosing to kill yourself is an extremely simple way to 'resolve' the emotions that you are feeling and cannot deal with. It's for this reason that people assume it's selfish. You've thought only of yourself in making that decision because you can't deal with your issues in what most people would consider an appropriate manner.
0	While I absolutely agree that  everyone  should look to protect themselves from harm, I absolutely  dis agree that we don't warn young women not to engage in "dangerous" behaviors. Women are schooled constantly, by parents, authorities, media, etc., on "what they should do to avoid being raped". But we're not the ones raping ourselves.   Yes, people should avoid losing control over themselves in situations where they don't trust the people around them. But party scenes are not combat zones. It's unfair to everyone to tell women that they have to have more self-control than men in order to prevent male rapists from raping them. It's unfair to men to be treated as potential rapists.   If we want to change the prevalence of alcohol-related rapes, the solution is not "discourage women from drinking", it's encouraging  everyone  to require full consent. It's encouraging  everyone  to watch out for their friends/peers/fellow party-goers.   And if we want to keep encouraging women to be more responsible than their male counterparts, to have more control, to be more wary, how about we also encourage men to think of the potential long-term consequences of having sex with an intoxicated woman who could later (rightfully) say she did not consent. (This should not be a double-standard; men who feel violated/forced into nonconsensual sex should be taken just as seriously.)
0	Plus it's such a tiny portion of the air you'll breathe that day that it's basically preposterous to worry that it's going to negatively affect your health.   Adult humans breathe about 11,000 liters of air a day^1 . The tidal volume of an adult human lung is about 0.5 liters^2 (the volume of air you take in a normal breath). So if the world's most inconsiderate smoker leaned over and [blew the entire contents of her lungs into your mouth]( that breath would still only constitute 0.00455% of the total air you're going to breathe that day.   Let's make some educated guesses and say that a single cigarette will provide a smoker with 50 lung-filling puffs, erring on the side of being far too liberal in our estimates. Let's also say that you'd have to smoke five cigarettes a day to be considered a "very light smoker"^3, and we'll further assume that "very light smokers" are putting themselves at a measurable risk of significant health problems. This would mean that the endangered smoker would be consuming 125 liters of tainted air a day.   In other words, we've established a rough estimate that 1.136% of the air you breathe in a day has to contain smoke for you to be considered as high-risk as a very light smoker. The amount of smoke you'll inhale passing a smoker is roughly 250 times less air than even the lightest smokers breathe in a day.   If cigarettes were  so  dangerous that you were at risk if you breathed even 0.00455% smoke out of your daily volume of clean air, they would've long ago been classified as a weapon of mass destruction.
1	The definition of fun varies highly from person to person.   I'd wager what you mean in this case by "fun" means that you play for the visceral nature of the game, and each moment that comes with it.  This is not uncommon, in fact it's one of the biggest reasons people play games.  Living for awesome plays, that you make, or even that opponents make, doing cool things, talking to people, just generally trying to experience the fantasy of the game.  This is not the only reason people play though, nor the only way to have fun!   Some folks play to express themselves, think up crazy builds and try to do whatever they can to do what they want and say to the world "Hey check this out, betcha didn't know you could do that!" and maybe that's you too.  This guy generally just wants his team to let him do his thing, and he wants games to go long, usually, so he can have time to get all his cogs into motion.  Often seen playing Heimerdinger.   Then there's the guy who plays to be strong.  He wants to have that awesome feeling of being that super fed guy who's kickin everyone's ass.  To him, this is fun.  This is the feeling he wants from league.  He wants to be a badass.  This guy plays mostly unranked games, and craves inferior opponents so he can get as big as he can.  He generally wants his teammates to just stay out of his way.  "Hey guys I'll carry just don't feed, OK?"   Then there's folks who play to win.  There's a lot of people who seem to fall into this category for league, insomuch as I feel like it warrants 2 categories.  Note though that I would argue both of these groups are in fact trying to have fun, however they can often get into awkward situations when not matched up with people of their own mindset.   First there's the guy who wants a challenge.  He wants to prove to someone, usually himself, that he can overcome difficulties.  What this guy wants is to show the world he can do it.  He craves tough, long matches (in which he comes out on top, preferably) and wants things to be hard-fought.  This aside though, this guy is a lot happier winning than losing.  It's rewarding, and yes, fun, to be able to conquer challenges, especially things he hasn't been able to figure out before.   Finally there's the guy who simply plays to win.  He doesn't care if it's hard, or if it's easy.  He just wants to win.  He doesn't care how it happens, or why (Enemy AFK? Oh well their loss)  He just wants victory.  To him, if he wins, the game is fun (And it is) if he loses, the game isn't.  It's binary, and so if things aren't going well, sometimes this player can get lost in the thought trap of  "Oh well my teammates made me lose, they're MAKING me not have fun!"   It's an awkward mentality, but it exists, and that's (one of many, but a common) reason you get flamers.  In their eyes, you are actively making them not be able to have fun(win) by not playing well, which is possible given how League works.   Thing is, there are up to 5 people on a team at ANY given time, and any of those people are likely to be from any of the categories above.   Unfortunately while a lot of those demographics can play nicely together, sometimes there are just fundamental clashes.  While Mr. Experience might go for a risky, but potentially epic play, Mr. Win-at-all-costs will simply see this as jeopardizing his experience, because it isn't strictly necessary to win.   Mr. Experiments might want to try some crazy new build on Mid Tryndamere, only to find out that it was garbage.  He's happy because now he at least knows, and had fun trying, but Mr. I-WANNA-BE-BEEFY is upset because the enemy mid got so fed he can't kill him anymore, therefore ruining  his  fun of being able to kill whoever he wants.   This game is so multi-facted that it's bound to bring conflicting personalities together, but I assure you these people are in fact playing to have fun.  All of them.  It just might not be in a way you necessarily understand, and sometimes if they feel their fun is being put on the line, they may lead themselves to Toxic Behaviour (Which I am in no way trying to excuse, being an asshole is not OK.)
1	HEY LOOK I FIXED IT.   Can we shut the fuck up about it now?  How is the addition of "+plain" onto a URL so difficult that we have to make lots of posts with a million comments about it?  As a user of RES I have barely noticed the changes.  I don't know if RES makes the difference or if you guys are just super whiny, but it's seriously not that bad.  I miss the lines that connect comments to their parents, but my eyes are capable of figuring out based upon the indentation of the comment.   Maybe the changes suck, but they've made a post saying they are trying to fix it up so it's less buggy/crappy or whatever.  We're so spoiled that we can't just type "+plain" at the end of a URL for a few days?  What the fuck, guys.
0	May I offer a reprieve? Alright, I know this might seem like an encore to a bad play, but this seems necessary since there's a lot of anger below that I believe is based on a foundation of misunderstanding. So if you would allow me:   This meme has a purpose, and I won't question the community's understanding of it. It's been around longer than I've been a redditor and so has this subreddit. I would, however, like to appeal to the better nature of every observer by stating the rhetoric used in the meme may have easily been the victim of bad creativity or ability to produce compelling literature on my part. I used the words "right before" alluding to the idea that I left this person immediately before taking the camera as my own. This isn't true. Months had passed before the end and the camera was no longer regarded. Ever heard of the phrase out of sight out of mind? Well, this is certainly appropriate now. When I did discover I still had the item (a few days ago) I was just as shocked as some of you may be by my continued ownership of it. Unfortunately over the last few months, the other party has almost literally fallen off the face of the Earth and contact doesn't seem likely. Though I've seen reddit find people before, so if anyone wants the task, have at it.   To conclude, the meme was made simply as a spark of remarkable convenience rather than some kind of malicious attempt to withhold property from its rightful owner. I'm sure some females here have broken up with guys and months or years later noticed that shirt, cd, jacket or wallet that belonged to their ex in the bottom drawer and thought "shit, what a surprise!"
1	Discounting the bugs right now here are some good suggestions when playing an ap carry mid against a karthas.   Karthas has a lot of range with his Q but his autoattacks suck. He's going to be using mana constantly to get his farm up. Try to keep yourself away from your mininos because if your hanging around them he is going to try and just get you with a free Q while also hitting the minions he wants to farm.   Boots and 3 health pots will help you dodge in and out to farm up on minions or get a nice harass on him. Farming should always take priority against harassing a champ. 15 minions last hit is equal to one champ kill. An aggressive karthas is using a lot of mana and won't be able to keep up if your priority is dodging his harass and getting those last hits.   You'll be able to build mercs faster from some good magic resist you might need anyways, and come back with higher ap items that allow you to outpace him later. The better you farm early, the quicker you can outpace and win your lane and keep your lead.   Also make sure you don't push towards his tower too hard and get baited into a wall slow and aoe and a Q nuke while you run back to your tower and get killed. Watch his mana and know he will take an opportunity to punish you if your in a vulnerable position.   Good ap carries against karth are:   Orianna: superiour range and faster burst.   Annie: stun and a free Q on minions for farming, plus huge tibbers nuke.   Brand: higher nukes and aoe damage.   Also if your having trouble with getting hit a lot, make farming your priority and build some magic resist to help you. A negatron cloak or the cheeper 400g magic resist early can complety shut down harass from karth as long as your not taking damage carelessly.
1	You'd be surprised what sort of stuff is out there on the web that you don't know about. Rumor has it of a land far, far beyond the reaches of Google, offering free 720p access to anyone with the link.
0	Although my Asian parents are among the most liberal that I have met, they pulled a hilarious stunt on me the other day.   Living in suburban New England and going to school in the area, I never really had the option of dating Asian women. Frankly, speaking there weren't too many of them and the ones that were awesome weren't interested in Asian guys. So I usually had a better shot with white girls, which my parents were happy with.   But the other day, I'm home and next thing I know, my mom had invited her college roommate's daughter, a student straight out of China to our home. We then proceeded to go to dinner and they proceeded to force us through some awkward introductions. Afterwards, my mom asks me what I thought about her and before I got to say anything, she says "I like her, she's smart, goes to an ivy and rather attractive, although her legs could use some work."
0	Last week I had lost my keys for a few days. It caused a huge problem and an argument between my boyfriend and I. He accused me of hiding them so he would have to give me a ride to my cousins birthday party (yeah, right). I ended up thinking I wouldn't go since he refused to give me a ride. At the last moment a mutual friend of ours (cousin and I) picked me up and took me to the party. Anyways, two days later and I am still freaking out about my keys. Boyfriend is beginning to believe I hadn't purposely hid my keys from myself. We dug through my entire storage unit to find my spare key - it was way in the back of course. So, another day passes and we are discussing changing the lock on our door just in case someone picked up the keys in front of the house - where I suspected I had dropped them. I go to check for my wallet in my purse to see how much money I had (to decide if I could afford to change the knob and locks). My wallet is gone! I'm looking everywhere in my purse. It's a large purse, but not a suitcase. I dumped everything out onto the bed. My bf is watching me freak out. But wait! My purse felt heavy even though I'd dumped its contents out....oh shit. There was a small pocket within the purse to put little things like change (about 2" long)etc. the lining of the purse by that pocket had ripped...I stuck my hand in there and lo and behold!!! My fucking keys, wallet, $20, and $8 in quarters I had lost that were meant to pay for my laundry. We haven't talked about this since it happened.
0	This reminds me of a similar story from my friend:   He and his friends liked Tool in highschool, and they really, really liked this song called  Die Eier Von Satan  got really into this song, and were so intrigued by it's meaning, especially the intense part at the end of the song where the man is ranting in German and forcefully emits this shout of ["und KEINE EIER"]( followed by the cheers of a crowd.... then he yells it again: " und KEINE EIER!! "   Fast forward a few months when a German exchange student is placed in their class. The very first thing they thought is: "We've got to get him to tell us what Die Eier Von Satan means, and what Keine Eier means!"   They ask the kid, give him some headphones, press play, and watch as the kid listens intently....   ...   He listens. Suddenly his head pops up in confusion. He looks around, unsure.... my friends are salivating in anticipation.   "WELL??"  they ask.   "This..." he says in a heavy German accent. "This is a recipe. Jah. This is a cake recipe. Sugar, salt, butter- and no eggs... he's very serious about that.  und keine einer  means  and no eggs !"
1	Hail GabeN, my brother!   There are countless reasons for why you should not buy a pre-assembled PC, but for me the motivation for building PCs (I am building PCs for friends and colleagues every once in a while) was the fun of educating yourself about what parts there are, compare them, put together everything like YOU want it to be, then when its ordered unpacking all the glorious stuff and building it together. After you have assembled all the parts into your new glorious Machine, there is nothing better than pressing that sweet start-up button, having your heart stop for a moment before you see the start up screen that asks you politely to put in the OS disk.
1	What does PSA mean? I'm not that good in Reddit-terminology.   P.S.: You mind explaining what TIL,
1	Dom is justified in his initial defense of his teammate but the statements he makes after aren't. This incident along with voy's tweet yesterday has given me the impression that Curse is vastly overestimating its season. Their 4th place finish while decent can also be an effect of CLG relenting its playoff seeding during super week. And while curse undeniably had success in the last two super weeks going a combined 6-2 but the rest of their season is punctuated with 9 weeks of poor play and a paltry 7-13 record making the large part of the criticism warranted.
1	I jungled a Shaco game yesterday, first time in a few months (I'm usually stuck with tanks). And boy, did I suck at it... I can't say that I've ever been really good at it, but I've been decent at least.   However I guess that the team fight at 16 minutes near dragon (already taken by us), that we kept screaming in chat that we wouldn't fight in but they still stayed there and died, had me running back and forth for a while while trying to decide what to do - and thus I was underlevelled.   Their jungle even stole a few minor camps of mine... I really did feel like a noob then - but I asked my team if their jungler had any buffs, they hadn't, so I ran into their jungle and took the buffs.   I did go 0/2/16-ish, though, so it wasn't all that bad I guess.
1	healing is primary, gold secondary, if you run max stacks you can use it on cd, but the others will be there to heal adc's, if you want the cannon minion you gotta rethink wich minion you take and when. if you take more dmg for a stack then you get its not worth. the lower elo you get the more farm the adc misses, instead of contesting that siege minion it could be worth far more to catch a cs you both would have missed.  edit: not to forget those thresh relic's who rly like to hit the most tanky minion and never calculate the resistances, for the love of god if you suck at getting those stacks off please just keep it for the magecreeps
1	I think you don't understand how Athene works. I agree that shunning him will somewhat encourage his behavior, but if he loses enough viewers he'll move on.   You can't make someone like that a positive member of the community, it's not possible frankly BECAUSE of the community. People like what he does. He has his own fan base that aren't from League of Legends, they just follow him to every game he plays. So shun him, accept him, he's got it made, he'll still have his core fans, and he won't change. Other scenes have come to respect him, worship him even, and he continued to screw people over, he didn't change. There's no reason to think he'll change now.
1	I would love to play Riven mid against some matchups in ranked, but whenever i ask if somebody wants mid already and talk about a AD mid everyone goes like "Omg QQ you dont know meta, noob".
1	Welcome to the real world, where articles don't and shouldn't have
1	I like LMQ as a team, they got great personalities and I could see from the hype video they work hard so they do deserve their place at world's.   Nevertheless, they are not an NA team, they are a Chinese team with Chinese players who are playing in a region besides their own.   But that doesn't mean they shouldn't be allowed to represent NA at world's. Because they still earned their place by beating all of the other NA teams, therefore there isn't anything wrong with this whole situation. LMQ worked their asses off from Challenger play offs all the way to the top of LCS, that's impressive by any standards.   The only reason why there would be something wrong is if LMQ goes to world's through NA LCS then say they're representing China. But that's not the case, they're representing NA because that's who they are now.
1	Wasn't their approach to Nami just like this? They increased her power only a bit every patch till she hit a comfortable spot. I think a similar approach would be better for champions that are just little over the top or they would like to adjust like Gragas, Ziggs, Renekton etc.   Now they just do a lot of testing and reverting on the pbe and it feels as if they will never decide what they want to do with the champion. But I'm also fine with the likes of Kassadin changes taking longer than usual since he's a very hard champion to balance.
0	Had a buddy who got his dick sucked in 7th grade. He was real small, late bloomer. The entire time she's sucking his dick. He's pushing. Pisses on her face after about 15 minutes. In a movie theater. She left the theater right then. Piss all over the front of her shirt and all.
0	This is true. But the very soft cheeses generally have some lactose in them. I can consume pizza with relative impunity since mozzarella seems to be very low in lactose. Lasagne is riskier; apparently the ricotta can be problematic (I assume it's not the provalone).   People with lactose intolerance seem to have different levels of intolerance. Some people can't even eat pizza without having issues.  Over the years, I seem to have gotten a bit less sensitive, although drinking a glass of milk without taking lactase enzyme would still be quite disastrous.
0	Ironically, poor people tend to carry around all of their cash with them, usually in the form of large bills because that's what they were given when they cashed their check. On the other hand, I'm working a steady job and only ever use cash for anything maybe once per week.   More importantly, you'll never spend less money attempting to find the fraud than you lose from the fraud. It's the same reason they don't test welfare recipients. If you're going to put more money into the system, help people, don't use it trying to restrict people.
0	And here I was thinking I was the only person who actually despised Big Bang Theory. Part of it is I don't like the humor. The only show with a laugh-track I've ever really liked was Seinfeld. Friends... was nothing compared to Whose Line, though I loved the opening theme song. I also don't like how the show portrays smart dudes as being either assholes or social impotents (though that may be jumping to conclusions). I guess I just have different taste in humor is all. I'm a man who demands exquisite writing and I feel BBT just rapes my ears with forced stale humor.
1	Flask costs 345 gold and sells for 138, thus you need to regain stats worth of 207 gold in order for it to pay itself back.   It gives you 3 charges, each charge is worth 0.8 health pot and 0.6 mana pot. Thus each charge is worth 28+21=49 gold. One full usage of flask is worth 147 gold then, but to keep things simple, we calculate this in charges.   The result is that you need to fully benefit from 4.2244898 charges in order for it to pay itself back on champions that use mana. Just for the sake of math, lets calculate it on manaless champions too!   In order for flask to be profitable you need to use 7.39285714 charges, thus going back to fill the flask two times is required for it to start netting profit for you.
1	When someone makes a nigger joke, and we call them a racist, there is nothing questionable about that. When someone makes a rape joke, and we call them out for being indecent, there is no question about that. When the person who tells the joke himself more often than not admits to such jokes being in poor taste, there's no questions about that.   Exactly. I'll admit that I do occasionally use the word 'nigger' as a bit of a joke. I'll admit that it is a racist term and I may be racist for using it.   However, I use it around friends that I know and are aware that they will not be offended, I wouldn't dare use it in a public setting.   Not in fear of getting an ass beating or anything but because when one is in public they have the right to be comfortable within the bounds of reason. [EG: I'll not use offensive words [nigger, rape, chink, etc] But I will be comfortable in my gender identity and sexuality, Whichever one I am comfortable with identifying as at that moment and I won't restrict myself because someone may be offended by that because those things are a part of me that I value enough to be unwilling to restrict myself in that regard. [I won't go around and flaunt it, If I'm feeling like a woman that day and am expressing myself as such, I won't go around stating that I have a penis. That's too much information and I don't believe anyone would want to hear about someone talking about their genitals anyway :P]   Offensive humor is not a part of me that I value greatly, I'll gladly omit from using it so I don't make anyone feel uncomfortable.   Which makes me wonder, Should I not use words like that at all, even around friends?   Are we not suppose to question your uses of shithumor?   I know you're not speaking to me but if I were told that it is offensive, even in the company of friends that wouldn't find it as such and I had been told so in a logical, non-patronizing manner [EG: Yes, It is racist to continue to use those words in that context, Yes you are at least slightly racist.]   I'll happily stop doing it.
1	The reasoning behind using only one champion is that with 200+ games with him/her you will know that champion well enough to focus on other aspects of the game, such as last hitting, lane control, map awareness, etc. Once you learn these mechanics you can transfer these skills to virtually any other champion.
1	But he doesn't LOL   >tierlisted higher   yeah, that's a total joke, you're seriously using a TIER LIST as a quantifier for what beats what in a given scenario?   Also it's commonly accepted in high elo (since you want to reference tier lists made by an individual...) that Riven is overall a more powerful champion and has fewer counters in lane than Tryndamere. She DOES beat Tryndamere, I don't know what game you're playing that it's not that way.   Your only argument is that "Tryndamere beats Riven because clearly you're doing it wrong and haven't 'optimized him for the solo top lane'" which is basically a meaningless phrase, since considering the only viable way to play him is top, and it's not hard to 'optimize' a champion for top lane, that says nothing.   If Tryndamere plays aggressive vs. Riven he either dies to your jungler, or straight-up loses in trades to Riven pre-6. Post-6 if you engage, she'll burst, stun, shield, and get out. Rinse and repeat til you have to blow your ultimate, and then she kills you with hers after. Her ultimate is on a lower cooldown at every rank, and has a longer duration than Trynd's by far.   Anyhow, Riven shuts Tryndamere down HARD pre-6, if you trade damage she comes out way ahead, RNG be damned it doesn't matter. Your passive is amazing vs. him. Post-6 it doesn't get much better, but Tryndamere can at least survive. Jungler influence is better for Riven considering Tryndamere basically has to push to sustain himself with Bloodlust, and Tryndamere is easier to gank than Riven no question.   Maybe you should try playing Tryndamere vs. Riven in 1800s or higher and see how well it works out for you. By the way, "all the pros" do NOT take heal/ignite on Tryndamere. There are lot of viable options for summoner spells on Tryndamere, most often I see Ghost/Cleanse, Flash/Cleanse, etc.
1	So, this isn't canon or anything but this is how I've always seen it:   When champions go in for a judgment to see whether not they can join the League of Legends, the Institute actually makes a "copy" of them - specifically, I think they make a copy of their soul.   The act of summoning isn't so much teleporting Jarvan, or Kat, or Garen, or anyone else to summoner's rift. After all, we hear about them running around and doing things all the time - it wouldn't make much sense for any of them to have other responsibilities when they could get teleported away at a moments notice.   But this "soul copy", or "imprint" that the summoners use to create their clone has all the potentials of that individual while not yet fulfilling them. Basically, you have to wake the soul up every time (as it attunes itself with its summoner) - that's why you have level up every game.   This system can also explain character updates. They get a new imprinting of the soul, maybe one day Irelia was feeling super confident, and then every imprinting since then she's had a cold.   --   Now the question I have is... what's the cost on the individual? Is it the horror of knowing that you're dying hundreds of times (or millions) out there on the field of battle? That every one of those "yous" has all of your hopes and dreams? Is there a drain on the individual the more times their soul is copied? Do their experiences on the rift filter back to them in their dreams?   Also, why is it weird that the institute of war is not only creating clones of the most powerful warriors of Runterra, but also training their members (summoners) to be the most skilled at guiding them?   There is mention that the Shadow Isles is preparing for war - could it be that they're upset about souls being reused, and not going to them? Did they send emissaries and spies in to try and figure out what to do about it?   ... I don't know. These are just my thoughts.
0	Yeah and the funny thing? the mod claimed i was being racist/sexist.   i have yet to figure out HOW i was being either. and besides most of the community is 16+ or somewhere around there.
1	From my experience in solo queue when one individual misplays others look at them as if they are holding them back (from what ever rank their goal is) and they take their frustration out on the person that misplayed. I have found that playing at night/mornings tend to be the best time for me to play.
1	So not my viewpoint on things. I have a plus record in normal and a negative record in ranked and ranked just makes me want to stab myself in the eye repeatedly. Normals, whatever my hElo may be, are more fun and more people know wth they're doing and are not trolling extremely hard. My sister has been lvling up her account and I occasionally duo queue with her in normals. She's around lvl 18 now and I get more competent people there (who are not lvl 30 yet) than I get in my ranked games. I'm not saying all my ranked games are bad, but most of the time they suck.   Elo is nice and all to have a ranking system and to a certain degree it works and over a very long time it evens out. However, there are A LOT of types of players who can get extremely fed up with it and just stop playing ranked entirely. The post Elementz made a while back about ranked not being fun to play for people below a certain Elo lvl still applies.   For myself fe: I function and play better when I play with and against players who are a lot better than me. I learn quickly and in general I can get myself on equal lvl fairly quickly. I've done this in FPS, MMO's and other games. You just put on the tryhard pants and try to keep up and for me that works out fine. That way of learning games is blocked up to a certain point unless one can get higher ranked players to queue with them, which is hard.   I'm just saying that I feel that to a certain degree the lvl of progression is severely limited due to the fact that the game matches you with players of equal caliber. It takes hundreds of games to get a correct estimate of someones Elo, according to most ppl here and on the official forums. However your starting place within the 0-1800ish range is decided in only 10 matches. And everyone who starts average (around 1200) has to deal with newcomers who might be considerably better or considerably worse for at least 10-20 wins (ie. until he reaches 1300-1400 range). And yeah you could potentially carry yourself from 1200 and up, but with ~12 points per won game that takes quite some effort and is probably only really doable if you could hold your own in the >1800 Elo bracket.
0	See this link:   It basically says if the color pink is due to myoglobin, and it changes to a clear color dependent on temperature AND ph of the chicken.  If the PH is low enough, the juices will run clear at temperates below safe threshholds.
1	I'm brazilian,never mention it in game,and speak in english...People usualy like how I play/help them,and I think they never will know that I'm brazilian. I concur that BRs are infact,annoying. But not ALL of them,and really,there's alot of Americans that are annoying too,not just them,but people from all over the world. How many times I've seen those [][][][][][] ? Koreans speaking their language in a game where no one understands them,or americans like "I mid,fck off Karthus,I want mid!!!" when said champ would do better in mid than him. I think I'm a nice person in-game,I avoid hitting champs with low HP to avoid "OMG KSER" or "I want mid or I feed" (I never called mid tbh)
1	I feel that it needs some good buffs to just feel more impactful than it is. Aside from in-lane, and even then the damage is pretty low, Varus doesn't get much play focused around popping his W stacks so it's more of "oh hey that's a nice little help" rather than something Varus is required to do to be utilized fully. His W atm feels unrewarding especially after the effort that is done to pull it off with 3 autos and THEN a skillshot to get a noticeable amount of damage. As a Varus, I'm more concerned about landing my abilities at the right time, positioning, and kiting correctly rather than how many W stacks do I have and how should I proc them when it comes to fights. Call me crazy but if they increase the amount that Varus' W increased per rank by about 66% I think it would be a more utilized ability; they can even remove the uninteractive bonus magic damage on hit passive for it if need be. So instead of 2/2.75/3.5/4.25/5% max health per stack it would be 2/3.25/4.5/5.75/7% per stack. Varus has trouble competing with the likes of Jinx and Twitch when it comes to a non-mobile adc late game so I feel this buff would definitely help his late game potential without putting him super over the top. Maxing W first I don't think would be considered a good idea due to the insane 16-18 sec cd on his basic abilities at lower ranks so there would be serious trades offs early if you decide to whilst putting him in a better spot to other non-mobile adcs late game regardless of what you maxed first.
0	It's worse than that. The Candy Man (I'm referring to the shopkeep, not Wonka, who the shopkeep may or may not be singing about) is literally throwing free candy at the rich children while serenading them.   Then, a few scenes later, Charlie goes in there to buy 2 bars of chocolate and he opens one in the store as he scarfs it down. The Candy Man does not allow him to enjoy, or sing him a fucking song about the delights of childhood, no. He impatiently clears his throat and beckons that he wants his money. What a fucking prick.   Furthermore, let's digress a little about Grandpa Joe. Exactly this meme. The movie alludes to the idea that Grandpa has ties to the factory on some level and has an unnatural passion at trying to get in that factory. Some have mentioned that he's the real Slugworth, trying to rebuild an empire. Does he tell the boy that maybe he should give his mom a break and allow her to go on this trip? No. Does he say anything about the 3 other bedridden people, including his own wife? No. He's so blocked by greed of getting back into that factory that he can't even fathom that. You can tell his true feelings when he starts singing and says "I'VE got the Golden Ticket...I'VE got the Golden Ticket". He doesn't say "you" or "we", it's "I".
1	I honestly don't like the use of the wording grinding in this thread. You don't play a match just to get the ip. You play matches for that particular match. I had bought one champion and I had a lot of fun with him at the start (nasus love). Then I chose to get a few tier 1/2 runes and maybe few champs as well. I started in season 1 and have only started hardcore playing in season 3. Didn't spend even 1 cent of money on the game until a friend of mine joined in this year (friends op). And I was happy to play the game that way.
0	This happened to me a couple years back.   I was heading home from work, and it was a just a miserable, cold, snowy day. And I saw this lady hitchhiking. I felt bad, so I pulled over to pick her up. I did, however, hit a patch of ice and lost control of my car. I had two choices, nail the semi in front of me, or veer off into a ditch. I chose the ditch. Almost immediately, two guys stopped to help me get my car out. It took about 30 minutes. The lady came over to ask what happened. I explained I was going to give her a ride home, and still would if I got my car out. So, we got the car out. I asked if she was still interested, and she was. She asked if I could help her out with something to drink and some cigarettes. I obliged, pulled into a convenience store and paid for cigarettes. The drink she wanted turned out to be one of those 99 bananas mini shot drinks. I was too nice to say no to that, and what's the harm?   Back in the car, I asked where we were going. She proceeded to tell me her friends house, in a part of town far shadier then where we already were. I got nervous, but she didn't seem to care. She called her "friend". A guy that didn't sound pleasant, or small, gets on the phone and gives me the address. She hangs up the phone and then asks, if I could maybe help her out a little more. And then proceeds to tell me that she's a prostitute, the place we're going is her "bosses" house and then gives me her prices. I pulled over at the next gas station and told her, this is as far as I'm going. Merry Christmas and good luck. She started fiddling with her purse, which freaked me out much more. But she got out, looking pissed as shit, and cussing me out as I drove off.
1	Edit: Down votes for facts. Welcome to /r/leagueoflegends   >you just need a pair of boots   I don't think you understand just how short a period of time .75 seconds is. Even .95 seconds including the windup.   Lets do some math. Ahri's base movespeed is 330. With boots 1 she's at 355.   Veigar's E is 375 units wide. That means if you cast it right on top of them, they have to go 187.5 units to get out of it. Seems easy, right? Should be able to do that in under half a second. Except that it's physically impossible to react that quickly. [The average human reaction time is 215 milliseconds, or .215 seconds]( This means that the champion is already lost 40.3 game units worth of time not moving.   If we add that onto the 187.5 units required to get out, we get 227.8. Cool, still should only take .65 seconds to get out of it. Though we're getting dangerously close to the .75 second delay. But no problem.   But lets factor in ping.   If we follow [this survey that took place last month]( we can say on average people have ~90 ping. Factoring in location, player density, and overall ping.   That means you're adding another 90 milliseconds on that, or .09 seconds. In that time you could've gone ~16 game units of distance.  227.8 + 16 of course is 243.8. Still not the biggest difference, but I wanted to make sure the numbers were accurate.   So that means, if we take 243.8/355 we still have about .68 seconds worth of movement before we are out of Veigar's cage perimeter. That means there's a <0.1 second window of escape before you fail to exit the cage. Just under .3 if we're including the wind-up for the animation, which Riot has already said they're going to work on tweaking.   So there you have it. Yes, you can get out of Veigar's cage. But your window of opportunity is <0.1-<0.3 seconds, assuming you try to move out of it (which I would say most players do). If you don't, well you're stuck in this cage now for  3 whole seconds  in which a jungler can get down some damage or cc on you and Veigar can full combo you.
1	While I wholeheartedly agree with you, I think that Riot Games can only move so fast.   I don't think that Riot was fully expecting the ridiculous exponential growth in the past few years. And even now, they're still trying to keep up with it. There will, of course, be a time when this growth evens out and becomes more stable.   This may all just be speculation and assumptions that I'm making, but with the current size of the organization (~1000 employees, according to Wikipedia), they're probably trying to move as fast as they can without being reckless in their endeavors. This is evident [according to this article about their plan to expand into a campus in 2015.](   A smart move - to add 500 more employees. Trying to expand faster just to keep up with the high growth rates would just be a blind and slightly reckless decision, and will most likely exacerbate a possible (financial) bubble burst if they're not careful. 500 employees should not be enough to cause severe organizational culture shock (especially with Riot's meticulous hiring process) or issues within Riot's organizational structure itself, but be enough to deal with the current growth.     With that said, your letter acts as a great wake up call for Riot. What's more, I think Riot needs to analyze the growth and set some priorities - not only for the future, but for the present as well.   While I agree that Riot needs to find a way to engage the players, they've basically got three huge categories of market they're dealing with: eSports Development (LCS/Challenger Scene/etc.), League of Legends Development (the actual game itself) and.. well, everything else (everything - from IT's management of social media exposure to player support).   There needs to be a matter of prioritization within these three categories or markets, if you will. The eSports (LCS) exposure draws in immense popularity for the game. The actual game is a source of stable revenue (RP sales). And finally, everything else (player support, media exposure, etc.) helps build Riot's reputation as a player-dedicated company.   According to [this article]( Riot considers the LCS more of "an investment into the game for our fans — just like we’d [they'd] invest in any other feature within the game," thus proving my above point. And even with the live LCS crowds in Season 4, I doubt Riot's making any significant profits.   So what Riot should sit down and contemplate is this: "How do we convert this popularity into more revenue?" followed by "How can we distribute these profits into our current investments?" and finally, "Where do we want to focus our attention on - LCS or the game?"   Of course, everyone's answer to that last question would be to focus on both. But the reality is that one needs to receive more attention than the other - at least until its growth stabilizes. My opinion is that the focus needs to be on the game, for obvious reasons. The game is interesting, which is why LCS is interesting.   At the very basic level of an example, consider this: fans don't wait for new professional players to enter the scene so they can see these pro players play the same existing champions. They want to see new champions released and hope that the existing pro players pick them up and play them.
0	For example, preferential treatment in classrooms. For example, the fact that the characteristics that our society has determined are important for success are often those that our society links to men--strength, aggressiveness, dominance. the fact that often, when women display these traits they're called "bitches" or "feminazis" but when men do they're called leaders. The fact that I will never have to worry that some politician is going to try to write a law controlling my reproductive rights and my body (or at least there's no precedent for me to worry--i guess who knows that the future holds...). the fact that if i run for office, no one will wonder if i'm "too emotional" to run (anyone remember what people were saying in '08 when Clinton was campaining?).   As for yr second point, right on! I think it's totally reasonable to not want to date someone who thinks they're always entitled to free meals. but aren't those things kind of a consequence of patriarchy? if we didn't have this historical pattern of men being in higher positions of power and being the family breadwinners (a trend that is maybe breaking down now but nonetheless has been around long enough to influence the way we think about relationships between men and women), why would there be an assumption that men should have to pay? If our society didn't have a cultural legacy of paternalism and sexism, if for example our history was one where women weren't characterized as the weaker, lesser sex, would we have these antiquated traditions of having to open doors for women or moving a chair or any of that stuff?
1	Why not proceed the vote just like last year that ppl choose their favorite player for each role from each region? I have heard that SKT T1 almost guarantee going to this tournament, since they got a the most circuit points, I was wondering it is kinda unfairness for the other regions since SKTT1 is way much stronger than any other team in the world, there is still 2 months to go but I don't think there is any other team could beat 'em
0	You're making it sound like anyone who is over 25 and single is immature and somehow broken.   Here's a hint: Relationships end and the older you get the trickier it gets to meet someone new, at 30+ it's amazing how few of the people you hang out with are single, and how little free time you actually have, and how few genuinely new people you meet (oh how I miss college sometimes, compared to adult life where you might meet a new friend of a friend once or twice per month and your other outlet is actively chasing social situations  it was paradise, every week it seemed like I was running into a few new interesting people without even trying, now everyone has their friends and isn't particularly interested in making new friends).   Also, once you've had a few relationships you begin to realize that "she's hot and willing" isn't a very strong foundation for a relationship so you don't throw yourself head first into a relationship with someone, you might hook up with her but you'll wait for someone you have a connection with before going further than that.
0	Went to a club for Chinese new years last Friday. Immediately remembered why I stopped going in the first place.
0	I was in 7-11 not too long ago around midnight and a man who was clearly in pain( he had a hospital bracelet on still) dropped a bag of chips, I ran over and picked it up for him, I then helped him get his slurpee. When we got to the register he was very adamant about buying my bread for me saying how he had been to a few places and no one had offered to help even when he desperately needed it an i had helped without a second thought, little did he know I was buying the bread with coins I had found and was hoping I had enough for it so I was so grateful that he bought it for me. We both ended up helping each other a lot without really doing much. :)
0	As an indoor environmental specialist I can confirm that this is a result of poor air filtration. The amount of dust collected in the furnace and "burning" is an indication of one and/or two things.   Firstly, a crash course on the filter found in your HVAC plenum. The cheapest and least efficient is the fiberglass filter. In the industry we call it a swallow catcher because the only thing it's good at catching are birds. You can see straight through it and it can be a hazard to your health depending on the area you live in. Secondly, and most often found, are pleated and box pleated filters. The idea here is that many folds increase the surface area and therefore increasing the efficiency. In most areas this is suitable. Lastly, there are electrostatic filters. Not all of which are as effective as advertised. These are "stage loading" vs "face loading" filters. They are multilayered and the good ones come with lifetime warranties. I highly recommend these as the investment is always outweighed by the benefits. Specifically, because it's never replaced and only washed.   With that in mind the air quality in your area can significantly affect your health if not properly met with the right filter. Living within 1000ft of a high traffic highway can increase your likelihood of heart and lung disease by 50%. In these cases you'll notice things like "filtration soiling" or dark lines in the carpet around the baseboards and under frequently closed doors. Similar effects can be found near airports and in the vicinity of industrial areas.   If you live in any of those areas you should always have an electrostatic filter in your HVAC units. It can prolong your life. Any other situation should have at lease pleated filters. In no case should you be using a fiberglass filter.
1	Here are the problems I want to layout on towers.   Towers deal physical damage.  Champions deal magic, physical, and true damage.   Champions can build armor to negate towers almost to where they do nothing.   Also in Magic damage vs Physical damage lanes the magic damage generally has the offensive and defensive advantage.  If you are building armor you are negating the physical damage dealers damage and their towers damage but if they are building magic resist they are only negating your damage.   With that said I think towers damage values should be adjusted and changed to a mix of Magical, Physical, and True damage setting the values at about 40/40/20% for each so if towers did say 200 total damage they would deal 80 magic damage, 80 physical damage and 40 True damage.  We could maintain the Towers current ramp up system where they gain damage and attackspeed with each hit and give them a stronger defensive stat when champions are near.  Tower gain armor and MR when allies are nearby and lose armor and MR when enemies are nearby(if I recall correctly) but should not lose stats unless enemy minions are nearby and gain bonus stats if it is a backdoor attempt or tower dive.
0	I used to have a friend who had some pretty serious mental and physical handicaps. He invited me to his birthday party. I went and discovered that the place was full of his other friends all similar to him in disability. No big deal!   Well anyway there's this one girl who is there with her handicapped brother. She's a dime if I've ever seen one. She saw me tossing a ball to my buddy and getting overly excited when he caught it. She started chatting with me, being all sweet and shit. I thought she was really into me until it dawned on me... she thought I was one of the tards. The look on her face when she realized I wasn't tarded was hilarious.  At first I was really offended, but then I realized how embarrassed she was and that made me laugh in her face.
1	The OP was using hyperbole, it's similar to describing doing well in a video-game as 'raping'. This describes a horrifying and atrocious act but when someone is playing the new Yi he isn't literally raping the enemy team, that is impossible within the game. Just like this, they aren't speaking for an extended period of time to hold up legislature, but they are speaking for an extended period of time while the game is held up, that's pretty darn close and I personally had no problem understanding what OP meant. English is cool like that. Not that it really matters anyway, we're bickering over whether what something said on the internet is proper use of a word or not.
1	First of all, I have a feeling that you're taking my post a bit too personally. I'm not talking about you or me or even this OP in particular, but the gigantic playerbase of this game, a majority of who JUST play the game and never read lol content or opinions.   >> If a Grandmaster taught a student how to become a good kung-fu fighter...   Funny thing is, I was about to include a kungfu grandmaster analogy in my previous post but I left it out because it was too long and probably wouldn't resonate with people who don't watch martial arts movies. Let me explain:   In the beginning of my post, I say this: "What you are saying might have been true a year or two ago". Why do I say this? Because, before it was literally impossible to play the game without understanding it. During S1 or beta, there were no accepted standards of whats good and whats bad. So everyone just did what they liked. Sometimes it was a failure and waste of time, sometimes it was a success. Everyone was a student and there was no master.   Guides and tier lists are used to expedite this process. Its the idea of gaining more efficiency by not "re-inventing the wheel". Take programming as an example: Let's say I want to create a program that adds 2 numbers together, there are countless examples of calculators that people have made better than making my own from scratch. So, its more efficient for me to just use those. I could've come up with the best calculator idea but maybe it would take years of trial and error and improvement.   Now, bring it back to league. Let's say I want to play Riven. What's the best way to play Riven? I could ignore all the internet and spend years taking my own notes of how to improve my Riven play OR I could take 5 mins to browse a few guides where people have compiled all their knowledge. Perhaps in the end of your years of solo Riven labor, you may come to the wrong conclusions and become a shit player OR there's a possibility that you'll reach all the same conclusions that the guides taught anyway. Its just about saving time...or is it?   Let's take a brief detour to the programming example: if i just keep ripping off other people's ideas on how to program because its more efficient, then I will never learn to create good programs with my own ideas. I can become a very well paid and successful with just implementing the teachings of others, but I don't think I'd truly understand programming.   You think that 1-trick ponies don't exist? The world is full of 1-trick ponies, its called specialization and its utilized because it is efficient. Its likely that our disagreement stems from the degree to which 1-trick ponies are possible to climb the ladder. Note that there are significant examples of 1-trick ponies that even exist in pro play.   Now let's go back to the grandmaster thing. In most grandmaster stories, the disciple usually bitches to the master about having to do basic exercises and unrelated shit while the master talks in riddles and doesn't teach the disciple the ultimate skill. I believe that this is because the master knows that in order to truly master the kung fu or whatever, you have to independently reach the master's state without him directly telling you how to do it. He's just there to push you in the right direction, but the ultimate value lies in you finding the answer yourself.   Thats why he makes you labor through all the shit that you thought was a waste of time instead of saving you time and gaining efficiency. The master knows that the student who just imitates him and doesn't truly understand martial arts by going through the same labors and reaching the same conclusions independently will never become a master himself and instead just be a scrub who is real good at some specific aspects but lacks a rounded understanding of the whole thing.   Now, in this analogy, the labors are trying out different builds, different champs, different strategies to see what is good and what is shit and what fits best for you. The guides are NOT the kungfu master, they are more like the expedited transcript of the grandmaster's experiences, you can use them responsibly or callously.   Let's say I wanted to find the BEST Riven build. Again, here's the entire spectrum of how I can do that:   •    Test EVERY item combination multiple times until a conclusion emerges   •    Test items that make relative sense, ignoring stuff like AP Riven   •    Look at a couple of guides, test the items combos mentioned in those guides   •    Just glance at item combo mentioned in the most popular guide, or just use recommended items   As you can see, understanding tends to decrease from the (least efficient) top option to the (most efficient) bottom option. With each step, you are expediting some of the process by outsourcing the labor to others. If you JUST want to get to high elo in a fast and efficient way, this is a good method. But, it is relying on the premise that there is no value in doing the "wrong" stuff. I can agree that testing out AP Riven is probably a waste of time, but there is so much you can learn from failing in other ways that cannot possibly be learned by succeeding all the time.   Playing from behind is a great example of this. There are even pro teams who suck at playing from behind because they rape everyone in scrims playing in a certain way.   So, going back to the main point, you're right to say that the student is a good fighter regardless of how. But can he be a master? Can he do the things that masters presumably do like create his own techniques? Advance the understanding of the current techniques? Teach a disciple how to become a great kung fu fighter? No, maybe he can even win the grandmaster in a fight by now but that doesn't mean he's a better at martial arts.   If he just read the transcripts of the teacher's experiences without truly going through the labors himself, he will not become a master. He will become an imitator who excels in random street fights (solo queue) and if he has good physical condition (mechanics), that's all he needs to successful top tier fighter (He will win more fights than he loses). But all the masters will undoubtedly look at him and be in consensus that this imitator doesn't really understand martial arts at its core.
1	The difference between League and other games, and why I think League has such a more negative player-base compared to others, has to do with the type of game that it is.   To even get into League, and play a ranked game takes several weeks worth of playing. It takes effort, concentration, dedication, etc, to even play on an adequate level. They don't even let you play against other players until you're level 5. League represents an investment of time and energy that other games just don't. I can hop in and out of 6 Call of Duty games in as many minutes if I want. To play one all the way through, win or lose, is at THE MOST 10 minutes, that's the time limit, if no one wins outright before that.   To play 6 League games, win or lose, for most people that's more time than they have to play League in a day, or even a weekend, that's 4-5 hours of play time.   If you hop in a game, that is a large amount of time and energy you've already spent to even be at that point, and the game represents another investment.   Further, nothing about it is within your direct control, and no one likes that at all. I could win a Call of Duty game with a lobby full of feeders by myself, I've done it dozens of times. I'll just go 35-4 and win on my own against an entire team that can't touch me. In League, you can't do shit about it if your team is that bad, NO ONE can carry 4 people alone.   The investment that even playing League represents, added to the stress of each game, in addition to the frustration and anger that the lack of total control provides, on top of the usual stuff from day to day bullshit is just too much stress. That's why people that don't rage/feed or lose their cool are generally much higher ranked players and further up the ladder. The ragers stay low on the list because they lose their heads and stop thinking about the game and the enemy team, and start thinking about their own team.   Think about it, have you ever seen Voyboy, Dyrus, WildTurtle, or any of the other top level players rage on their stream? Sure, when a teammate does something stupid they will say, "What the hell is this guy doing?", but they don't type it out, they keep it out of the game and out of their heads. The most they will do is offer a constructive criticism, which is usually welcomed, thanked, and ends with almost immediate improvement.
1	In S2, %pen was applied before flat pen. They changed that in S3, and reworled Black Cleaver heavily. Black Cleaver was the new OP at that point, and it wasn't uncommon to see people stack multiples.   Then, people realized BC could be countered via Warmogs. When everyone, ADCs included, bought Warmogs, Warmogs got nerfed and Blade of the Ruined King got buffed.   Since Blade does physical damage, it can be mitigated by building armor, leading to people preferring mixed items like Randuin's or Sunfire.
0	I'm usually one to start watching a show on my own terms (in that I didn't necessarily get into a show because someone recommended it) and then if I really like it I'll either recommend it if I think someone would really enjoy it or I'll just watch it on my own and let them discover it on their own if I'm not sure whether they'd like it or not.   For instance, I got into Breaking Bad on my own after deciding to just put it on while browsing Netflix. I'd heard about it and my parents were fans of it but I'd never really given it much thought until deciding to see it for myself. I loved it and flew through the series within a few days (I think it was around the time the show was airing its later episodes of season 4). I recommended the show to my cousins because I hadn't seen any TV shows like it and they quickly got into it too.   I also got into Louis on FX after watching Louis CK standup on Netflix. I thought it was hilarious but I didn't think any of my friends would be into it, but sure enough they discovered it on their own and loved it. I always figured the show wouldn't be their type of thing but more power to them.   I think the only show that I've watched as a result of heavy recommendation from my peers is Game of Thrones. I was always reluctant to get into the show because I found out, before ever having watched any episodes, how the first season ends so I didn't really have much interest in it. Even after my friends basically forcing me to watch the first episode I wasn't really sold on it. It took me having to watch about halfway through the season to really start warming up to the show (due large in part to Peter Dinklage's awesome performance keeping me interested). Now it's become one of my favorite shows but I can certainly understand why some people just wouldn't be able to get into it. There are so many characters and I had the benefit of my friends letting me borrow a dvd of it (with character family trees) so I could take my time to actually understand the events unfolding. If I didn't have people telling me to stick with it, I can confidently say I wouldn't have finished the first season before completely losing interest.   I guess the point I'm getting to is that sometimes it does make it much harder to stick with a show when people are being overbearing about you watching it. So sometimes I just won't recommend a show knowing that my friends will more than likely discover it on their own and either love it or not. In any case, it's no skin off my back (or theirs) if they don't get into it. On other occasions, if there's a show that I'm not sure they're aware of or that I'm just starting to get into (but not too deeply), I'll recommend it almost as a way to get them to take the journey with me. I was only about a season or two into Breaking Bad when I recommended it to others, so it was more about sharing the sense of discovery with someone else, rather than "You HAVE to watch this show, start to finish, it's so amazing!" It was more like "Dude, I just got into this show and so far it's pretty cool. Would you be down to watch it?" If people that haven't seen it ask me about it nowadays, I usually just tell them it's my favorite show (or at least it was. True Detective is probably my new favorite TV show) and that they should definitely give it a try but that's about it. I think telling someone to go watch a series in its entire run is only feasible when the show is in its youth, because the person doesn't have so many episodes to sit through. Its much less daunting of an endeavor and they're more likely to be interested in it. Nowadays, you tell someone "Go watch Breaking Bad now, it's so damn good!", that's all well and good but that person is now faced with the prospect of watching about six years worth of television all in one sitting. Unless they're the kind of person that goes on TV watching binges, it's just not going to be interesting for them. The investment of time is too large to take just based on the recommendation of someone.   On a sort of side note: I highly recommend True Detective, especially if you're into more character-oriented stuff (McConaughey's performance alone makes it worth a watch and Harrelson is fantastic as well). The plot may seem slow to develop at first (intentionally so), but it really picks up after the first two or three episodes and the first season is only going to be eight episodes (with a story that will actually conclude at the end of the season).
0	I think it's partly reactionary. Many people don't like being told their choices are wrong especially when they are perfectly acceptable choices. My wife and I are child free and likely will remain so for the foreseeable future, we are both 28 and just have no interest whatsoever in raising a child. Many people, especially older people, are really starting to put the pressure on us to pop one out. Many of our friends are just starting to have kids and we are getting pressure to have some so they "grow up together". We can't attend a gathering of family or friends lately (like in the last 3 years) without the topic coming up. This is despite saying over and over that we have absolutely no interest in having children and that likely won't ever change. People don't understand how condescending it is to say things like, "you'll come around", or some variation. No, we are thoughtful, educated, successful adults who can come to our own conclusion regarding how we want to live our one life.
1	He has a terrible early game, any champ can bully him lane, if you don't push the early advantage then yes, you will probably lose lane. The other thing is he contributes little to team fights, he only real damage spell is his q and his ult, if you push for early team fight in other areas of the map he wont be able to farm and you will be able to get enough ahead to deal with him even in a late game team fight.
0	this whole fucking DAE unpopular?! followed by inevitable top comment OMG ITS ACTUALLY POPULAR GUISE and then le reddit upvote bridge splooges everywhere and goes "chaeeyyaa this guy omg thats so right cuz its actually popular not unpopular"  let me help you out kids.. if something gets to the front page .. ITS POPULAR .. if it doesnt... its not.. the only real unpopular opinions have 0 or negative upvotes... why the fuck do you fedora tippers have to argue about whether or not its popular while stroking your neckbeards? why cant there be actual discussion or an interesting opinion anywhere with positive karma... or maybe its just too controversial and the only safe bet is to .. just.. fuck it
0	I'm a chick, and farts are funny. I worked in an after-school program for several years. I also have severe IBS. We made the kids sit in lines according to their grade when we were transitioning activities. One day I had incredibly foul gas and didn't want to poison my coworkers, so I walked along the row with 1st grade and kindergarten and let it slip out silently as blanketed the entire line. It was fantastic. Every child was blaming someone different by the time I got back to the head of the rows. I clued in my co-workers and we sat back and enjoyed the show.
0	Most companies are complete crap. I worked for 3 weeks at Northwestern Mutual over summer, which is considered #1 for life insurance (based on their credit rating, average payout on claim, dividends) and fucking hated it. They don't pay you ("you're not an employee, you're an agent of the company") so you really need to whore yourself pretty hard if you want to make any money. Everyone (at least that in my office) who was successful was a complete tool. Highly educated (most people in my office went to Stanford or somewhere else private) and hated anything relating to Barack Obama or economic redistribution. Very conservative, very douchy (sp?) crowd.
0	So, this one night a few years ago, me and some friends decided to drive to New York City from RI (about a 4hr drive) because we were bored at like 10pm. Something happens, and me and my girlfriend get into a fight. The neighbors call the cops, who show up, see that nothing major is happening, and leave. By this time, it's like 11pm, we decide to still go to NYC.   We get there at like 3am on a Saturday night. Walk around an empty times square, and stop at some pizza joint for some pizza. We eat about half our pizza, and leave. On the way out, we see a homeless guy, and give him this half a pizza. He praises us about how generous we are, and how we have pure souls, and that no matter what else we do in life, we're getting into heaven. I've been using that as a "get out of jail free" card for like 7 years now. That no matter what, a homeless guy said I was good enough to get into heaven no matter what.
1	There are multiple problems with Wriggles that makes it sub-optimal for jungling on Volibear. The first is the cost of the item for the combat stats it gives (20 armor, 25% attack speed). The upfront cost is 1650 gold, so in take advantage of the item, you must first get that much gold in order to start powerfarming the jungle.   I haven't done the math on this, but it was done by someone on Reddit when the jungle items were reworked.  Once  you get the lantern, you must powerfarm the jungle for around 15-20 minutes in order for the extra gold to make up for the lack of stats on the item. Because of the nature of its passive, you have to powerfarm as if you were Master Yi in order to take full advantage of it. Since Volibear is a gank-heavy jungle, this is not very good for him.   The second problem with Wriggles on Volibear is the function and purpose of the item. Like I stated above, Volibear is a ganking jungler, not a farming jungler like Master Yi, Tryndamere, Karthus etc. When you gank a lane, you lose potential gold earned from the item and make it an even less worthwhile purchase. Meanwhile on the three Spirit items, you get bonus gold for clearing a camp based on the time since you cleared your last one. This means that you aren't punished for ganking or dueling the enemy jungler in between camps, and you can do all of the other jungler duties while maximizing the efficiency of your item.   Additionally, the stats that the item gives are not as good on Volibear as Spirit of the Ancient Golem, the better item for him. Wriggles gives him a little bit of attack speed and armor, which slightly helps in combat, but the  main benefit  is the maim passive, which  helps you clear the jungle much more quickly . Like I said, Volibear does not need to clear very fast, so it is not that important.   The Ancient Golem, on the other hand, gives health, which is either the best or the second-best (to movement speed) stat on Voli because his passive and bite both scale well off of it. Health is so good on Volibear that people like Trick2g actually stack giant's belts on him before completing them into final items. It also gives tenacity and cooldown reduction, which are both helpful for ganking and killing enemy champions. Finally, the Ancient Golem also helps Volibear clear camps more quickly, although it is not quite as fast as Wriggles.
0	Yes.  Great.  Other jobs, as ways to get out of the shit job of being a cashier for people like you, are getting outsourced.  Awesome, and I'm supposed to feel good about this?   As for manning up.  Here, how about I assault your ears with same fucking jokes every day for a year, and then tell me how easy it is to smile and laugh after hearing them yet again.  As for what my job is, I'm only a supplementary cashier, I'm only ringing people up less than half the time, unless it's really busy.  And I'm still sick of the jokes.  Doesn't mean I can't crack a smile, chuckle, and joke right back.  But when I get people telling others that it's basically my job to be your doormat, you're immediately a shit excuse for a human.  From how you're pointing things out, you're probably the person that goes out of their way to make things hard on cashiers, then feels justified for doing so for some odd reason.   As for if it matters... Yes.  Yes it does matter.  If it wasn't for people being there to stock the shelves, to ring you out, to clean up your trail of shit after you leave, how the fuck would you get anything?  And what of those who are doing the job for a little bit to try and have some form of income while going to school?  What of those still in high school that the only place that will take them is the fast food industry or being a cashier at some place?
0	I have a story as well:   In Toronto, this company was having a video game tournament and I arrived late, not knowing it was going on.   One of the games there in the tournament was Mario Kart Wii. I was forced to enter as a wild card, and I had to win every single race I was in to get to the finals.   I forget how many races there were before the finals but I pulled that shit off, getting first in every one. I'd drawn a crowd at this time.   Finally, the finals vs this other guy who managed to get 1st in every race but one. He was really good, and got 3 firsts in a row. (Best of 7) - But he started getting cocky at this point.   Fast forward. I get 3 firsts and it's game 7. Final lap, Koopa Cape, coming up to that final jump. He's in 1st and I'm in 2nd. I have nothing, he's going to win. He stupidly drops behind me at the question box to get something and ends up in 5th (or something) and gets a blue shell. I ended up with a mushroom.   So he shoots the blue shell at me and smirks, easily passing up to second and waiting till it hits me. I hit my mushroom as the blue shell is overhead and I blast through the blue shell and over the line. I win, by one point.
1	I used to main garen, and honestly, at lower elo (<1400) he pretty much stomps because it requires a certain level of skill to counter him (whereas it requires less skill to use him).  However, once you have the necessary skills and the right idea to counter him, playing vs him top is awesome. These are probably the best ways to fight him:   In lane: Teemo, Vlad, and Darius are all great lane counters.   As Teemo, when he uses his q to speed up, you use your w to run away.  Just poke at him all day with auto attacks, be wary of when you are going in for last hits and also when he is, and just never get hit.  Let your poison do work on his ass.  Don't chase him too far to harass him.  Do not enter the brush chasing him, and in general stay away from the brush if he's in it.   As Vlad, same type of deal, just poke him with q and auto attacks all day.  If he q's to come at you, use your blood pool at the last second and keep running.  For both vlad and teemo, be wary of the creep line and try to keep creeps between you two for easier kiteability.   As Darius, make sure you trade properly.  Harass him with your q, try your best not to push creeps but if you do make sure you ward to watch out for jungler.  If he starts his q to fight you, you must start your w and also hit your q before he gets to you.  Then, he will spin to win, do not run.  Just auto attack him.  Once he is done with his spin to win he will turn around because he can't just auto attack trade with you.  This is when you grab him back for another auto attack and another q if possible, chase him for like 1-2 seconds if you have to (this is key, if you do not grab him back he will have won the trade).  Don't chase for too far because his q will likely come back and he'll hit you again for a good chunk of damage then run away.  At this point you've probably won the trade, and he won't go near the creeps for a while because if he does you'll probably kill him.  At level 6, employ the same strategy then ult his ass for the kill.   In teamfights: If you're ranged, just walk away from him.  If he uses his q, cc him and walk away.  His q will run out, and you will be fine.  If you're a tank, cc him to help peel, then walk past him and ignore him.  Once his speed boost from q is down, unless he is standing right next to you (which if you are ranged and can position, he shouldn't be) he will be pretty useless.  Once his spin to win is used up which if you cc'd him he shouldn't hit you with it, he has no damage.  Carry on with the fight.   Typically if garen is not picked as a counter pick, at higher elo's he will be punished hard.  The other comment about akali is also accurate, although I don't play akali myself.  Another champ that can at least be ok vs garen is riven, but that requires a very high level of skill (coming from the brush, stunning, avoiding silence and dashing before it goes up, etc..)
0	Yeeeaaah, still illegal to brake check someone.   I never brake check people.  I do, however, brake suddenly when "a dog ran out in front me".  Happens all the time on the high way.  Very strange.
1	The problem with this analysis is the assumption it makes that the time spent in all levels is the same. That is, the time you spend in level 3-4 is the same as the time spent in level 17-18, which is obviously incorrect. Especially for an ADC, who is almost always paired with another party member for any experience gains, total time spent in lower levels will be far more than time spent being level 17+ from a game-to-game standpoint.   Yes, it takes less exp to level at lower levels so theoretically you can argue that you spend more time at higher levels, but consider the average game length of 35 mins. How many of your games actually last long enough for most players to be level 17/18? The truth is a very small portion of solo queue games get to late game. I obviously cannot provide empirical data for that claim, but anyone would be hard-pressed to provide a counterargument. Intangibles such as teams' capabilities to snowball a lead (or incapability to comeback from a deficit) or toxicity often leads to short one-sided solo queue games.   This is the reason why high elo players in the D1 and Challenger range often support the early runepage setups, as well as reiterate the opinion that "runes are only for early game." The fact is early game is something you will ALWAYS go through, whereas late game occurs much less frequently. Total time spent in early game far exceeds time spent in late game. And we all know what an early game lead or deficit can lead to (toxicity).
0	So I'm going to let you in on a bit of knowledge that will probably go unappreciated. The completely raw meat of just about any animal is, bar none, the best meat in the world (exception pig, never eat raw pork, ever.) Thinly sliced raw beef is a treat to die for and raw venison is majestic. But then you have the problems of transportation and storage.   If you shoot a cow in the head and eat the meat right then and there, it is literally, the best thing you'll ever taste, really, just the memories of it make my mouth water. But that is highly impractical, chances are most of us never will get to enjoy that. So the meat has to be processed and cured to some degree. I'm not going to go into unnecessary details, but processing the meat makes it unfit to eat raw (it is really fucking disgusting, but I won't go there).   That's a shame, because as I said earlier, "the raw meat of just about any animal is, bar none, the best meat in the world" so by the time it gets to your local super market, you have a slice of great meat wrapped in shit and germs. You have to cook the meat long enough to kill the germs on the outside or you're going to have a bad time that may include a trip to the local ER.   So we have this interesting problem, the more you cook the meat, the safer it is, but the less you cook the meat, the better it is.   By the time the meat gets hot enough on the outside to kill the germs, you've pretty much ruined all the meat outside. If you are lucky you have a core of great tasting red meat in the center.   That's traditional cooking, and that's where Sous Vide cooking comes in. Sous Vide is about cooking meat at the lowest possible temperature and persevering the lowest possible safe temperature, and thus the best possible taste.   Sous Vide is the best tasting cooked old meat possible. It is amazing, the flavors that happen with Sous Vide, they do not exist for normal people.   But people are scared of raw meat. So when you cook a Sous Vide dish, you fry it up in a pan with oil, and make it ready for the customer, by burning the outside and making it look "right."   Truth of the mater is, a raw chunk of beef taste greater than most people will ever know. People don't get that, and transportation sucks, so the best most people will ever know is a hunk of meat run trough the Sous Vide cooking process.
1	I agree it is really dumb but there is a reason behind it. It is against the rules to post something not league related period. Yes /r/lolfanart exists but that doesn't mean that art isn't allowed here. If art can only be posted to lolfanart then it could lead to worse things tbh. imagine all TSM post getting deleted because they are posted in /r/leagueoflegends and not /r/teamsolomid
1	So everyone knows what happened.... 5 minutes of Q&A with Morello, what we did we learn from this?     Riot is really happy with how big LoL has gotten in tournaments.   No new maps for awhile.   Balance is very important.   Stealth is till being worked on for balance (see above)   We (Riot) like trolling people
0	An american ton is 2,000 lbs. But 2,000lbs is equal to 37 furlongs. And a furlong is equal to 83 wizzlewozzles. A wizzlewozzle is equal to 16 shalazams. But 3 shalazams are equal to 15 strides from John one mile over.  [
0	While similar, these are two different types of douchebags. The comic you linked is about a breed of douchebag that doesn't expect downvotes and bitches when he inevitably receives them. This comic is about douchebags trying to whore for karma by tricking the hivemind into believing they are independent thinkers.
0	This is kind of easier said than done. People with more economic capital will be involved with people who have more cultural capital, and hence higher "dreams". "Dreams" can vary from being an astrophysicist to paying next week's rent. And because I'm not into bullshitting anything, let's just agree upfront those are two very different dreams from two very different people, who come from two very different backgrounds.
0	Yeah, I worked as a maid at a high end resort and had these horrible guests say the same thing to me and a fellow employee. Both of us are working on masters degrees and worked there to pay the bills. Our boss was out in the hallway and told us to stop cleaning up her spilled bath water, said some curt, but truthfully things to the woman and we all left. The guest complained, but the resort values their employees so much that they asked the guests to leave. It was very rewarding,
0	If you only said, shouldn't wear those because they are see through and when you communicated that to said co-worker you did so in a "normal/reasonable" way, nothing should happen. There's variables across institutions and states. In the Public/non-profit sectors i'm pretty certain HR professionals are supposed to apply a reasonable person test/analysis when dealing with these types of claims. I guess if she was really upset, maybe HR would conduct interviews and ask around if any one else heard the comment.  Either way nothing should have come out of this.
1	There's a flip side to this coin.   I had a game yesterday where I was 4v5 the entire game.   I had said nothing the entire game, before at 30 minutes in the phrase "gg lol easy we'd have won anyway" came into play. Really? 30 minutes is easy? You lost every lane despite being 5 people vs 4 and you'd have won anyway?   Long story short, I was provoked by a weak explanation of the above phrase and so I gave a long, LONG rant about what these particular players should do to themselves. Act like a bellend, get treated like one. If players aren't graceful and humble enough in the game, expect to be told where to go.   [EDIT] Taking into account one of your edits: >"If they are depressed, they shouldn't play in the first place." Maybe if you're someone who is prone to raging and flame, you shouldn't play in the first place. Although that being said, for both ragers or flamers, and those on receiving end who are affected by it, perhaps ranked isn't the place for you.   I typically do not flame. But when provoked by children who can't be graceful enough to accept some free ELO due to a disconnect flame and bait me for losing a game I had no hope of winning then really the fact that they cut themselves on my request wouldn't bother me. You wouldn't walk up to a bear and slap it in the face and not expect to get mauled. You wouldn't wander over to your local sugar daddy and not pay him and not expect to have your limbs crushed.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	How about coaching a straight up newbie?   Completely new to LoL and PC gaming in general. Some familiarity with RTS games though but mainly play FPS games so the reaction and critical thinking is there. I probably have about 4 days played total and been spending it in daycare (vs bots). Started doing well against beginner only to kick it up a notch and go to intermediate. I handled my lane fine until the bot in my lane got back up by some fed companions.   So thats where I am at. I like this game, I want to stick around and so far I dont get or have yet to see the toxic community LoL is knows for. Im a level 10 and I do eventually want to get good enough to reach diamond but there is so much stuff that is beyond my comprehension or I cant seem to find answer to (ie how do you know who plays top, mid, bottom? Wtf is adc? What is an efficient way to buy expensive weapons at earlier levels besides constantly picking off other enemies? I want to get better at finishing 1v1s in lane but im really bad at tower diving. When should I move up to real players? Etc)   Not that I really need coaching but mentoring or guidance. I notice a couple of little stuff on my own and I manage to pick up a few tips in game here and there, rarely off forums since most of the threads consist of rage topics or pro plays that are beyond my comprehension.
1	The disparity between top and bottom looks rather large at the moment in NA, and there's really only ~2 teams sitting in the gap (T8 and GV), both of which honestly look just fine, but not insane.  I'd say it's pretty clear cut at this point that WFX, DIG, Coast, and TL(Piglet Edition) are the worst teams in the NA LCS, even though TL still may make playoffs, thanks to Keith's wins.   I think it's very possible GV and T8 could also step up and open up a real discussion for the ranking among the top 6, but as of yet it's hard to tell, with games being Bo1 and mixed schedules.
1	An item that adds a small DoT to your spells. It could take X% of the base (or bonus) damage of your spells and apply it as a DoT over X seconds.   If it is just additional damage it may be OP, but if the item has +AP and then converts X% of your spell damage into an X second DoT I think that could be useful in some situations.   Illustration: LeBlanc - her Q does 100 damage. 50 Base and +50 from AP. She buys DoT item which coverts 25% of damage into a 6 second DoT. Result: Her Q does 75 immediate damage and then 25 damage over 6 seconds.   It would be a purely situational item and probably on the same level as Tiamat, but it would definitely be fun to play with. Especially if it stacked. XD
0	It depends on how low his blood-sugar was before he went into shock.   Very rarely does taking twice the dose of insulin send you into shock. Generally, what happens with too much insulin, you get cold sweats, trembling and shaking.   FUN FACT: I have seen people go into conscious diabetic shock at restaurants, malls, and bars. That's why I keep hard candy in my car. If I see someone going in to shock, I give them a few pieces of candy to raise their blood sugar!
1	Thanks. On a whim I tried one last time to get my original script to work before trying SavantCast. Turns out it wasn't working because I chose shift + q as the keybind. Apparently activating an item/spell and then shift clicking a target does nothing.
0	In Sheppard v. Maxwell, 384 U.S. 333 (1966), the Supreme Court ruled that the right to a public trial is not absolute   You're mis-citing this case, really really badly.   The case states that the  public's  right to know what's going on inside a trial is not absolute.  It does  not  say that a defendant doesn't have a right to a public (as opposed to secret) trial.   In the case you sought, there was  too much  publicity, and the defendant wanted there to be  less  publicity, since the mob mentality basically took over the entire town, including the jury.  So it was ruled that it didn't have a fair trial because of  too much  publicity.  The press and public didn't have an absolute right to a "public" trial.   This has nothing to do with a defendant whose trial the government is trying to make secret -- secret to him, secret to the public, secret to  everyone .
1	This is absolutely mocking EU players.   I mean, honestly, we don't give a fuck about compensation, we would just want the server to be stable and in case a problem happen, a loss prevented for our current game.   With this, I will now yell to have a compensation because I feel like they are really not giving a single fuck about the EU servers at all. I'm not the only player to have spent money on that game, a stable server is the least required to be thankful to your supporters but with this? How can you not be jealous? A free skin especially a rare skin like Silent Night Sona.
0	Having been on reddit and seeing a lot of this type of thing, I've learned to be nice to everybody. In general the only thing we are "entitled" to or "deserve" should be a quick death. So don't be an asshole to the person who works where you get your clothes, or serves your food.
1	He hit the nail on the head. A constantly missing eve is just too much stress. Squishies mid get boned so hard by her. If you're pushed up even a little (which, happens briefly from time to time even if you're being fairly conscious of NOT doing it), you better be prepared to get stunned+bursted down by both Eve and whoever else happens to be there (almost always a high DPS champ).   This is to say nothing of the problems she can present to the enemy jungler if she's in the right hands. Personally, I hate invisibility chars. I dislike stealth as a game mechanic in almost every video game I've ever played, from EVE Online, WoW, etc. I don't know why game developers seems to feel it's a necessary game mechanic. It feels like stealth chars are at any given point, totally crap, or way OP. It's an ability that's simply too easy to abuse.   They present such a challenge for the developers. Just eliminate the problem. Lots of people hate them anyway. Everyone who plays spy in TF2 is a homo.   "Why don't you just buy pink wards and or oracles?"   Because they're fucking expensive. Sometimes you obviously have no choice. However the fact is, if you spend too much buying pink wards at $150 a pop or oracles, you're going to be at a huge disadvantage versus every other player. All to simply achieve visibility for a single champ?
1	I Thought This Was Intentional? You Get Too Close To Thier Minions, The Current Minion Of Your's They Are Targeting Dies. Your The Closest So You Get Picked, And Untill You Leave Range Or Die They Don't Pick Another Target.
0	Actually, the lift provided by the shoe puts the calf int o flex, making it more shapely, and provides a lift to the buttocks, a more... evolutionary, sexual preference.
1	Use your range to your advantage. Throws out Q's as often as you can. Try not to worry too much about your manapool running dry, harassing is the most efficient way to spend your mana. Your range is immense, there is often no reason to run past the middle of the lane, making it a lot harder for the enemy jungler to gank you and for your lane opponent to harass you.   Against a lot of champions you can push the lane. Stay back as your minions give you vision of the enemy champion and spam your Q. You'll find that your opponents will have a harder time dodging. Do note that this is a lot more effective when you have a Blue Buff available. The ideal thing to do is to push the wave to the enemy tower, forcing your opponent to last hit under his tower and giving you some time to easily harass him/her. Your minions often get killed soon enough for the lane to reset to the middle again. Repeat this once or twice and you'll be able to force your opponent out of creep range while you can theoratically pick up every creep along the way.
0	I feel empathy I guess, but definitely not sympathy. I also recognize that those demographics aren't the norm. I don't apply this to races or sexes because it's normal to be different in that sense. And although lgbt rights is good, as are all human rights, things like that are up to states since they aren't outlined in the constitutional powers of the government. I wouldn't personally promote lgbt marriage or stuff like that because I disagree with it, but nor would I actively oppose it. New York and anywhere else that wants those issues settled can.
1	I replyed just in a post... I was away but i send you again my msg to you: 1) Jungle needs to be viable dmg espacially when you play udyr/shaco etc. this means you either gank and get a kill or you farm... 1a) When you play shaco get red buff and gank top/mid at lvl easy kill at this skill level 2) If you play jungle that doesnt mean you can have 20 cs in 20 mins... you need to farm do it by: a) jungling - yes it means kill creeps in your jungle and enemies if you can and you are aware off where the enemy is... take jungle timers on enemy buffs place wards at there red/blue and gank them b) helping top and mid... i mean when they need to go B and the lane is pushing to your turret go there and farm by last hitting NOT PUSHING but last hitting 3) 9k gold in a game is not the best score.... I play ranks mainly as support and my avg (lolbase.net) is 13.5k gold per game... You play jungle so you should have more gold then a support dont you agry?   Sorry for my other posts and the rage there... but your video quality is just bad and made me mad :)
1	Well from what I know there has not been any 100% confirmation that KR only gets three spots. Like we know they will get one more spot than other regions and most people seem to think that means 3 (others getting 2) but form looking over Leaguepedia and the Lolesports site there isn't any official information on the structure for Worlds.   It doesn't seem that far fetched that it could be China, NA, EU, and SEA get 3 teams and KR gets 4. That gives 16 teams - if its the other way (2 + 3 for KR) its a total of 11 teams which seems a little off.   As far as I know the only regions that can qualify for Worlds are those 5 since those are the only five official Riot leagues.   Also for KR specifically, MonteCristo said on stream that there will be a tournament after OGN Summer to decide the spots. His explanation was the #1 team in points will automatically qualify and after that the points will just determine seeding/BYE's for the Worlds Qualifier tourney. This may still be subject to change though
1	It was a joke, Skippy.  As was the original post that I'm getting downvoted so much for.
0	I used to live right in front of a pond with geese in it. One day two teenage girls started throwing sticks at the geese and they got yelled at for doing so. Eventually after ignoring the pissed off neighbor,  one of them got bit by a goose and got chased through water. They came back with their dad to the neighbor and tattled on him for yelking at them. Their excuse: "We were throwing sticks at them to help them build their homes." Neighbor got off scoff-free, and the teenage twats got bitched at by their dad, got grounded and cried when he took away their iPhones.
1	honestly i was at the pax west tournament and got to see jiji and those other guys play the germans for the championship. honestly i felt that individually they were only really average players. where they were strong was as a team, (ie sticking together, minimizing poor mismatches for themselves while putting the germans in a bad spot).  but even then there was nothing about any of those players that struck me as them being the best lol players what so ever, but maybe thats because i used to play alot of dota.
0	assigned seating is terrible, the movie starts after we paid extra for the special effect seats and there was a family of 4 that got pissed after we told them to move out of our seats. It was dark and we had to get a worker to help us and just a terrible experience.
1	She is decent. Her ganks are pretty good (knockup, stun, 2 gap closers) and she's fast enough while jungling. However, there's a small problem with her. If you fall behind (unsucessful ganks, counterjungled hard, wasted time on ganks without getting kills/assists) you will pretty much "suck". It will be hard to catch up and without the items you will be rather weak. Also, riven needs BT early to be effective. When you jungle, you get that BT so much later.
0	I too, work for a large company that has a large amount of in house software.
0	I live in South Central Los Angeles. It's as ghetto as you can get. The funny thing is I never had problems here. A few fights here and there but nothing to serious. It's definitely not as bad as people make it out to be. As soon I go to Suburbs or the nice parts of Los Angeles though, I feel really uncomfortable. It's just so boring. Maybe it's just because I was raised in a different environment, I don't know.
1	The important thing to notice when playing ranked is that you can just completely ignore divisions and LP, and then you are left with the old elo system. Match-making is completely based on MMR and has nothing to do with your division. You will be placed with people the same MMR as you and therefore, the same skill level (no matter what divisions the individuals are in). If you can keep a specific MMR, your division will line up with that rating over a period of games.
1	You're right, but the thing that makes dota more interesting when it comes to towers is the tower priority. I think league dives are safer for the diver because all it takes is a slightly weak lane and a minion wave to dive. The person being dived in dota can take the creeps behind the tower and sort of fend off dive easy.
0	Someone acting a certain way within 30 yards of you is only "shoving it in your face" because of your perception, and your obsession over how they act. Someone who is feminine or otherwise acting in a way you don't like who's talking to you is simply talking to you. You see it as "shoving it in your face"  because all you can see is their homosexuality, as if that's the sum of their character. However you and those like you don't like to think of yourselves as anything but infallible, so you of course blame  them  for defining themselves by their homosexuality, which builds a vicious cycle of you obsessing over their orientation and personality traits. Don't do onto others what you wouldn't want done onto you. Could you imagine if you were too straight acting for it to be socially acceptable to be in public? Do you think it would be just for you to have to put on the persona of a gay man to appease the nerves of the gay majority? That sounds pretty shitty doesn't it.
1	Why do people expect TSM to be professional when the whole reason why they are the most popular team is because of how they act and the fact that teenagers relate to them.   They don't even try to hide it, their attitude was on display all the time and people still act shocked every time something like this happens.   The strange part is that the respectful, mature streamers that act like the community  says  it wants pro-gamers to act, get 10 times lower viewership. Makes no sense.
1	do you know what a mechanic is ? i think no because a mechanic is the way the spell is displayed like magic or physical, apply damage time at the start of casting or at the end of duration etc etc ...   and you totally can compare them because both are vital (not enough mana = no dps, not enough life = not being able to dps)   so actually you have to tweak it the same way did you play lion on dota ? if you didnt you better stop the discussion :)
0	I do, too, but I just can't keep up anymore. I can't adjust my schedule around them or devote hours to making sure the rest of my class knows what they're doing. Also if I had to sit around and wait for someone who's vital to the raid and knows it, but chose to be 30 mins late,  again , I was gonna flip my shit.
0	So, first, more power to you. You are being successful, keep saying that. You might say you are 'trying' but you aren't: if you are tracking your points, you aren't 'trying', you are 'DOING', okay?   Second, please be careful to not deprive yourself. That is the way to fall off the wagon. If you want a sweet treat, go get it! Then, track it and figure out how little points you have left. It's okay to feel panicky and upset that you are going to have a tough time staying on target, what you are doing is training your brain to make choices, to understand the trade-off. Sure, you can eat a candy bar, but that means the dinner you had planned is too large now, so you have to cut some portions in half. When your tummy is grumbling at 10 pm, think to yourself "Was that candy bar worth it? Should I have cut it in half instead?"   Third: Go to the meetings. Men tend to use the e-tools, and that's cool, but go to the meetings. The correlation between ultimate success on the program and meeting attendance is extremely high, the topics are often quite useful and you may find a bro in the meeting and you guys can compare notes on what is working and what is tricky. You don't have to do this alone!   Fourth: You are negotiating TWO major life changes at once, please be aware of that! You are transitioning yourself to a new you, with a new relationship to food However, the wife is going through the same things, and physiology/psychology/our culture tends to make things a bit harder for the ladies. Your relationship to her is ALSO changing, it's not a bad thing but be aware its not static.   If I may suggest some do's and don'ts:  Don't nag her about tracking or compliance. Do lead by example.  Don't lie about food, to yourself or her! Do help bring home healthy snacks and smart choices to put on the counter and in the pantry. Don't whine about only have 49 points, when she has 32. Do sympathize when she has a tough day. Don't expect super-dramatic weight loss for either of you. Do embrace and celebrate your successes and hers! Don't miss out on this bonding opportunity. Do use this time to add other healthy ideas and habits to your lifestyle (karate, walking/hiking, tennis, whatev)   Wow, didn't mean to sound so preachy, but its rare there is a topic on reddit I can contribute to.
1	because Woad and Lord were release ready on his champion release. Leaving Bioforge the only skin to be made post release. Since Varus, the champion before darius, riot switched thier policy to 1 skin on release instead of 2. Annie has had a visual rework meaning every skin, all nine of them, had to be redone. Woad King was released MUCH later than his champion but the skin was actual in the files from day one, it was just shelved untill riot was ready for it. Champions that have been out longer have gotten less treatment, Like Volibear who is not very intensive visual, or graves who has gotten the same amount of attention.   Just because you don't like a skin dosent mean its poor quality like the thresh one which has one of the best recalls in the game IMO. Dat treasure chest.   also on the point of annie Reverse Annie was released a couple of months before Darius and panda shortly after his release. The age of her release has little bearing on the time shes been in the game and she is quite a bit harder to make skins for with more intense particle effects and a second model to skin for for every skin with tibbers.
0	Sorry but I don't think you can compare them.  The educational systems in Nordic countries, from what I understand, cannot be compared with those in the US.  Here the system puts a major emphasis on the teachers and sees them as the first line.  From my limited knowledge, the education systems in Nordic countries cater towards the students.
0	You miss this sound the same way mothers miss an infant's cries, and that is to say that you think you miss them, but when you hear this noise at 2am at great volume, you will regret wanting to hear it again.
0	I think the people who have replied thus far are simplifying it just a smidge, but sex is primarily about procreation and feeling good. If it wasn't meant to be something enjoyable, it wouldn't feel good. It's not something artificial like candy. It's something nearly everyone can enjoy.   Shame and fear and all this secretive bullcrap is tied to religion and modesty. I'm a Christian, so it's not like this is some atheist-bashing-religion, but a long time ago we were much more care free.   Watching porn is not cheating in any way, shape, or form. However, if you have agreed not to watch porn and then go ahead and do it, that's a violation of trust just the same. Trust is important in any relationship and to violate it is to undo everything you've done to get to that level of trust.   Some people don't like porn because it's gross. Some people don't like it because they think it should be a private affair. People who think it's cheating have deeper issues and they should explore that. You're not getting emotionally or physically invested with the people on the screen. It's literally no different than watching people play basketball on TV in that regard. You're not actually playing basketball. You're watching them.   It's voyuerism at best.
1	Because you made such a big deal about being addicted to it and overcoming it"   "It's a time waster and doesn't grow you as a person or spiritually"   "Nobody said he 'can't' play legends of whatever its called. It was the fact of omission to it being an addiction. No different than smoking, stealing, drinking, gambling, overeating. Would you still be encouraging him to continue in those activities? Anything taken to an extreme becomes a liability (...) anything can become a downfall. It's the time you give to it and letting it consume you."
1	In Draft mode, you have to respect the pick order. If you queue alone in Draft or play Draft at all and expect to play 1 role regardless of what the team says/does, you're a troll.   If the lane you demand has been picked, then pick another, still picking the role because you called it, is report-able in my opinion.   In Blind pick, typically who ever calls it first, gets it, however I think people who say "MID" and hover over a Champion but don't lock in, are morons. If you want mid and don't lock in, yet someone else locks in and you still pick that Champion, you're a troll. Just because you hover a Champion, still leaves a chance for you to change your mind.
0	I am both a meat-eater and pro-choice atheist/agnostic, but philosophically this area of the "don't force your belief on others" really disturbs me.   Imagine some science fiction story, where the normal main character is transported to a small society in which many of the people think it's okay to commit murder.  I'm not talking about Logan's Run type scenarios where people are expected to surrender their own life in certain conditions - victims are still horrified and want to live/escape/fight back.  Just our usual societal assumption that murder is awful has been absent from these people.   Now our "hero" arrives in this society, and after learning how they operate, shrugs and lets them go on killing each other without even speaking up to disagree.  Are you really cheering, saying "way to go dude, don't force your beliefs on anyone!"   Back to reality. I get that you disagree with their belief, but if they  have  that belief (abortion is murder, eating meat is murder, etc.) then isn't the real "good guy/girl" thing "try to stop these horrible murders from being committed" ?
1	Great move by Riot picking him up, shows they understand their weaknesses and actually try to fix them.   There really wasnt  any other caster so far apart from Jatt that actually knows how the game works. We 've had energetic and funny casters, but no casters with many hours spent playing league. And it actually shows. Just compare any game with a game where Jatt casts and you shall easily realise the huuuge gap between him and all the other casters concerning itemization, strategies and generally game analysis.
1	OP you do realize that pre season doesn't matter right? Placements is what matters and they're basically 90% luck.   I played in S3 as soon as I got lvl 30 was lucky in placements and a total shit player still got placed in s4. When s4 started I was decent still got placed in b5 due to the most horrible players I had seen in 1k ranked games. After that I climbed a tier every 10 wins all season. I was most definitely not placed where I belonged and pre season did not make any difference at all.
1	in my last game I had a teemo and a lulu on my team.  they were in the same lane, teemo was hitting on lulu and I'm pretty sure shit went down back at base at one point.
1	Adding to the other comment, it was Alliance's bot lane that snowballed Wukong and the lack of vision control.   Whenever Wukong went bot, Leona would get hooked. In the turret dive, Wukong walked from river brush near mid in ALliance's jungle past the tribrush bot and wasn't spotted since Alliance had NO VISION IN THAT WHOLE PATH. On the other hand, SHC had their jungle and river warded at all time making it impossible for SHook to find something meaningful and just focused on counter jungling.   And after the turret dive by SHC, things went south for Alliance. Froggen rotated bot while both Wukong and Gragas went top to help Lissandra and instead of a successful gank, it resulted in a 2 for 0 for SHC since by going bot Froggen gave away any pressure All had on the top side.   Granted Lee could have gone top earlier even though I am not entirely sure if they could kill Lissandra even 2v1 since the escape, the snare and the ulti are good tools against the very soft cc Trundle and Lee have.
1	Things I took from this post:     If you're using your smurf for ranked, it's your fault you don't have the champs you want to use. Go play on your main if you want them.     Report someone as Unskilled Player if they use a new champ in ranked and fail. That's what it's there for.       They took out the F2P champs from ranked because it's supposed to be you playing at your best against others playing at their best. If you have someone who joins a ranked que and suddenly thinks "I bet Malzahar is fun" but has never touched him, it takes that completely away. With F2P gone, it guides the more "distracted" players from those decisions and forces them to take a champ they've at least played before.
1	Everyone is going to punish for that, even if the person actually didn't feed on purpose. I had a game earlier today where I went 7/11/6 as Vayne, my support didn't do much better death wise. We got our asses kicked by a Thresh and Caitlyn, whom after the game when our team was yelling "Report bot", calmly said that we were just outplayed, and there really wasn't much we could have done after fb.   I'd really wish post-game chat would become part of tribunal cases, as in 90% of cases like the one I had, there is really no way to tell if I'm feeding on purpose, or just getting outplayed.
0	I lived on the East Coast for awhile, but was from Oregon.  People on the East Coast pronounce Oregon as "Or A Gone."  That's wrong, its more like "or e gun" (many bumper stickers that say Orygun).   As an Oregonian, its a big pet peeve.  So, when New Yorkers would mispronounce Oregon, I'd pronounce New York like Newark.  Got my point across.
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are your balls?
0	Yeah, atheist.  And also people who hate /r/atheism. (I hate /r/atheism)   There isn't a scumbag native american yet.  Yet, I wouldn't think people hated native americans if there was a meme about the stereotypical indian who smokes cigarettes and drinks a lot.  South park made fun of native americans, does that mean they hate me?  No, it's hilarious because the native americans where kicking people out of their homes to build a casino.  That's hilarious.  I wouldn't be surprised if it happened in real life.  I would still laugh.  Yet I would still condemn the people forcing others out of their homes.   My friends make fun of me because i'm red all the time, yet I know it's just a joke and they don't mean it.  I'm not offended unless they actually mean it, in which case I strike back.   Again, if someone meant the words they were saying when they called out my intelligence for being atheist, I would cast them into the sauce of spaghetti hell.   I really hope people see what i'm trying to say.  I seem to be rambling a lot.   Here is a
0	It's convenient for the person asking, sure. But I'd argue all the negatives you listed are basically part of the game: it'd be nice to walk into a bar and know exactly who's interested in you and who's not but it just doesn't work that way. You don't know whether the person is interested in you the same way that the person doesn't know anything about you besides whatever interaction you had with them (which has left you with a # and questioning how sincere they were being). Like I said before, and I know it's unfortunate but,: offending normal people who would prefer being turned down (and so be more likely to get over it) is better for the individual-being-asked than offending the (hopefully uncommon) person that will react like a dick/looney-tune.
1	in my opinion; The thing about Zed and specially his Ult is that its very gimmicky, like he needs to be in a certain situation or "setup" if you would like. where he is so dependent on so few things to make him strong. the prime example of that is your
0	Actually funny enough this worked for my brother, but in reverse. His senior year of high school a girl rear ended him and they ended up dating and shmeeshing (fucking) most of that year before graduating.
1	There's also carrying potential in supports. I main support, and in previous seasons, I couldn't carry, because good vision and good engage/peel doesn't win a match when your adc is trying to kill their carries in teamfights. Now in season 4, I can play Annie or Lissandra and build ability power and be able to carry. Consider that they may be trying to climb out of bronze/silver/whatever, and because they are a support main, they need to take some damage into their own hands. Just because they are a "support" does not mean they are supposed to be ward bots that stacks defensive stats. I often have more gold than our jungler (and sometimes our top laner) and a better kda than our adc, and it benefits our whole team because I build offensive items that create 5 threats on the board instead of 4.
0	I was at my local pizzeria eating lunch one day and a woman walked in and asked to talk to the manager. The cashier complies and brings him, he's a surly Eastern European gent and fantastically angry most of the time.   She hands him an envelope which causes his face to contort in a manner of confusion I don't usually get to witness. She exclaims with a false happiness usually reserved for infomercials,"Don't you remember me? I come every year! For our annual church gathering, you always donate a few pizzas". The guy then proceeds to tear into this lady for a solid 6 minutes about how they never send business his way, no one from the church comes to eat there, and they only ever show up for free shit.   He ends up giving in a little and gives her a medium cheese for free, but she payed for it out of the chunk of ass he bit off.
1	I won't be a dickhead, but why Riot should optimize the client for Mac? You know, this type of pc it's not adapt for videogames. And it's not like the issues with low-hardware pc,  cause a Mac cost pretty much, and with the same price of it, you can also buy a Win pc that can run all videogames without issues. Mac it's not adapt for videogames, you should think twice before buy it... also, i'm not an Apple hater, but like 4 years ago, I bought a laptop (330€, if I remember correctly), and before it, the shop assistant told me about this, that games can maybe have issues (the laptop was Asus, not a Mac). Mac have the same problems, they have a nice softwares on it, but for other jobs, like graphics!
0	Counterpoint hypothetical here:   Let's start with saying this law is enacted. Girls who falsely accuse of rape receive jail time/a fine/time in the corner wearing a dunce cap. So let's say an underage girl has (actually) been raped. She accuses her rapist, but doesn't have any tangible evidence it happened. It is now her word vs his.   So what happens? It goes to court of course. But while he's on trial, he starts a counter-case against  her . She tried to protect other women from further rapes, but now  she  is stuck trying to defend herself. Already physically violated, she is now at risk of losing her reputation and her freedom as well.   She may very well win this case. After all, she's innocent. But this is the same court system that already makes mistakes. Those mistakes are why we're proposing this law in the first place.   So that's kind of where we end up: This law only works if it is never brought up fraudulently. Our justice system is not made of magic. It makes mistakes. You can't fix a problem created by some of those mistakes with a solution that relies upon exactly the same system.
1	Not to sound like a dick or anything but I find doublelift awful. He makes you look bad sometimes (no responses) or just says one sentence responses while showing an annoying grin and cocky attitude. I realize this will probably get downvoted but idk if I can take it anymore
1	Funny how easy it is to call people "idiots" for utilizing slang. Yes, I am aware that Mark Twain was famous for his depictions of the vernacular but that's exactly the point - language is not created by rulebooks and dictionaries. Rulebooks and dictionaries are created from the language. That which is spoken often enough will eventually become incorporated into the formal rules of a language. Hence, contractions such as can't, along with other words such as bus and pants that originally began in the vernacular over time have become incorporated into "proper" English grammar and diction. The point was that the author of that particular post doesn't merit any criticism for using a perfectly acceptable, albeit slightly archaic, variation of a word.  That being said, this is the wrong subreddit for discussing this kind of matter in the first place and we're way off topic so I say we let it go.
1	if u are toxic to the community then fuck you, im happy they take all the money u spent in the game and keep it as a punishment for beign an asshole, if u get banned then you have no right to complain about anything since you are the MAIN problem of the community
1	The obvious alternative is Last Whisper so I guess comparing the two is the best way to go about things.   Black Cleaver   PROS:     More Bonus AD   Bonus AS   Arguably synergises with other 'on-hit' effects (MF's W, Vayne's W, Kog's W, etc.)   Applies a debuff which helps the team (assuming you have other ad champions, which is pretty common)   *Can** have more of an effect on Champions >90 Armor. (Other AD Carries, AP Carries, Supports, -some- Junglers etc.)      (*) Depends on the time you spend hitting said champion.   CONS:     Doesn't affect abilities unless you hit them first.   Doesn't help against most tanky champions (even if you apply the 3 stacks)   Doesn't apply an immediate debuff   More expensive   Often comes in towards the later part of the game, thus making it harder to attain the initial 1650g.     MY CONCLUSION:   Keeping in mind this is the thoughts of a 1300s player and is strictly opinion, you're much more likely to get something useful out of Scarra or an actual professional AD Carry.   I personally like Black Cleaver over Last Whisper on a lot of champions, mainly because if you rush it early game you can shred their armor down sometimes into the negatives and deal  true damage.  If you manage this in laning phase it's actually pretty devastating from what I've seen.   I  think  that qtpie rushes it on Corki to 'stack' with Corki's armor ignoring passive as well as his e. If you use this item in conjunction with a Taric you shred even more armor off a specifc target.   I think the popularity of last whisper is based off the notion that in most cases ability damage is important (and thus needs inherent/passive armor penetration) and that in most cases the bruiser/initiator will dive in and become the prime target for the AD carry due to their proximity. Bruisers  typically  have 90+ Armor so it makes more sense for the AD carry to be packing a more efficient item.   My counter-argument however is that the damage from Black Cleaver, and the debuff armor shred is useful not just to the AD carry but to the entire team, and if you for example happen to be running a Kog'Maw (one of the more popular AD carries), often times you will be able to snipe down one of the opposing damage dealers (who has less armor). A lot of people focus on wota stacking, but I think that BC would have a better place in the game if teams tried compositions where the AD champions would focus the same opposing champion and make a more efficient use of the armor penetration debuff.   There are off course counterarguments upon counter arguments against this. I'm sure that the first two shots of a BC AD carry are most likely inefficient against most target in comparison to a LW AD carry, and another popular AD carry, Graves, is an example of one who relies heavily on his abilities. In his situation, having the passive or innate armor penetration greatly aids his skillset.   All in all. I'm rambling.
1	Realistically, no. He might be tier two for a kill type lane, but I don't think he's top tier for a few reasons. One being if the opposing laner has another stronger kill lane support (In other words, any other kill lane support such as Naut, Taric, Ali, or Leona), they will definitely beat the blitz lane. Either Blitz pulls the support and gets immediately engaged on (Because Blitz simply isn't as strong as the other supports so why not engage), or he pulls the carry, and then gets immediately engaged on by the support and dies. The only thing blitz has more of than the other kill lane supports (That I can tell from pure observation) is that he has more burst at level 6. So if you had a heavy burst lane such as corki - blitz it might be really good. But I've never played that lane so idk   As far as out of lane is concerned, yes he is good, but I don't think he's as good as any other kill lane support. All the other supports that I listed before have a cc ability that can allow your team to pick that person that is not on a skill shot, which is just more reliable than trying to land a hook. That's not to say if he doesn't land a hook it's not godly and can't win you the game because it most certainly can. It's just that I think other comparable supports are much safer picks than him, and do close to the same thing   Jungle invades with him are gooood though. One pick and it's first blood and free buffs
0	A couple months ago my ex-boyfriend and I were going through a particularly bad patch. We had been living together, and this was a week before I was set to move out, so the status of the relationship was really difficult. I had been convince for weeks that he was cheating on me.  There were many ways in which he was acting off towards me, but the number one was that he didn't want to have sex anymore... And this is coming from a guy who usually couldn't keep his hands off of me, so I figured something had to be up.   So one particularly normal day (I had been in a great mood), my computer died. So I was on his trying to figure out what the hell was wrong with my laptop, browse reddit, shit like that. We had been trying to sell our couch, so I checked to see when the girl would be coming to look for it. Only. It was in his email. Well, morbid curiosity kicked in, and low and behold, I looked through his email only to find that he had been replying to CL personals in rather graphic detail....   I of course flipped out as soon as I saw it, confronted him as soon as he walked through the door, etc. He turned it around on me, called me crazy, called me a shitty friend, told me that we hadn't been together for weeks. But he also said he never did anything. He SWEARS he never did anything. To this day I'm still not 100% that I believe that. We've since been talking and trying to fix our friendship, and he really feels like he fucked it up with me and wants to fix whatever he can....   Prostitution is a whole different ball game, but you shouldn't hate yourself. I hated myself for looking through his email. If I hadn't looked, maybe everything could have been fine, right? Sometimes people do things that throw up red flags and, as humans are curious creatures, we look. Had there been nothing to find in him email, he never would have cared that I looked. In a few days, talk to her. Give your self time to cool down. This is a Big Deal. You are not an asshole. She was doing something wrong, and you do at least deserve an explanation. Just breathe deep and work through it.   As awful as I felt, he was still doing something wrong. He can claim it was harmless all he wanted, but telling another woman what he would do to her was not okay. I bring that up sometimes. How can I trust him ever again. I don't know if I can, but talking helps. Just stay calm. Breathe a little. Don't talk to her for a few days and make plans to talk it out. Like I said, get that explanation. Get yourself tested and just try to go about your day normally. Its a shit situation, but it will get better.
0	Very eloquent. I don't really have time for this but i'll throw a few things our there.   Because were not 5 years old I do understand connotations so I appreciate this and will respond in kind: >  People, especially fucking redditors   And i'll add to your premise that redditors like black and white and have a hard time grasping complex subjects because of this. It's not as easy as do or don't raise minimum wage. I do believe it should be increased but $15 is too high all at once.   > if minimum wage goes up, so do all the damn prices of everything else   This is true. But because "redditors" have not been paying attention the prices on "things" have gone up regardless of minimum wage going up.  In fact things have gotten more expensive. [Heres the government inflation calculator]( for 1968 to 2012 which is the most recent data. $100 then would be $671 today.   But they do increase minimum wage right? They sure do! But adjusted for inflation [Bloomberg]( reports that we actually make  LESS  now then we did in 1968.   > people have been living under the "standard of living" since our creation   True! However "redditors" are not looking at the big picture. Yes people have been living under poverty threshold since the beginning of time but not by this margin. Rome is a good example of successful societies that are still around and used the caste system to separate the rich from the poor so i'm glad you mentioned them. And pre industrial Europe, don't get me started on pre industrial Europe work conditions they were so great that we didn't have to pass any regulations to make grave changes at all. [Heres the problem]( we have 1% of the American population holding the same amount of money as 95% of Americans. Thats great for them but the gap in income creates a scenario where prices go up but minimum wage does not.   Alright I don't have time right now to condescend to your ideals right now but heres my bottom line, wrong or not:
1	Ok so I've been here for about 5 minutes trying to word this in my head. Lets say you're in Silver II and your MMR is around Gold I/ Plat, so you are playing against people of your skill level while trying to get up to their division, then you hit your promos all of a sudden you're in a game with Silver I players, they have MMR around Silver I they are at their cap, all of a sudden they are playing a game against a Plat and lose horribly, since they're at their skillcap anyone passing through is gonna be likely to get them in their promos so now these Silver I players are being punished for being Silver I.
1	The whole 'counter this champ omg' just because champselect says so is just BS.   Every blitz I've encoutered in bronze sucked hard just because they picked him because he wasn't banned for once.   Just play the champ you are most comfortable with, also if you are getting hard countered, stick to your turret and just farm and wait for the jungler to come by and not (like 70% of bronze) go back to your lane after death and still try to beat them over and over(and then blame the  any random teammate  or the counterpick).
1	AS a LoL player since beta and recently active Redditor, i would say the most exciting information/videos i have come across are not the cookie cutter recap videos about what happened each match or each week but the best videos are the ones that get into the players heads explain their thought process in scenarios and just let the community see what its like inside the heads of the pros. Also the recent videos LCS has done, the one with ClakeyD and NickWu, team Curse and Cloud9 letting the viewers get a glimpse of the lives of the pros are great and always popular.
1	Hm, when I first started my friends recommended Morgana. I played dota / hon for maybe 10 years but regardless they said landing skill shots would be my downfall. And most agreed that landing Morg's snare is one of the harder ones to land effectively. Not having flash available took away my crutch for landing ult as well. (And a low ip hero to pick up early).
1	What makes you so sur that  you  know what you are typing and do you expect us to beleive it just because you express it with a ridiculous rage ?
1	You need professional help dude. You get to sit on your ass all day long in your early twenties and make more money than most of us will make our entire lives playing a VIDEO GAME. You will never know what the real world is like, because you have a few brain cells that make your reaction time better than most of the world. AND THAT'S FINE, but you need to stop acting like an entitled asshole about it all. You should APPRECIATE the fans that pay your fucking bills. You shouldn't look down on anyone that you play with that isn't a member of TSM and might not be as good as you. Do you know how many people would kill to be in your position? The majority of time you act like it's really wearing on you to have to play a video game all day to earn a living. I don't know how a person so young can act so entitled, without feeling the need to give back to the ones that pay his bills for him. We didn't ask you to be a video game hero, you chose to be. The least you could do is have the SLIGHTEST bit of professionalism, and the SLIGHTEST bit of appreciation for your fans.
1	Wait until you have enough runes to play your favorite position and your champions of choice (at least one form each role). I see a lot of comments telling you play a lot of normals to learn about the game which I think is a poor choice. Chances are if you start when I told you to you'll be placed in bronze, but that's ok. You will learn faster playing ranked then you will in normal games since people don't try hard in normals. In ranked everyone tries their best, so your games will teach you more.   By waiting to play until you have around 1000 normals tells me you value your starting rank more than the learning experience of playing. If you just play to get a higher rank you won't get very far. If you think critically about your play, the ranking will come.
0	You may be suffering from intentional blindness and or brainwashing.   Our subconscious manipulates our perceptions of the world around us in order to keep us sane.   I've had hundreds, maybe thousands of conversations with friends and family over the last decade. They almost always follow the same pattern:   Them: What's the big deal? I've got nothing to hide.  Me: So you won't mind if I post your bachelor party pics to my Facebook page? Them: Dude, that's not even funny. How are those 2 things even related? Me: Seriously? Dude, you lack imagination. I'm using iCloud, the feds probably already have access to them.  Them: Wear a tin-foil-hat much? Besides, the government would never do that, that's horrible.  Me: Dude, you need to read the news more often. They're already spying on reporters and threatening them with jail-time if they run a story they don't like. They already have access to your phone call information. They probably have a Windows backdoor to access your laptop.  Them: You're nuts. They would never do that. That's Orwellian.  Me: (Forwards front page of Guardian) Them: Well, they must have a good reason.  Me: Dude. 30 seconds ago it was Orwellian, now they must have a good reason. Make up your fucking mind.  Them: Whatever dude. What does this have to do with my bachelor party pics? Me: How comfortable would you feel marching in a protest, knowing that your pics could be used to blackmail you? Them: Nobody gives a shit if I march in a protest.  Me: Good point. What if you were a reporter? Or a full-time protester? What if people DID give shit what you thought? Them: I guess that might be bad.  Me: What if things got as bad here as they are in Turkey? Egypt? Syria? Them: That could never happen.  Me: Dude, you need to read a history book. It happens all the fucking time.   The arguments are always circular and they are always moving the goal-posts.   Why? Because they don't WANT to know. Not really. They just want to feel safe. And they're brainwashed into being afraid of the boogie man. Terrorists, herp derp. You're a million times more likely to die in a traffic accident on your way to the airport, or to get hit by lightening, but we still let the TSA grab our junk every time we fly.   Do yourself a favor and read some books on Revolutions. The October Revolution in Russia is pretty interesting, as is the French Revolution. Even better, read about our own damned revolution. Read the Declaration of Independence. Dudes were righteously pissed off at King George II. For the same type of shit our government is trying to pull on us now!   Anyways, I'm rambling. Good luck.
0	That's pretty normal. I'm active in what you might call the 'alternative sexuality' subculture and wanting to be friends with who you fuck is a non-gendered recurrent theme.   I also wouldn't listen to others saying that "You're a girl, therefore it should be easy!" No one else can tell you what your experience is like, you happen to be the world expert on knowing what it's like to be you, after all! :P   All I'm saying is if it's tricky for you, don't let others invalidate your struggles simply because they can't believe it.   And you're not alone! I have a female friend who subconsciously avoided sex for over a decade. She woke up one day, realised what she'd unintentionally done and decided to make a conscious change.   Now she works as a prostitute and gets all the sex she wants without having to stress about whether or not someone is actually flirting with her or just being nice! :D
1	We're setting the new standard for legendary skins.   Now, magnificent twisted fate and friends aren't the only out-of-date legendary skins. Ezreal will be the  only  champion with a  real  legendary skin. And from now on, the legendary skins will cost 3250.   We're not going back and fixing the past "legendary" skins.   Meanwhile, there won't be any problem with Riot keeping MTF at 1820, because, whatever, it's not even the legendary price point. People who bought him thinking, "this is it. This is the premier TF skin," well, they were wrong. It frankly isn't worth 975 by modern skin standards.   And we have 975 skins that barely hit the threshold for a 520 rp skin. And we have champions who don't have any skins that really hit that 975 value mark. They're retiring a lot of skins, and that works for the global increase in quality, but pushes forward the global increase in prices even faster. PFE costs 3250? Well, shit, there are champs who don't have skins worth a sixth of that.   This only contributes to skin inequality.   Who is going to get the love, going forward from here? Teemo will get some. Kennen will get some. Cho'Gath will get some -- even though, by the old standard, gentleman Cho'Gath was the nicest skin you could ever want for your champion, it is now second-tier, so he needs a new one, and it won't be too hard for Riot to come up with it. But... Champions like Cass, who have gone without for so long, and who Riot can't seem to come up with anything for... If they get a 3250, it'll be the only skin they do get.   And if you haven't noticed, there are some champions who don't have 520 RP skins anymore. Quite a few, actually. Some skins suck. Some champions, like Teemo, have tons of nice middle-of-the-line skins. Some champions, like Ez, have one nice one. And some, like Twisted Fate, it seems, will always have a wide variety of underwhelming skins, half of which are overpriced.
1	This deserve to be seen, i don't understand polish, but just your
1	For last hitting you can take two approaches:     Choose the champs you play the most and go into a custom game and just last hit for 10 minutes (game time).  This will kind of adjust your muscle memory.     Pick a terrible auto attack champ (Karthus or Anivia) and practice auto attacking.  This give you worst case scenario and is more of a general help.       The other two points you bring up (skill shots and decision making) are a bit arbitrary.  You have to remember that most pros (source was from scarra) have played a LOT of games (thousands).  It's experience that helps them with their decision making.  Think of how many long drawn out games clg.Eu has played.  They probably have the most tournament experience with 50+ minute games and that gives them the edge if the situation arises again.   Skill shots are similar to last hitting but are even more muscle memory intensive in a way.  There's figuring out what a player will do based on movement (think body language), remembering the speed of your skill shot (ex: Janna tornado vs Lee Sin Q) and your own reaction time.
1	Here is when you can justify promote... if you know your team is coordinated enough to exploit an advantage of forcing a one player on their team to another lane for about 15 seconds tops...   CLG can use this and they can be very good with it because if they force someone to clear another lane or lose a tower, it gives CLG about 30 seconds total (with travel time) to push 4v5, now in soloque with 5 people, usually thats still not even enough to just outright win, especially if you arn't coordinated.   Its not that you can't ever take promote. Its that in soloque, taking promote is saying "my team is good enough and coordinated enough to exploit a very brief period where we can force a 4v5." or... "Their team is dumb enough that I can promote a cannon minion and take a tower for a summoner spell."   I think in general, most people wouldn't say their teams are coordinated enough to do that in solo que.   In reality its not a bad summoner for competitive play. It is however an early game summoner, it allows for interesting early game strategies, but falls off super super hard late game compared to exhaust (which I think is fair to compare promote to on a support)   I do actually think that promote is a VERY good summoner in the low elo  - 1200 range. I find that in that range people tend to view lanes as "its your lane not mine." Until about 20 minutes. If you took like nunu + graves / corki / ez / sivir (or sona with any of those four as well) and with promote, you can take early and even get to inner tower, and with that you can also take such hard dragon control that through bot lane you can carry super super hard.
0	but most women are far more picky about partners.   Source?   > That's pretty crazy. that means only 1 in 5 dudes has a shot if she thinks she is worth an average guy   Source?   > And most people don't want to settle for average. They want hot.   Source?   >
0	You said something else and deleted your comment. I wrote this shit and cant post it now. You made a distinction between race and heritage that I enjoyed. ( As for this post, I does make some sense. Black people were discriminated based on color and therefore all heritages share that common bond. I still think they shouldn't celebrate ethnicity alone though, their common struggles should be celebrated along with their heritage rather than their ethnicity. )   I agree with you. You accurately describe the difference between race and heritage that more people should see.   OP isn't exactly wrong. S/he is saying white people aren't allowed to be proud of being white but other ethnicities are allowed to celebrate it. "Hispanic heritage month. Black History Month.  Asian Week.  "   The way these celebratory months are described are wrong and I think you'd agree. They do encourage ethnic pride, which is stupid. Why be proud of your ethnicity? Most people on this thread agree, "you should not feel proud of being born in a particular location. You had no say in it."
0	I had a 7:30am organic chemistry lecture. The University's weather policy was to issue a decision by 8am. So I always had to gamble on whether or not the entire campus would be closed.   Fortunately my professor was a badass. He once propped the chemistry building's door open with a fire extinguisher because security had disabled everyone's access during the blizzard. Couldn't have been more than 10 people on the whole campus, but our lectures went ahead.
1	I just did my placements and went from around silver 2ish to bronze 3 my last game was the worst i experienced i was mid ahri and ngl i was doing pretty well. I roam bot jinx starts saying I'm shit for roaming bot. Jinx does end up being quiet after saying she would afk (she didn't). Gragas went jungle and was feeding the whole game around a death every 2 mins, que mundo saying he is going afk he did and just sat outside pool spamming chat, which gragas did as well.
0	I noticed that you've only been on reddit for 25 days but this is a repost and we must make an example of you. By redditquette, you will be charged in the full extent of the law. You will not receive a trial and will have to pay your dignity.
1	The skill cap is tough to determine, and I agree, if there isn't deny, then often there is harassing occurring.  That being said, since there is a limit to what can be done by the game, identifying which is most important at which point in time is a level of skill that is absent when deny is absent.  I actually liked early level laning in dota, since I had to compete against someone else for every CS and every deny- sometimes I got stomped and it was frustrating, but the more someone focuses on those denies, the less they focus on themselves staying alive.  Which was unforgiving, since the CC in that game was about twice as long, depending, and impossible to cleanse / flash / ghost / exhaust to get away unless you have that as an ability.   I think that it is impossible to have a truly offensive laning presence with so many ways to escape, which makes the lack of denying only due to the last reason they gave in the write-up: "Killing your own guys is weird".
1	But, can Sejuani gank effectively without her ultimate?   The answer is most probably no, and even if it's yes, it's not as strong as Nautilus. The problem with Sejuani is that she's very ult reliant, where as Nautilus isn't.   Sure, Sejuani can be a strong champion if played well, any champion is. Even the pre-rework Evelynn was super strong in the right hands.   However, Nautilus is still a more reliable pick than Sejuani is.
0	A brief overview of my life:   Born to alcoholic/drug addict parents. Had to raise my younger brother for the first 3 years by myself (I'm only 2 years older), wait on my mother, obey her drunken whims, and clean up after her, until I was five and she cleaned up then divorced my extremely abusive (towards us) pedophile father. She still took us to our grandfather's house (his dad), also a baby-raper, and left us there for days or weeks at a time - the entire family knew what he was and didn't care. Mother devoted herself to AA/NA and ignored her children completely, allowing numerous other unsavory people to do whatever they wanted in her absence. Mother remarried twice, and following the second marriage took off to another state with her new hubby and left me, 15 yrs old, behind with nothing. Within two years, I helped bring my younger brother back because of the suicidal desire the abuse he suffered at new hubby's hands had caused.   We were underfed, poorly clothed, and taught that all of this was completely normal. Once we realized that being covered in bruises and left bleeding or unconscious wasn't normal, we couldn't say anything out of fear - if we told other people, everyone would tell them we were lying, and since my grandparents etc were prominent and respected members of the church (a VERY small town!) everyone said he couldn't have done it because things 'like that' don't happen in good little towns like we grew up in. Even when police were notified, nothing happened, except severe punishment for us after the briefest of inquiries were done.   I have been on my own for over a decade now, and I still have severe problems with PTSD, scars, and other issues that this caused. I am reasonably successful as an adult though, because I worked hard to not let my past ruin my future and I refuse to become anything like my parents. My siblings are the same way. It has not been easy, but we were all fighters, and we don't quit.
1	First of all: How many games have you played? Sometimes people complain even though they have only played a couple of games.   Secondly, are you sure you're winning the lane everytime? You said "often" but this can honestly mean anything. The perception of humans can sometimes be heavily biased. Not trying to accuse you of anything, just keep this in mind.   Now, if you truly want to become better, asking on this subreddit wont help you much. Your question can simply be answered with: "get objectives" but you wont learn anything new out of it.   If you TRULY want to become a better player and aim towards higher ranks, the only thing you can do is observe yourself and how you play. Realize what you're doing wrong and what this little thing is that keeps you from winning more games. There is no gain without effort.
1	I think one of the big differences I've noticed between pro-streams and my Elo is that the streamers continue farming lanes throughout the entire game. Nasus's built-in mechanics get mediocre players to continue farming more than they would with other champs.
0	When I take my shoes off I feel too relaxed and nothing gets done around here (currently working from home) so it's essentially the same reason I don't spend the day in pyjamas.
0	Agreed. 3 years ago I asked a girl I was getting to know, what she would like to do for our next date. I told her "Its your world, I'm just a squirrel..." and with zero delay in response she fires back, "...trying to get a nut, to move your butt!" finishing a lyric from that timeless C&C Music Factory classic, "Everybody Dance Now." We've been married for almost 2 years now.   EXTRA POINTLESS FACT: Our daughter is the baby who wakes up to Gangnam Style...I just thought it was interesting how the trend of knowing over-played pop music dance songs has been passed on to our kid in a weird way...
1	While good is a word that is entirely subjective, it's still dishonest to suggest that a Gold IV player is objectively good at the game. Sure, you are better than X percent but if X percent is so fucking horribly bad that you just want to kill yourself when ur watching the games or you laugh uncontrollably hard then I dont know if being a bit better than some shitters is something to be proud of.   There are people who consider the entire western soloq bad (if you remove the pro players). I'm one of them. I'm also d1 and dont consider myself good, I know im top percentage but I dont care that Im better than really really really bad players. I'm just slightly less bad.
1	The 'he' was a 'she' in this case. There was no joking around, this streamer has a history for doing this kind of thing. Certainly not a joke, and the other guy acknowledged that at points. It's rather more obvious for me, because I watched it for that amount of time to make sure.   And this works both ways. The comments on this stream were horrendous to the person, and the donations were short, tied with messages telling her to suicide. It was just one negative frenzy, and I don't understand how that is good for anyone involved
1	Singed is as strong as he ever was, people have just gotten better at beating him in the laning phase, and some of his counters like Kennen and Vlad have reached an all time high in popularity. If he makes it out of laning phase with good farm he is a complete menace, but his early game is a tad rough.   Top lane is just about the only lane he really excels in (he can jungle but he isn't exactly top tier) and it's just so damn unforgiving.   He is a situational pick, you just need to know when to play him.
0	Hi, A bit of unsolicited advice from a man who was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 9, in 1984, and just finished a Masters degree this year.  I really don't believe that boys should be medicated before the age of 9 or 10 in any case, because males in particular tend to be kinetic learners. So I think that you not medicating your son until the age of 9 has been a good step.   A word about medication (note: I am neither a doctor, or biochemist, so this might not be 100% exact.)  Most of the common ADHD Medication are a class calledDopamine uptake inhibitors. (Ritalin, Concerta, and Adderall)  They work by preventing your body from reabsorbing extracellular dopamine by boding to the receptors.  Dopamine is needed by neurones in order to fire, and they cannot fire when there is no extra cellular Dopamine.  So these drugs work to stimulate brain activity, which seems counter intuitive.   I think the best description of ADHD is "leaky brakes"  This is to say your son, knows what he should do, wants to do it, but he can't quite put the brakes on his brain to do what he should.  This is where Meds come in.  By using a stimulant, the inhibitory parts of the brain, are strengthened.  To continue with the analogy, there is more break fluid in the brakes.  In these situations where you need will power, Meds are wonderful. Awesome. Amazeballs! etc.   But inhibitory processes are only part of what your son faces.  The other part deals with executive function.  This is where the horsepower in his brain is transferred into toque for his mental wheels.  This is where coping strategies are essential.  No amount of current medication can help with this.  This is where he needs to find what works for him.   I have one rule when it comes to ADHD.  I call it "Anyway you can."  Your son will face challenges, and both you and he need to know, that trying harder does not work.  He needs to try different.  There are very few set in stone rules that work here, you and he need to try differently.  If he has trouble getting ready in the morning, make sure he has a short list. (prioritizing is part of executive function) if he can't sit and do math homework, let him do three minutes of math and two minutes of moving.  (Standing stools work better for me than chairs so I can fidget.)  Try different things with him and see what sticks.  If meds work, use them, if exercise works, do it (exercise releases extracellular dopamine)  and while it might be natural to focus on areas of weakness, help him find and excel in areas he has strengths in as well.   If you take one piece of advice from me let this be it.  Try everything, and keep using what works, don't limit yourself to any one ideology.
0	No, it makes complete sense.   Think of a letter and a dictionary word as the same thing. For my shitty math, we need to know how many words there are in a dictionary. The Oxford contains about 170K current words, but let's assume 2048 (2^11 ), ok?     a password of  1 letter  can be  26  different things   a password of  2 letters  can be  676  (26*26) different things   a password of  8 letters or numbers  can be  2,821,109,907,456  different things (36^8 ).   a password of  1 word  (of our fictional dict) can be  2048  different things.   a password of  2 words , can be  4,194,304  things (2048*2048 or 2^22 ), indeed less than 8 letters/numbers.   a password of  4 words  can be 17,592,186,044,416 (2^44 ) things, or  6.2 times the 8 letters/numbers  combination, which is a common demand (8 length, at least one number).     If you don't just use the (borderline silly) two thousand most common words, but use words from the 10% most common words of the dictionary (which would be approx. 17K out of 170K), it radically changes things.   Then,  four words  would yield 17000^4 or 83,521,000,000,000,000 possibilities. Or, for comparison,  slightly more than 2^56  , which is  pretty goddamn safe .   [Source on Oxford dict. size](
1	Yeah, he's blaming OP for something he hasn't done. Riot has the system set up so that you should punish for what you think is punishable and pardon when you believe the person has done nothing wrong. So from one person from the other, the reasons for punishing differ greatly.   ^^^^^.   From [FAQ Question #7](   Why doesn’t Riot post a list of rules for what you can be banned for?   We believe in giving the community what it needs to define itself and that includes what is acceptable or unacceptable behavior. Any rules provided by Riot Games could unnecessarily influence the community.   ^^^^^.   The [Tribunal Guidelines guideline #9]( states that you should Pardon when you believe the person has done nothing wrong.   Understand what "Pardon" means   "Pardon" means that you believe the player doesn''t deserve to have any action taken against them based on the evidence in the case. This will not excuse them from future reports or bans.   ^^^^^.
1	I think it's interesting that while TSM had a dedicated manager, Jack Etienne, and not a manager/player, the team ended up winning the Spring Split. Now, Jack's team is the best team in the NA LCS by far and TSM is struggling under Regi's immaturity and dictator-like personality. I'm really happy that LoL eSports is definitely arriving (ex. Staples Center for S3 WCG & pro-athlete visas for players) but it definitely shows that running a team is a business, not just a bunch of friends grouping together. If TSM continues this path, they're going to end up like Team MRN, relegated and imploding under questionable leadership.
1	Well it might be kinda confusing/complicated, but ill try my best to explain it. But to start off, I am at platinum IV right now. This is all based on my experience. Experience may vary from different divisions.   When you are in a heated 5v5 for a turrent, the defending team has to do their best to protect the tower from taking any damage, and it is more advantageous for them to fight under tower, not away from it. While for the offensive team, it is disadvantageous to even initiate and fight at tower and so they will try to take some free shots on the enemy tower.   Alright so then we are at defending, it is completely situational to be able to "lock them up" in defending a turrent. The enemy team is usually smart enough to not engage and fight under tower. In defending tower, it is not smart to engage other team either, unless they are separated.   So in offensive, trying to take tower. Fighting under tower is a no no. No matter the team comp or the league, fighting under tower is always a no no. Teams cannot always do anything while trying to get a tower. Only pretty much the adc and the mid lane can attack tower if he/she is ranged. Pretty much, a melee champion cannot attack towers and if the champion does, he will be dead because he will be directly under tower.
0	If he wants something to show for his achievements, he should be playing the 360. That's how I roll. Fulfilled.
1	Sure you can make plays....but if you're clearly better than your opponent in terms of game knowledge, why not play a solo lane carry? Many have gotten elo through support, but that route is tedious in an elo where you are easily able to outplay/snowball in a carry role from your opponent's many mistakes.
1	clg eu vs world elite starts at 2. we beats clg eu first game. about 15minutes into the 2nd game the entire venue loses internet. they restart and clg wins. the next game clg eu stalls for a very long time. longest baron dance you've ever seen. literally about 10 minutes of baron dancing.  they end up getting it.... twice with this painful to watch method and engage in a favorable fight they would have most likely won (and they already had a decent lead in gold, baron, and way more towers/map control). Then at 60 minutes into the game as this fight break out they lose internet again. restart again and lose internet in the 2nd attempt at game 3. riot shuts down the event for the day.
0	This ended a friendship of mine... well aquaintenceship. A guy I hung out withs wife poeted on Facebook  that she took extra time loading her trunk,  then walking around her car,  then dicking around on the phone in her turned off car. She got a slew of You Go Girls from her equally awful friends amd I merely stated "You know that YOU are the villain of this story he was trying to park you were bullying" and I guess it sent a cascade of negative remarks towards her and that night I got a call saying I couldn't  hang out with Joe.
1	its actually quite simple.. -> in low elo till gold 1 i say. you can carry alone because you have shitty teammates and shitty enemies but if you advance higher your chances of carrieing will go downhill because the enemy will know how to use the advantage your teamate has given to them.
0	I know this isn't probably going to be seen, butt fuck it. (ha)   I am 22 years old, My fiancee of 2 years recently broke up with me, I was, and still am heartbroken by what has happened, but I've accepted the fact that it's happened and am actually starting to enjoy life again now.   The advice I can give you is to just be yourself, nothing is ever going to go your way if you don't portray who you really are to the people that you come into contact with.   Personally I see myself as a kind, thoughtful person, some people like this, some people don't, I don't give 2 fucks if someone doesn't like me for who I am, that's their problem, not mine.   Be strong with yourself and you will get to where you want to go, I've been single for 2 weeks (but didn't have sex for almost a year in the relationship I was in) and already there has been a sudden interest from the opposite sex, and I truly believe that is because I don't go around pretending to be something I'm not.   Go to the Gym, hit the weights, socialize with people, even if it scares the shit out of you, carry on doing it, accept the inevitable that you will get rejected and you will just stop caring about that eventuality after a while. it will take time, but it does the world of good when you can honestly say that you don't care if that girl just wasn't interested, it may happen 10 times before you meet someone with similar interests, it may take 100, but if it's really what you want then you will find a way to make it happen.
0	Hello! I am a bot who posts transcriptions of Quickmeme links for anybody who might need it.   >Title: Seeing comments as of late, I'm beginning to wonder   >Meme: Am I the only one   >  AM I THE ONLY ONE AROUND HERE >  WHO KNOWS HOW TO PROPERLY USE
1	I'm also plat, and the issue isn't so much her raw power but the risk and effort associated with using that power. The easiest way to deal with a Cait in the past was to just go in on her and blow her up but this has been made much harder now with the prevalence of heal and supports like Lulu and Morgana. I'm not saying that is like, "oh shit they got Cait gg" I'm saying playing against a Cait tends to be a miserable experience where you just have to accept getting your shit pushed in for the majority of laning. Mix in the solo queue factor on your lane partner and jungler and you might not be able to slow her roll.   You say that the Sivir would be able to solo her, yes, this is true if Cait stands there and tries to 1v1, but Cait has to tools to get away. The problem isn't her damage output but rather her ability to avoid yours.
1	I play Graves a lot, and after being yelled at constantly by my team over items, I faithfully bought IE -> PD -> LW   After lots of watching, I noticed LW third hurts Graves, and that he gains a lot of damage from BT. A lot. So I put it third.   Then in my last game, I saw my enemy carry getting a scepter and won a trade (Nunu's snowball didn't hurt). So I decided I'd switch to BT after a pickaxe.
0	The number of men in porn compared to the number of women in porn is exceedingly low. You're more likely to know the dude and his features more so than the chick, solely because of this inconsistency.   I could be wrong, but I think this is where the wages for men go up for porn. Funny enough, more people seem to care more about the performance of the male than that of the female, who just needs to be hot. If the dude doesn't last long enough, isn't  long enough , doesn't shoot a big enough load, isn't skinny enough or pale enough or fat enough or what have you, then he can be axed pretty quickly.   The women porn stars that have become big names typically have to have a very unique quality that is either enjoyable, or can be cashed in on. A lot of the time it just comes down to what holes she's willing to put a dick in.     Stoya makes awesome faces and sounds, does anal, is super pale and "cute".     Jenna Haze is super into every element of her performances, is petite and provides some amazing dirty talk, as well as being one to embrace anal fully.     Sasha Grey basically makes degrading porn look amazing.     Jenni Lee has some of the best cock worship moves that exist.     I'm certain Jenna Jameson's popularity (originally) is her cum bubble blowing trick, as well as the very realistic plastic doll appearance.     Madison Scott really enjoys playing with cum in and around her mouth.     Kayden kross pulls off the super classy smart look, while sticking to mostly vanilla porn, and being smoking hot the whole way.     Aaliyah Love recently moved from lesbian / solo only to B/G format and seems to be getting some attention. (too bad Codi Milo never went hardcore)
1	I don't think that changing eve's ulti is necessary. Her ulti is a ridiculously strong initiation, because it provides 3 very strong stats (a huge slow, % of current health damage and a giant shield). Iti is already one of the best ultimates in the game, so why make it that it does not only initiate but also execute, especially because eve already has very good execution potential. It's like arguing that karthus ulti also should deal % of life damage so you can also use it as initiation tool.
1	Oh god, I have a friend just like this.   Me being in gold and my friend being in Plat, when playing normals we get people ranging from high gold to low Diamond (Occasionally).   He's currently Bronze 1 and "doesn't play ranked" but when we got into higher tiers he decided he now wants to play ranked ( What a coincidence ) but everytime we go into a game with him, he either feeds or gets killed by the jungle and blames lag when it's obvious he's not having any problems.   Me and my friend normally play ranked games when he's online because it puts him off playing because he apparently still doesn't like ranked, even after complaining about not getting the border this season.   I'd just say, get another friend to play with you, it may be cruel, but it is kind of funny watching them slowly feed and get worse, currently every game my friend seems to feed or do something so ridiculously weird and disgracefully bad that it's worth a good laugh.
1	AP Yi was annoying because of his resets, the inability to do anything to him while he bounced around your team, and his stupid sustain. On the flip side, if he didn't get the resets, he wasn't so bad because he had 1 scaling ability, and no sustained DPS. He relied on his team being able to burst down his target the rest of the way so he could reset his cooldowns. It was very polarized gameplay from a design perspective.   Now, this new Yi is annoying because he takes part of what made AP Yi so annoying (the untargetable resets), and tosses out his lack of sustained damage out the window in favor of a unslowable DPS king. Even if Yi doesnt get an instant reset, his ult and E allow him to chop threw people to get himself the reset.
0	Let me tell you a story of David vs Goliath. I have a beat to piss 94 firebird and had a green left turn arrow making the turn some jackass in a '12-'13 camry heading opposite of me had blew through the red light and slammed me. My car ,from what I'm told since I smashed my head against my roof/rearview mirror/windshield and blacked out, lifted a good foot or more off the ground. Wen I came back too I got out of my car and asked the other driver if he was ok.   His car had the driver side front end smashed in, tire blow out, and looked like some suspension damage as well.   My car the bumper was cracked and mangled but other than that he managed to push it about and inch to the driver side and bumped the radiator core support up about 2 1/2.   Got in my car fired her up and drove to an adjacent lot to get out of the way. Cop thanked me for pushing my car out of the road ,wasn't on scene yet and didn't see my front end, and when I told him I drove it off he just about shit assuming that my car was way fucked like the other guys.
1	You can change your champions, masteries, runes, server, you can even change your name. However your summoner icon is forever, once you have chosen a summoner icon you WILL NOT change it, to do so is to forsake all that has ever mattered and you are no longer fit for ever entering summoners rift again. You may still enter the second rate arenas of twisted treeline and the crystal scar, but you will do so only to the scorn of both your opponents and you allies.   No fellow summoner, you will cast away these impure and vile thoughts and stand by your summoner icon in thick and thin. When you first installed LoL you woed a sacred oath to forever uphold it, to use it as a banner for you and your like minded icon choosers.
1	No you shouldn't get banned for ranting on your stream. That's like saying you can't rant about other drivers without being persecuted for insult.   The person that gets called out on stream will most likley never hear it (no they won't even on a 10k stream) and therefore not be offended. If viewers of said stream go on and add the person to insult him, it's not the streamers fault, but the viewers and the viewer should be reported and banned.   If the streamer writes it in chat, then yes, because it is an action that is punishable by the summoners code.   That out of the way: Streamers shouldn't do that. On the other hand this community is incredibly soft and gets offended by the most ridicolous shit. Why? Because no one ever learned to handle this. Smacktalk and Trashtalk are completley different things.   One is: "I'll beat you so hard, you MOMMA won't recognize you."   The other one is: "You are so bad, i will fuck you up so hard your Momma won't recognize you."   If you cannot see a difference in those two statements, you are part of the problem.
1	As the whole point of the league is to settle disputes between the different nations of runetera I'd occasionally like to see 'battle rotations' or something of the sort. I.e. the champions in the free rotation can be split into 2 obvious teams such as noxus vs demacia, with 5 champions from each.   I understand this can't happen every week or some champions wouldn't get featured, but it'd be nice to see now and again.
1	It was a lose-lose situation when I got caught by Froggen's Q.   If I zhonya/ultimate out, they get inhibitor, cause I was 50% of the damage into kogmaw (he had GA up aswell). If I live from that without using zhonya/ultimate, we woulda been able to fight them after turret, making us be able to make dem Comebacks!
0	I'm not sure whether you're trolling or whether you live in some odd European place that I've never been to.   I'm European myself and I've been to plenty of countries here in the EU, and everywhere I've been, it's symbol in front, letters behind. Sometimes they wrote "EUR 250" when they figure the all-caps replaces the symbol.
1	Same issue.  I literally operate under the philosophy of "report me, see what happens"   Nearly nothing happens with reports.  Especially toxic ones.  You get an automated warning and just click ok.  repeated afk offenses seem to be the only thing that escalates to review.  Toxic players run rampant, the community thinks reporting is a complete joke(it is).  It takes too long to writeup a report for most people.  Half the reportable things aren't even provable.  You cant prove intentional feeding without disregarding that they could just suck badly.  You report language and nothing happens, they just say to use the filter.  You report for verbal abuse and they get an automatic warning.  You report for unskilled literally nothing happens(confirmed by riot).  Report for afk is about the only thing that works, and even then, people need a high volume of reports to go to the tribunal.
0	I ordered a pizza online and paid by credit card (because  that's  how much social interaction I can tolerate).  The kid who delivered the pizza left the credit slip in the car, and didn't want to run back out for it, which means I couldn't add a tip to the slip.  So after he left, I called the joint and told them I forgot to tip the delivery guy and asked if they could add one over the phone.  The chick I was speaking to flipped out over someone going out of their way to ensure a tip for service, and the next day when I got home, I had a note on my door from the kid thanking me.
0	Exactly. It's just my opinion,, so who fucking cares? And whether or not people I've never met believe or don't believe that i've had some immensely hot girlfriends doesn't change the fact that it's true.
0	none of those were due to a lack of belief in god?   > when a book that you think was inspired by the creator of the universe says to cut off people's heads you don't agree with   I don't know about the Koran, but these beheadings were not for "jihad" but they were limited for kings to rival nations....  It would be like asking for Bin Laden's head.  In non-war scenarios, the Bible condemns the actions as wrong.   Here are all references to beheadings     Judges 7:25 And they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb ... and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon....  This was a wartime action.  The Midianites had an army threatening the Israelites.  The beheadings occurred after a rout.     1 Samuel 17:57 - And as David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, ... [he] brought ... the head of the Philistine in his hand.  Again... wartime action.   David had just slewed Goliath and saved the bloodshed that would have been spilled if the Philistines and Israelites battled.     2 Samuel 4:7-8 And they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his head ... brought the head of Ishbosheth unto David....  "Ish-bosheth was assassinated in c 1005 B.C. by two of his own army-captains, Rechab and Baanah (2 Samuel 4:5), who expected a reward from David because of this. David, however, refused to give any commendation for high treason; he had both killers hanged with their hands and feet cut off. Ish-bosheth was buried in Abner's grave at Hebron."     2 Samuel 20:22 - And they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bichri, and cast it out to Joab.  Wartime action.  Sheba was leading an army / revolution.     2 Kings 10:7-8 - [T]hey took the king's sons, and slew seventy persons, and put their heads in baskets, and sent him them to Jezreel. And there came a messenger, and told him, saying, They have brought the heads of the king's sons. And he said, Lay ye them in two heaps at the entering in of the gate until the morning.  This was genocide -> a grab for power by Jezreel... however it's condemned by the Bible -   "The prophet Hosea wrote in Hosea 1:4-5 that Israel was conquered by Assyria as a punishment allowed by God for the massacre of the Israelite dynasty of King Ahab carried out by Jehu at Jezreel."     Judith 13:2-11 - They were all overcharged with wine ... But Holofernes lay on his bed, fast asleep, being exceedingly drunk. ... Judith stood before the bed praying ... Strengthen me, O Lord God of Israel ... that I may bring to pass ... that it might be done by thee ... When she had said this, she ... loosed his sword ... And ... she took him by the hair of his head, and said: Strengthen me, O Lord ... And she struck twice upon his neck, and cut off his head ... And after a while she went out, and delivered the head of Holofernes to her maid, and bade her put it into her wallet.  wartime action - Holofernes' army was laying siege to Judith's city.  She posted the head on the wall of the city and the besieging army fled.
0	Even this won't save you. Had my laptop stolen once while on vacation in Florida. Called my parents back home and asked them to find the laptop serial number on the original box (finally a use for the boxes I saved over the years). The police then contacts the pc manufacturer, gets the MAC address serials for wifi/ethernet components, and the laptop pings back an ip address to their tracking system when the thief connects to the internet. Got my laptop back two days later before I left for home.
0	But if you remember when the Matrix came out it was still a 50/50 as to if it'd be a hit or not. It did good at the box office, but it didn't do great because people were iffy about it. For one, you didn't know shit from the previews of what it was about.  However after a decent, long, run at the theater it did explode with DVD sales and was the first DVD to hit a "x million" sales mark if I recall.  However at the time it came out another VR movie, equally as twisted, The 13th Floor came out and could have easily been the winner of that battle.   Another thing I think back to though is if Smith had been chosen, the Matrix would have been different and, in all honesty, I don't think it would have had a 2nd or 3rd sequel. At which time that pretty much would kill the Matrix as a memorable career move.  Had the matrix not done well with smith then his career choice woulda still been moot because the movie could have just been bad.  Smith in 1999 hadn't really made a serious movie by that time, those didn't come along till later.   Reeves  had already done a breadth of role types by that time (though some aren't that memorable)   WWW was a very formulaic movie for Will. It was/is the staple type of movie he makes and brings in cash with.  Witty officer who fights XYZ bad guy and makes smart ass remarks and has a partner he doesn't get along with.
1	What I tend to do is teleport to mid tower asap (10s is the earliest) and quickly ward their buff (This is around 27-29s).  The champion I normally use for this is Xerath and the item I start with is blue elixir, two wards and two health pots.  Masteries are 21/0/9 and runes are full scaling ap with hybrid pen.  This set up allows for his q to deal 120 damage to blue golem at level 1, which makes it very easy to steal from junglers who don't combo a skill and auto to kill the golem sub 150 hp.   I'd generally use the second ward to place it in either their banana bush on river or around the back of red buff.  Most junglers start bottom side.   One downside to this start is its very all in, but it is fairly easy to pull off i'd estimate I'd be getting it 3/4 times over the past ~100 games (This number is lessening though Plat queues on oce past midnight has a lot of familiar faces). Another is the fact that even if you teleport enemy champions can still make it to the bush in time to see you ward, this is due to the fact you can't teleport before 10s into the game and certain champions having a high movespeed.  Think Miss Fortune, Janna or champions with boot starts.   The benefits of stealing any buff level 1 is crazy for midlaners:  You hit level 2 as soon as 1 creep dies in lane which allows for early bullying;  If you steal blue you can shove your lane and roam early with a level 3 advantage; Red on the other hand is less useful but still very potent against melee laners; Teleport generally will be back up by the time you're hitting level 6.   The biggest benefit how far you can set back their jungle if you co-ordinate with your team.  After stealing their blue, you quickly shove your two waves while your jungler moves from his red to their red.  This allows you to roam as a level 3 up to their jungle to help your level 2 jungler either take the enemy red buff (if their jungler does slow route) or kill their jungler at red.  This works even better if your support/top/jungler can place a ward at the enemies red buff.  This is of course for blue side, purple side its harder to do since you'll run out of mana (I'm basing this example on Xerath).
0	If you are not even remotely qilling to discuss what is said in an intellectually honest manner and all you have to provide are personal attacks and self-righteous diamissals why bother responding at all?   Once you are willing to thoroughly discuss the arguments made, come back. So far the only thing you have proven is your arrogance and you not being ashamed of your anti-intellectual attitude.   It's nice that you believe you are right and I am wrong  Goos for you. The problem is: You are wrong. And as long as you don't provide proper arguments and discuss things in a thorough and falsifiable manner you must be considered full of shit.   Your assessments of my position are wrong an ignorant. The rest of your statements are wild claims that you haven't substantiated. In the meantime you ignored and self-righteously dismissed everything I said, most likely because you know you have no arguments against what I said.
1	No, I can't imagine you'd get banned for simply playing from a different IP address than normal for a few games.   For example, I play on my desktop 99.9% of the time, but there was a tournament at my school, so I played on a laptop on the school network instead of at home. Of course, I used my main account. It would be pretty unreasonable to get banned for playing at a friend's house. There's no way.   However, if you have someone else playing for you from a long distance for a lot of games playing champs you don't usually play and doing extremely well, Riot may well (hell, probably do) have a way to detect such anomalies.
0	This isn't something that's okay to say  ever .   Speaking as someone with depression who has struggled with self-harm and suicidal tendencies and lost some people to suicide, this is about one of the worst situations I can imagine.   Not only did those students just lose someone who they had known and gone to school with for some time but then a teacher decides to impose her religious views on the matter? Scratch that. It doesn't even matter that it's a religious view. I'm religious and I'd never say shit like that.   You know why? Because things that can spark depression include [feeling like a social outcast, prejudice, and stress]( and if you're a close friend of someone who has committed suicide because of depression or something else, odds are that you struggle with similar issues.   People with depression, like me, tend to group together because few other people understand the mindset that leads you to thinking in this way. My two best friends both also suffer from depression, panic attacks, and self-harming tendencies.   This aside, being in a situation like this is bound to induce situational stress because most people would intrinsically disagree with the teacher's assessment but they are in a position of authority. [Stress is one the largest factors into psychological breakdowns]( and what that teacher just said will not be helping anyone.   Not only did this teacher slander someone who had just died, they also hurt other people who knew that person through their words and actions. That's not what a teacher is for.
1	I feel like some people forget is that Dota 2 is not balanced from a Hero vs Hero stand point. A big part of Dota 2's balance also comes from all the items and their actives.   A good example is the hero Outworld Devourer(OD), an Intelligence hero that can be classified as a Carry hero. A small rundown of how Dota 2 works is that, there are 3 stats; Strength, Agility and Intelligence. Each stat gives specific increases to out substats; Strength increases a hero's max HP as well as HP regeneration. Agility increases a hero's attack speed and for every 7 agility the hero gets +1 armor. Intelligence increases the hero's max MP as well as their MP regeneration. Now each hero has a primary stat, in this case Outworld Devourer is Intelligence, that means that for every point of Intelligence he gets, he will ALSO gain +1 attack damage. This is the same for a Strength or Agility hero, if they get points into their Primary Stat it will give them more Attack Damage.   This hero is great in a 1v1 laning stage because he can pull a hero out of play for a few seconds, and if its an enemy it will also temporairly steal their Intelligence, this gives OD more Damage as well as shrinking the enemies mana pool. He can also save himself or allies with this, for example if an allied gets stunned, he can pull them out of play, therefore disallowing the enemy to jump onto the stunned target.   Now his main damaging ability makes it so that with every right click, he does a % amount of MAGIC DAMAGE relative to his current mana pool(not max). This allows him to dish out a lot of damage if he has a high amount of current mana, however with every use it drains 100MP, so this means that he can drain through his mana VERY quickly. Due to this fact, his third ability, a passive, allows him to have a % chance to regain 40% of his MAX mana pool with every spell cast, including his hard hitting right click enhancing ability.   His ultimate is sometimes referred to as a THE HAMMER, makes it so that he instantly does a massive amount of MAGICAL DAMAGE in a fairly large area. The damage is determined by the difference of OD's Intelligence and the Intelligence of the enemies that were hit, and then multiplied by 9/10/11(depending on the skill level, ultimate can be leveled up 3 times). Not only that but the target's mana will also be burned before the damage is dealt.   Now then with that whole explanation of a single hero out of the way, you can clearly see that Outworld Devourer is purely a magic damaging hero. If left unchecked he can destroy an entire team but there are ways to counter him, the best way ofc is buy Purchasing a Black King Bar(BKB), a 3900 gold item that, when activated will give you Magic Immunity, but with every use the duration is lowered, starting from 10 seconds going all the way down to 5seconds being the lowest(continued use once duration hits 5 will stay at 5).   BKB is probably one of the most powerful items in the game and is probably picked up in 90% of games on atleast 1 or 2 heroes. This one item will shut down OD's damage completely, allowing you to man up and fight him without worry of dying to his insane amount of damage. This is an example as to how Dota 2 items are not only bought to help buff a hero but to counter the enemy's hero and help balance the game.
0	I actually had this happen to me at a place I used to work at. A couple of girls threw parties for everyone else and promised that they would give me one for mine (which was two days later) My birthday swings around and not a thing. Not a word. Nothing.   I just let it go until another girl's birthday rolled around and they brought cake to work, etc. I asked why I didn't have anything for my birthday. One of the girls lied and said "we didn't know". I quickly reminded her that she mentioned it on facebook and said she would.   I quickly got the hint that I was welcome into their little clique and left that place.
1	Might be buried but I would argue with the DuoQ option. Me and my friend we were good and would always Duo, but we would barely or never move up in rank. edit:(but no good enough to carry)   One thing we noticed (we were mid silvers at the time) that DuoQ you are expected to carry and do good. However I feel that we have 3 potatoes on the team. However when you do soloQ you (assume you are good) you get a DuoQ usually, and they are 'better' most of the time (not carryable) but they usually aren't stupid. That leaves you having 2 possibly good people (the DuoQs) and you yourself. That leaves you having potentially 2 potatoes on your team.   So
1	I never understood this. People immigrate,  and anyone who thinks that a Chinese team or Korean can go to a different country and maintain the style they did in their homes is naive. Korean gaming is what it is because of the infrastructure in Korea. They have in house sister teams to scrim against constantly and play against the set Korean meta, when lmq did well with their usual Chinese aggression in NA it was fine. When people started to check them for it and they started faltering they switched to a more burst style of aggression instead.  They're adapting to where they are and becoming the best there, what difference does it make where they came from? Every country is a country of immigrants in one way or another.
0	When I was 21 two of my coworkers told me to get on a bike and ride. They knew i had never learned as a kid and as an adult, was in no hurry. i got on the seat and gripped the handlebars. they each held the back of the bike seat and a handlebar and started slowly walking forward. my feet were dragging so I put them on the pedals. My coworkers picked up speed until they were running and told me to start pedaling, they soon peeled off and i was doing it. I felt like a big boy, it was a very proud moment.
0	I'd try to explain, but the above comments already did.
0	It's because the banana with frosting looks like rediculously attractive/photogenic marathon runner pic that was on the front page a while ago. The hair was slicked and he was smiling, as I'm sure everyone imagines the banana to be doing with the frosting hair when imagining it as a person with eyes, and shit.
0	Why did I read these comments? Do I like seeing morons shout about things while they don't have any idea what they are talking about? In America, if you don't like not being paid extra to work a job you agreed to work, then you can quit. People probably want that job more than you and would be willing to work for normal pay. If you aren't getting extra pay then you probably have a crappy job anyways, which is more than some people can say.
0	Staying grounded- That's where true happiness stays true. Money will buy you everything you ever dreamed of having, and when you've experienced all the materialistic things this Earth has to offer, you become jaded, and you start to slip. This is why so many rich and famous people become drug addicts- they have had it all, now they want to numb themselves. I sometimes think about what I would do if I won a big lottery. I immediately think of all the shit I would buy, everything I ever wanted. But then this kind of depression slips into my head. The very though of "having it all, then what?" feeling. Then I start to think about starting organizations to help the less fortunate, getting all my family in nice homes and being financially free. Living out a simple life of giving back to others. It's the only way I could live rich I think, otherwise I would turn into this over powered maniac.
0	even though you may be a good/chill cop, doesnt mean every other one is. change of a public image starts with you, maybe more people would be in agreement with officers if they understood the mentality of average citizen and their predetermined views of the roles of the police in today's society. Especially with the United States becoming a military states, people are more apt to connotate all police with the concept of citizens losing their god given rights to freedom and the pursuit of happiness.   I vaguely remember during the occupy movements that some people were asking protesters to look nice and civilized because other wise they wouldn't be taken serious by these big huge wall street bankers. This pertains to the concept that demand for change will be taken more seriously if both parties understand each other, regardless if it is not fair or even. The will to change a whole corrupt tree of disparity starts with the seed that is planted. Be that factor that changes our view of you guys and together we can live in peace with a respectful relation. The police is meant to keep you safe within our own domestic country, that does not say take control into your own hands.
1	Travis. I have to admit I have never taken you seriously until I just watched your Lemonnation and Sneaky interview. You impressed me in three ways.   First, you addressed a couple important issues with the players without explaining every feature of the situation. When you talked about Hai's hospitalization and Link's substitution, you knew with certainty that your viewers were just as up-to-date about the issue as you and there players were. It represents to me the sensitivity you have for your audience and the respect that you have for all of our present knowledge.   Second, you pressed the issue over and over with Lemon about what specific problems C9 was having with Link in the shotcalling role in-game. Lemon defected twice but in the end you got an answer out of him. I would recommend you watch Frost's interview with Nixon one day.   Third, I laughed. I actually laughed out loud and very few insightful, honest interviews can actually do this to me.
1	Game 1: You argued with your team over multiple things calling other people noobs and calling yourself the best support euw. Rather than being rude to your teammates try to help them out in a positive way.   Game 2: You threatened to feed your lane.   Game 5: You called everyone a noob. Created a lot of drama. Instead of flaming at everyone for not buying wards...ask them politely and buy some yourself.   You seem to have a bad attitude when your teammates start to do bad. Help them out in a positive manner and not be a jerk by calling them noobs and flaming, even if they are less skilled than you
1	lol cmon, why do you ever read them when you just have to move your mouse an inch to click the
0	THIS. So true.   It seems like NO ONE likes gypsies. One of my favorite teachers in high school, during a conversation where we discussed the relative equality that has developed over the last 150 years, in response to, "It's like there aren't any specific "groups" that people hate anymore." said, "Except gypsies, everybody hates gypsies." And she meant it. She actually disliked gypsies.   I've never personally been robbed by gypsies but I HAVE been intimidated, mocked, threatened, and robbed by black guys and I STILL know that doesn't make it okay to dislike or discriminate against them. For some reason gypsies are never given the same respect and consideration afforded to every single other minority/persecuted group out there.
0	Miranda warnings are only relevant to a custodial interrogation subsequent to arrest. Also, I did not say anything whatsoever about Miranda warnings in my above comment.   The OP said " repeatedly shout  'am I being detained,'" which /u/OfMiceAndMenus said is "exactly what you're supposed to do . . . ask any lawyer." No, it isn't. Do not shout at the police officer. "Am I free to go" is a much better question than "am I being detained." If the answer is "yes," any interaction you have is voluntary, and you should leave. If "no," (politely) refuse to answer any questions because you are now seized (detained), not under arrest (there's a difference), and the police do not have to read the Miranda warning for your statements to be admissible evidence at that phase.
1	Red buff/gap closers aren't enough, and depending on your lanes' cc to gank is not what makes a good jungler... About the red buff: I get it's a strong gank, but that's it, if you don't have red buff you can't even gank. Even if you do, you'll probably be blown up. I say that because, in my mind (and I'm not the best jungler around) a good gank comes from good initiation, or good follow-up CC, and Ezreal has neither. Btw, you might say that the whole point in having Ezreal jungle is to aim at late game (the extra adc damage). What about surviving early/mid game? A real jungler in the opposite team might snowball the game really hard for countless reasons (counter jungling, vision control, hard cc engages, objective pressure). I really can't see how a champion that needs such an in-depth guide just to survive jungle routes, and doesn't have any other qualities junglers usually have.
0	ive been a pastor for almost 10 years and if you had fucked up a meme i would have
1	Being outnumbered doesn't mean you don't deserve to have fun.   That random guy has no better way to play ARAM than to search for a lobby and join it. When he joined, he may or may not have realized he was in a partial premade. Having the game ruined by a bunch of premade buddies screwing around like that is bad.   If you want to dick around, make sure you have a full game of people you know. For all intents and purposes, right now, a custom ARAM is the ONLY way to "queue" for ARAM, so it needs to be treated that way. If 4 people queue up and get a random in Summoner's Rift, they aren't allowed to troll the random just because they outnumber him.   Once an ARAM queue is released, custom is where you can dick around, queue is where you play for real. Until then, customs need to be treated like a real match UNLESS the group is 100% on board with dicking around.
0	Our line cooks generally leave before our cashiers sooooo?  Then again I guess we're the only place that's both retail and restaurant.
1	There is disrespect and there is locking like a fucking fool.   Disrespect requires you to read into your enemies plays and react to them accordingly. It may it's like being able to win 10 turns ago like 3 times in chess.   Or locking yourself in an animation while playing a fighting game. Know they will choke their combo.   In League you have a fucking team counting on you to play at least decently. Having fun shouldn't make you look like an asshole to the enemy and your team.
0	Also consider that not every woman wears make-up, or carefully crafted outfits. Or that they're not assholes and allot themselves enough time to get that shit done.   Of course. I was careful to say 'some women'.   But see, if a man associates make-up with womanliness, and thus women who don't wear it are less womanly, then they will see femininity as making women 'late'. And the quick women won't prove an exception, they just prove (to the ignorant guy) that being less feminine/more like a man makes you more efficient.
1	Junglers get a lot of criticism in games. Some of it is unwarranted but some of it is also deserved. Nobody plays this game perfectly, and constructive criticism is always useful in getting better. I see a lot of junglers automatically reject any sort of criticism as whinning.   What they said: "You should have ganked my lane" What you read it as: "You are a bad jungler and you should feel bad" What you should sometimes read it as: "He was overextended and it would have been a good situation to gank. If you do it in the future we will have a better chance to win this game"   Obviously junglers get a lot more criticism than other lanes. This is because other lanes can't watch each other, they only know whats going on in their lane. They can tell you when the other guy is overextending or when he is weak, but Mid rarely is able to tell top he is playing poorly.
1	I can't say I've never made a mistake that I knowingly knew was wrong, so all I've got to say is, good on your part for refunding the donations (if it's true, I didn't bother to click your links) and apologizing.   Second, I just read your
1	I didn't say it's broken.  My point is ELO rating is to show personal skill correct?  This works excellent in a game like chess where the only thing a person can rely on is the information on the board and their personal knowledge of strategy.  There are NO external factors when winning or losing.   In a 5v5 game you are relying on 4 other random people to assist you in acquiring your rating.  At lower/middle ELO ratings it's going to be a crapshoot on who you are paired up with.  This is why ELO hell exists.   A person playing chess who is extremely skilled starting with a beginners ELO is going absolutely skyrocket and obliterate his competition because he will not face any sort of variance with luck.  He is just simply better than his opponent and will acquire rating quickly.  In LoL the better players will go up over time but they will most likely face some excruciatingly painful losses that they could not control because you are semi-reliant on teammates.  This is why ELO is not a particularly efficient measure of individual skill team games.   It becomes even more dicey when playing with arranged teams with varying players because people can choose to play with players who are slightly more skilled than them or less skilled and this can cause them to have an ELO rating which is slightly inflated or deflated because in a team sport the people who surround you affect your performance when you interact with them against your 5 opponents.   You can be the best individual player in a match and still lose rating.  This is the exact opposite effect ELO is supposed to have.  This is an inefficiency.
0	A friend of mine who is quite tech savvy once got a call from Verizon asking if they wanted to get more "megs". After about half an hour he had managed to secure a higher tier bandwidth for the same price by explaining that there is no such measurement as "megs" for internet download and upload speeds and if there was he would/should know about it and can you please explain where you got that metric from.
1	It's not 1 slot/server. It is 1 slot per region. The defined regions are NA, EU, Korea, China and SEA, just like last year.. If it was per server then why does EUNE not get a slot? Why not Brazil? Why not Turkey?     Are you suggesting they shouldn't be fair? Other regions have a limit of players per team being in each All-Star team. EU voted 4 members of Gambit into the team, but only 3 could go. SEA has a different dynamic to the other regions and 3/mini-region is more fair to the other global regions as well as making sure there is some actual diversity in the team. Just because TW is much stronger with TPA and TPS doesn't mean that they should just have exclusivity over it as well in the same way that just because a team like GG is so strong they should get such a stranglehold over the EU team.     Frankly, if they are so selfish that they are willing to, i guess, sabotage their own team because they can't get their own way they I don't care. Allows the other teams to compete for that extra spot easier.       Also, in regard to your
0	It's worse with firefly, you start out all, "Oh I heard this show is pretty good, I'll give it a look"  then you are all "ohemgee this is the tits"  and then you finish and are all like, "ffffffuuuuuuuuuu why would they cancel this amazing brain candies?! What? A movie too!"  and they you are all, "its fucking over, I have watched everything and now I have to resort to comic books and homages to it in random pop culture just to remind me of how nothing will ever fill my heart agaiiiiiins."  and then you purchase a jayne hat or some other shit from etsy and then you are all "I am a leaf on the wind, watch how i soar."
1	Have to agree with this, im high plat and mained diana till she got nerfed... after that she just felt clunky and out of any meta because she doesnt stand a chance in extended laning trades and cant even farm safely   IMO they should change her e in some way like extending the range to as it was at the release. The shield could stay where it is mechanicwise but should get some dmg/shield extra. Her mana costs in a lvl 6 combo are insane aswell which makes it hard to compete to nearly every other midlaner atm, IMO the mana costs of the e and ult could be reduced. reducing the mana costs of the shield would make her untradeable to other melee champs, wouldnt make sense. Her passive nerfs were kinda out of nowhere aswell, since the op shield made her considered op.
1	They play her one game crush the enemy (probably cuz more skilled) and they think she's op and play her over and over cuz they get cocky and they think they can beat everyone.
0	That's exactly what I mentioned too. I acknowledged that it can be the last drop, but what I'm saying is that if somebody somewhere wearing a shirt, which apparently a lot of people consider completely fine, is a drop at all for you that makes you not want to go into science then I would imagine there would be a whole boatload of OTHER things which would also be difficult. In science you can be railed on day in and out even if you are objectively correct. Your objectively correct result just doesn't line up with somebody else's agenda. You will be made a fool of by politicians, lawyers, laypeople and other scientists just so they can push their agenda.   Since people aren't reading the whole post through:
1	One play style means you do not adjust when the other team does something, which leads to you using an ineffective strategy and thus feeding.  On the other hand, this play style will work some of the time and help lead you to victory.  It is all about adjusting your playstyle for consistency in winning.  Of course, this only applies to one person; if the whole team doesn't adjust, then it doesn't matter if you feed or carry really well.
1	JUNGLE! wait until 5 minutes, see who you can anchor on, and just gank for that person, if you do well and get one lane VERY fed, it is an easy win. If you can't find a strong anchor, just gank and rip the hell out of all lanes, in bronze to gold, it's perfectly fine to just take any kill you want as long as you played a decent part in it.   Champs for doing this: Volibear, Hecarim, Udyr, Trundle, nasus... strict carry jungles don't often work because if they do not get the kills, they struggle with gold and cannot move into the late game
1	Firstly the example given is irrelevant because it's totally different from the League one. This exploit is an exploit, not a system vulnerability. It's a method for using a perfectly harmless system in a manner that, while basically technically harmless, is deceptive and capable of fooling people into doing stupid things. Countermeasures for something like this are different than for a security vulnerability of the kind you mention.   To elaborate on that, the exploit you provided was a technical risk. This one isn't, it's a human risk. There are two sides to network security, the technical side and the human side. The League exploit in question isn't all that dangerous from a technical standpoint. It's  HIGHLY  dangerous from a human standpoint,  ESPECIALLY  when you consider the userbase (wide and full of computer illiterate people). This exploit is dangerous because of it's utility when it comes to phishing. Let me give you a scenario:   Little Timmy is 10 and loves LoL. He plays it every day and has lots of friends on it. One day he gets a notification from his game telling him that he has an important message and that he should click here to view it. He does and it's Riot support telling him that there's been a problem with his payment information and that he needs re-enter his credit card information. He goes and gets the piece of paper where he's written down his dad's credit card number and within the hour his family's bank account is empty.   Now you'll say "That kid is stupid. Nobody's that dumb!" you're right on the first part, but boy are you wrong on the second part. People are stupid, that's why Phishing works. Now, most people are smart enough to figure out that the message from "nmericanxpress @gmail.com" isn't legit, but if you provide Phishers with a very convincing way to pretend they're real (and this exploit allows that) then many people will fall for it hook line and sinker.   Additionally, the kinds of people who would be hurt by this are the kinds of people who don't even know the difference between HTML or Java. To them knowing that the way this exploit is carried out is "blahdy bladhy blah" wouldn't be of any help whatsoever. In fact that knowledge would only benefit people actively trying to exploit this bug.   KNOWING HOW IT IS DONE WONT PROTECT YOU FROM THIS EXPLOIT ANY MORE THAN SIMPLY KNOWING THAT IT CAN BE DONE.  This exploit is simply a way of fooling League's chat system, so short of removing your entire friends list there isn't any way to stop someone from using this exploit on you. Now it's possible to avoid having this exploit hurt people by telling them that it's possible for people to send fake messages using the league client, but beyond that there is no defense against this more effective than simply knowing that it's possible. Knowing the name of the programs used to mess with the messages, knowing the formatting required for the messages, or knowing how to edit them in the first place don't help you protect yourself against this exploit. It's just that simple. If you know how the exploit actually works this is pretty clear.
1	Get a some games under your belt before you start ranked, mostly for your own good. Now you are really going to learn how to play the game, the leveling up is more for you to get comfortable with the game, now you need experience. I would say, get 2-300 games and you should have the knowledge and skills of the average LoL player which is the standard 1100-1300 ELO. And when you start going in to ranked, dont let the idiots ruin your experience of the game.
1	Here we go: Ahri (Maybe up for debate, but I wouldn't say overly sexualized; at least not strippery), Shyvana, Riven, Oriana, Vayne, Karma (Only females released AFTER Caitlin btw), Irelia, Lux, Annie, and Kayle.   I would disagree about most of these.  Several of these characters have exposed and highly visible cleavage.  Irelia is the worst offender here as she is wearing armor over her entire body except for over her heart.  Armoring one of the two most vital parts of the human body takes a backseat to showing cleavage.  Vayne's skin tight cat suit isn't much better and Soraka and Shyvana actually have a lot of exposed skin.  The second two just don't jump out at you as much since they don't have normal flesh tones in their default outfits.  I was actually kind of shocked when I realized just how much skin (and sideboob) Soraka is showing because I'd never noticed it before.  I don't have a problem with sexualized female characters, but it feels like in both LoL and gaming in general that's the default for female characters while it's rarely the case for males.
1	Nah, it's impossible to get demoted with just 12 defeats. You need to fall to around plat 5 MMR, you will get a message about it before it happens. From the wiki :   > If you are in division 5 of a tier and your MMR drops an entire tier, you will be warned about possible demotion. For example, a player in Gold V would receive a warning upon reaching Silver V MMR
1	Dont build lich bane on ziggs! Its bad! To use lich bane you have to be in auto range which is a mistake. If the enemy doesnt kill you for that they are dumb.
1	Okay, so, I used to main Eve, too. As much as I hated the fact that, when I would fight against her, and her coming out of nowhere stunning me and killing me, I didn't want her nerfed to the ground like she has been. She was part of the game. And I always find it upsetting when Riot tries to balance the game. By doing that, they occasionally take all potential for a champion away, like they did with Eve. You just had to play carefully when you were fighting against her, and people just didn't seem to realize this. "BUT YOU COULDN'T SEE HER COMING" Just buy a pink or an eye and you should be fine. There SHOULDN'T be a rework to stealth. I can't really think of a viable solution as to how they could change it so that everyone can be happy with it. I came to LoL from playing games like WoW and DotA where there are very powerful stealth characters and they don't normally get fucked with, because that's just how the game works. I don't know. I really miss having Eve be a viable champion. I can still play her, and sometimes I still do well. But it's usually worse to pick Eve than picking a Kat to fight a LeBlanc or something.
1	Monte even went so far as saying before the match began that he liked the Varus pick better in PowerOfEvil's case than for this case.   Just because the "Monte hates it when EU plays it, but it's great when KR does" seems to be somewhat prevalent in this thread despite how incorrect it is, I compiled some of Monte's comments this game. It's pretty clear his opinion on Varus hasn't really changed, although he may have disliked the Nunu pick more.   Reasons Monte gave before the game and early on for not liking SKT's draft:   --"I just have questions... What happens if he picks Zed right now?"   --"Varus with his poke... yeah he's great against champions like Kassadin... but Varus is a champion that can get all-inned very effectively - or you could just do that, which is match poke for poke"   --"I much prefer it when they run something like Rumble in the top side, instead of all-inning on all this attack damage."   --"The thornmail is going to be ridiculously effective"   --"With this composition, you have to strike early or you lose... Basically, the siege has to work, and Najin has enough wave clear that I'm not entirely confident that it's going to work"   --"I'm not a big fan of what SK Telecom is doing, I feel that it is pretty risky, but it'll be funny to watch and see if they can actually pull it off."   --DoA: "Yep, top lane Nunu - really the MVP of this game" Monte: "It's so bad"   Commentary about how the game was playing out:   [After the 1v1 mid] --"Lulu is a solid pick... this is why picking the Varus early is somewhat dangerous"   [After the dragon fight] -- "Now SKT has the 4k lead that they needed, because Najin decided to fight the second dragon they absolutely didn't have to go for... they're fighting right in SK Telecom's power spike"   --"Duke has no armor... Duke has a cloth armor right now, what the hell is he going to do?"   --Monte: "It's just astonishing to me that Najin would accept that fight [dragon], it was only going to be SKT's second dragon." DoA: "Pretty much, that's the thing, that was the only way that SKT could come back."   --"I don't think it's [Varus] a bad pick in certain matchups, it's just Najin completely messed up this game and SKT took precisely the fight they should have"   --"They [Najin] were in such a good space... less than a thousand gold deficit, in some harder lanes..." DoA: "They should have known the only good Space is on CJ right now..."   --"It is like watching Faker play Nidalee"   --"One thing you can say about SK Telecom is that they're very good at that Varus - Sejuani synergy."   --"Even though SKT took a bit of a gamble with that composition - and by a bit, I mean a really big one - they hit their timing, they made it work, they closed the game very efficiently within their window."
1	As I've sad elsewhere, bandwidth is almost never an issue for datacentres. Unlike storage, which expands with time, bandwidth remains constant. Sending data through a cable doesn't cost money, but the cable does. In comparison to storage, bandwidth is incredibly cheap and only needs to be paid for once, with some small maintenance costs.
1	There is no difference in skilllevel up to platinum dont bother about that. I play a lot of normals as you cant play ranked with certain numbers of friends and we frequenly get qued with diamond people who sometimes kick ass but also get their ass kicked. If you played a lil ranked you will not care about normals that much anymore.   And i dont know exactly what you mean by "not the whole community is like that", we are.
0	I'd leave her. There and then.   Saying something like that to a guy is just planting a seed inside his head which simply ISN'T going to go away. We're hardwired to be insecure about things we CAN'T change, such as penis size, bone structure, hair growth etc.   Even if the relationship continues, even if she apologises, even if she tells you that yours is the biggest dick she's ever had, your mental timebomb is ticking. The insecurity will eat you inside.   Intimacy is about making each other feel good, and feeling good together. This is absolutely not limited to physical contact & sex, it's an emotional, deep connection which ENDS in the physical interaction. Saying something like this when watching something as frivolous as porn shows just how little she cares for your feelings & self well-being.
0	i was living with a friend for 1 year but wasn't put on the lease. i didn't really care at the time.  paid my half of the electric/heat directly to him as the bill was in his name (he lived there for a couple years before i moved in).  noticed discrepancies in the bill a month before i moved out- he was pocketing my half and receiving full public assistance on the side.  how i wish i had a lease with my name on it to turn him in.
0	A bigger dick can feel nice - but I can't do everything that I want to do with it.  And often times it hurts.  I'd much rather have something smaller - and when I first hook up with a guy and I find that he is about average or a lil bit smaller I get soooo excited and turned on cause I know that I can be more crazy in bed w/ him.
0	That's the thing though, all we have is this shitty image macro to go on. We don't know that he thinks all obese people are lazy fucks, it could've been something he said once taken out of context, or that obese people who choose to do nothing about it are lazy.
1	He's not useless. He doesn't fit in the current meta anymore due to powercreeping. Bruiser type tanks like darius are more dangerous in teamfights, while support type tanks like nautilus are more useful in teamfights. His loads of nerfs are slowly taking their toll, since almost every support/tank jungler does rammus's job, but better. A competent rammus in a wisely chosen team comp is still dangerous though.
0	I NEVER UNDERSTOOD THIS. I've seen girls with SENTENCES on their ass, and sometimes across their chest. I tend to read literally everything, and even though I've never gotten yelled at, I've gotten dirty looks.
0	I moved out after a few years of my wife treating me like crap. She said she desperately wanted to go to marriage counseling. When we were there I had to say everything that was wrong, I did so calmly.   After my ex wife was asked, she said that all my problems were false and started attacking them. The counselor asked her to stop and asked what her problems were, what was I doing that was wrong. My ex wife sat there silent for a while, then started again that everything I said should not be an issue.   The counselor stopped her again and asked what HER problems with me were. My ex then started yelling at the counselor telling her it was her job to tell me to move home. How dare she take my side, she should have her licence revoked.   The counselor tried to calm her down, explained she was just asking what my Ex's issues with the relationship with her were. That no one took sides. This made it worse, after 30 minutes they were both standing, my EX screaming at the counselor, the counselor telling her to sit down and calm down.   Right at the end of the session my ex finishes with "So are you going to tell him to move home, or are you just horrible at your job" and the counselor looks straight into my eyes and says "I think him moving home at this time would be a huge mistake"   We ended up having a second session, halfway through the counselor apologised to me, and then asked her to leave without charging us for the session. I paid anyway and thanked her for her time ..
1	Sadly its buried but whatever:   There is a simple reason why we think we are allowed to judge them. The reason is, because we are allowed to judge them. THEY want to be famous and with this fame comes responsibility.   If you are a major asshole to anyone while being famous, do you really think it would be all like: "Well they are humans!" if it was a football player or whatever?   It is not. If you want to be famous its inevetible that you get judged by people that dont know you, for actions you do not think about. Sorry but welcome to the real world. This is no "Iamfamous! I can do whatever!"   Think your actions through, THEN act. Dont be all douchy on your stream or whatever, just because you think you are at home. There are people watching. You dont fap infront of your stream (intentionally) because you know that would be.. well.. not ok! Same for raging, flaming and everything else.   On another note, people should judge, thats their job too. Sure there are those: "I hope you die because you said retard! i dont like that!"-people, but just be rational: These are EVERYWHERE. Thats not a problem of the community itself, neither it's a problem of esports. Thats reality   Humans are assholes.
1	Literally stated almost verbatim in what I wrote: the analogy is far from perfect. I was not trying to equate the league community with pro players. I'm saying that part of what makes league fun is the competitiveness, which also applies to sports (at least from my perspective). And when people don't take that competitiveness seriously, it just makes the game frustrating for other people.   As for my
1	I remember when my friend hit a baby deer with her car and she just wanted to leave it on the road to die. I made her stop the car, I got out and approached the animal. Legs askew not a single one was left in place, its rib cage crushed like paper. It looked up and me and mewled a cry of distress. Shh little deer no more tears. Then I snapped it's neck.
1	I'm sure they're probably already considering this over at Riot, but instead of nerfing/buffing champs, wouldnt it be more logical to buff/nerf items instead?   For example, give the pure AD items a little more AD, like change the BF sword to +55AD over +45, this would improve the ADCs strength in mid game and allow them to compete with the damage that supports now deal. Another change I would propose would be to add a lower class % armour pen item that built into the Last whisper, this would help deal with the free armour bruisers get from masteries, or add more movement speed onto the zeal chain of items, this would allow ADCs to position and kite easier but CC would still lock them down, perhaps remove some of the attack speed to balance this or add a debuff to the item, like -15% tenacity, so CC hits them harder but they are harder to hit which let's the ADC feel a little skillful when kiting a teamfight.  (This may also shift the meta from barrier on every ADC to a lot of them taking Cleanse instead)   For nerfs, I'd start with the trinity force, building that early provides a significant damage boost to harass champions such as Lucian, Corki and Ezreal. I'd propose nerfing this by going for the sheen component, keep the mobility aspects of the item but take the sheen damage down from 200% to maybe 140%? Perhaps even lower?   If this isn't the way Riot want to take the meta then i'd have two suggestions, 1: Make the Mercurial Scimitar cost efficient to defend from untraditional supports like Annie and Fiddle and 2: Make an AD/Armour or perhaps an ArPen/Armour item, like the Wits end but for armour.
0	Hypothetical situation:  I (as a representative of a number of consumers) choose to "vote with my wallet" for more livable wages for Walmart employees. 1.5 times a month, instead of going to the Walmart, I drive an additional 20 minutes (one way) and spend an additional $50. What will be the result after one year?   For Walmart:  Walmart, beholden to its stockholders, will cut costs, probably by reducing inventory and staffing. We'll say they reduce staff from x  number of workers to  x - n  workers. Stock prices remain relatively constant, and Walmart only carries 2 kinds of rubber spatulas in the housewares dept. staffed by one employee.   For consumers:  I have spend an additional 12 hours driving to another store and have spent an extra $900 on merchandise. Additionally, instead of subsidizing  x  number of workers with welfare, I am subsidizing  x - n  workers , and supporting  n  workers entirely through the welfare system.   Long-term, yes, this could potentially lead to Walmart reducing its costs to the point of closing stores and going bankrupt, but that's unlikely. In my scenario, I would lose days, maybe  weeks  of my life driving to another store. I will pay $900 annually and my cost as a taxpayer supporting the unemployed will be constantly increasing.
0	Former Vector employee here who used to sell cutco knives, fuck those guys! Between the 4 inch cut on my hand that I recieved on my first demo I did and bleeding all over my friends parents pool deck and the CONSTANT harrassment disguised as "sales motivation" that happens, it was definitely the worst job I ever had. My parents still have the $300 knife set that they make you buy in order to get the job and they still make fun of me every time they bust em out.
0	Oh, I have a really great breast health specialist, she says that this kind of discharge can happen: it's non hematogenic (sp?) and my tests and ultrasound scans came back negative for cancer. Honestly, it started after I went on Apri birth control and appears to have abated now that I have gone off hormonal birth control.
0	If you live in the US you have nothing to worry about, if you don't you still don't have that much to worry about.   In the US the majority of guys are cut and most girls think of being circumcised as normal. It's estimated that over 80% of US men born in the 80s are circumcised, with the percent decreasing each decade since.   If you don't live in the US then all you have to worry about is the first time, if a women is in to you she'll learn to like it. It's just the normal human tendency to be uncomfortable with the unfamiliar. My buddy is uncut and lives in an area where most people are cut. He says that women always think it is a little weird the first time, but no big deal. I would assume same would be true in the opposite scenario.
0	Story time. I'm from a military family, my father served and my brother is currently enlisted. I grew up respecting the offer that these people have made to exchange their lives if need be (preferably using the enemies lives instead, whatever). I'm a civie and proud of my families service to offer what I can not.  That was backstory, now for story proper.  My wife and I married for 10 years are finally pregnant and we just found out we are having a girl. Wife wants IHOP for breakfast and anything for my baby mama, right? We go to costco after the doctors appointment for gas, first. We get there and this couple is taking up this row of pumps but when one finishes they don't pull out to the parking lot to wait for the other, they just sit there.  I wait for a few minutes, watch the guy start and then change his mind about moving and I try to encourage him with my horn.  The whole time this gas attendant in his 60s watch this and was waiting for me to react instead of telling the guy to move.  The gas attendant starts talking to me like my father (bad move, had just stopped talking to him for allowing his wife to harass my family), he tells me I could have gone to another line (I'm obviously OCD or anal retentive enough not to want to trail the hose over my car).  Also it's my day off so I'm wearing a metal t shirt with the sleeves ripped off like a douche but it's still no reason to treat me like a scum bag. So I respond in kind to his suggestion that I would look him up if I needed life advise from a "gas attendant". Oh boy this got to him. Unfortunately he said a few things that were vague threats "it's a small world you know." that scared my pregnant wife and he justified it with "I'm a Veteran!".  I didn't help make his day better by correcting him "but right now you are a gas attendant"  Since my wife was spooked and we talked to his manager.  She likes to dress in outrageous tie dye outfits on her day off, which came up.  I told I don't want him fired but he should be careful so he doesn't get arrested. Also to not be a dick to customers. Idk, it's weird. It was supposed to a joyous day but this guy attempted to ruin it. Another thing, this guy runs the local aa chapter in the area and he is a relentless dick to people with mental disabilities during the meetings.  He didn't recognize me which further diminished my respect for this guy as a human, "small world, indeed"
1	Thanks for the
1	You do know that if the Mid uses one spell to leash and then walk straight away and Bot/Top (depending on side) attacks Wolves once or twise(? :p) then walks straight away, you're only going to lose 1-2 minions :p
1	Record in spectator mode, wtf.   Shouldn't have handed off blue when Ryze was already feeding.   Should have gone for the dragon after that first Diana kill.   That standing in mid bush so that Ryze could farm... That was... that was something.   Jarvan with double buffs, wriggles and a giant's belt can 1v1 a Diana with haunting guise.   You jumped in on a fed fizz plus cait, when you were a fed jarvan plus a very weak ryze.   After ryze's quadra you should have ping spammed the hell out of the second mid tower. You let Ashe and ryze walk off without a word.   You talk too much. When you type, you make other people type back. And every second someone spends typing, they're aren't playing.   Talk less, ping more. Ryze stood in mid with 3 people coming at him, and you didn't ping him back.   Wards are for squares, right? And you're no square.   You had a sunfire, and a fm, and your team was coming, so the reasonable thing to do was bitch out while fighting nidalee because you were tanking a tower?   Start baron with no vision. GREAT IDEA.   Stop. TALKING.   "Why don't any of you go for cait?" Because they are an Ashe, Ryze, taric and lee. The only one who even has the potential to dive is lee, and he's protecting your ad.   You stole baron and lee wasn't there. That was bad of him, and it kept you from winning the game, but that's not what lost it.   Taric died before that last fight. And  then   you  started it.  That last team fight, and therefore the loss, was 90% your fault.   Should taric have been that far out alone? No.   BUT.   Should you have initiated a fight when you were down a man? No. Should you have initiated a fight without an extra body between the enemy team and your ad? No. Should you have initiated a fight without an armor aura, a heal, damage buffs and a stun? No.   Taric was dead when that fight started. Dead. Had his hp hit 0 before you dove in? No, it wasn't. But the enemy team has collapsed on him. He was not going to get out of there alive. If you had left him to die, it would have been 4v5 at your tower. You could have held them off for a bit, and if you were lucky, they might have even dived you under tower. You might have won a fight under your tower.   Actually, now that I rewatched it, Ryze didn't even get to that fight until near the end. Your chances of winning were infinitely higher 4v5 under tower and 3v5 in the middle of nowhere.   By the way, did you even buy any wards that didn't come from wriggles? At 32ish, the enemy team chased you and lee through their jungle into their bottom side tribush. As soon as you lost vision of them, you forgot they existed. This let them come at you guys from behind and squish you between themselves and the tower.   You know how that could have been prevented? 1 ward. In that bush in front of golems. You would have seen them coming and you would have run the fuck away, not lackadaisically hit the tower, and then act all surprised when their whole team, who had  just  been chasing you, suddenly reappeared.   This is a different issue from your refusal to buy wards, but it also seems like you have an attention span of 4 seconds. It's like you took "out of sight, out of mind" to the next level. "I lost vision of the enemies... They obviously gave up the chase!"   I don't know if you were just there because Ashe was still hitting the tower, but you should have just pinged her off and run away. If she stayed to die, then at least you would have got away, and lee would have followed you and  he  would have got away.   And then there was the other fight.   Ashe died because of  your  baron attempt without vision. 1 ward in that bush that lets out into river on blue side top side, and you would have seen them coming, and you could have pinged Ashe away from them, but noooooo. Wards are for squares. What could possibly have been gained from buying another ward? Better buy a... STINGER!? and leave base with gold in my pocket instead!   Also, that was a stupid baron call to begin with. "In order to get to this pit, my adc has to run through unwarded territory alone? SWEET!"   Also also, I think you wanted to go in at an earlier dragon fight with Ashe when you said "you and me ashe" when there were at least  3  of the enemy team there.   You got  lucky  because the enemy team didn't know it was just you, Taric and Ashe. I know they didn't have vision on Ryze, and maybe not of Lee. That's the only reason they ran away.   Fuck this is a lot.   Here's the thing: you're not bad. But you're certainly not good. You didn't get fed because you made some supremely awesome plays. You got fed because you cleaned up. You killed fizz because he was low from ryze and overstayed his welcome. You killed diana because she was low and recalling in a warded bush. Don't take pride in those kills. They're not things to be proud of. Anyone could have done it. That's not to say that they were bad or didn't require  some  degree of skill, but the events that transpired in order for you to get as fed as you did weren't as impressive as you seem to think they were.   The last thing is your decision making. It's not good. That baron call was stupid, starting that last teamfight was stupid, egging Ashe to join you in a dragon fight alone was stupid, sticking around their bottom tier 2 tower was stupid.   Just because you picked up a few kills and stole baron doesn't mean you were "carrying". Carrying means leading your team to victory, and doing things that win you the game. Your decision making is  not  good, which means you're never going to be able to "carry".
0	Coworker took in a counterfeit fifty, which a guy brought in and bought a slice of pizza for $1.50. She asks me when she's doing the till that night if the fifty felt weird to me, so I grab it and inspect it. Its texture felt like it'd gone through the wash, no alarm bells to me, I've done it many times. I hold it up to the light, and the strip and watermark is there. I say it's good, and that's that.   Wrong: next day, police come in when I'm getting ready to open shop. One of them holds up an evidence bag with a fifty dollar bill in it, and informs me it's counterfeit. I'm sure I turned pale, I knew it was the bill I'd inspected the night before. I thought I was going to lose my job right along with my coworker.   The officer shows me why I didn't notice. The suspect had washed a $5 bill, which leaves the watermark and strip intact. Since it was legal tender, it'll pass the pen test. Just print up a new bill, and voilà, if you did well enough you can fool us pizza plebs. They got away with it because I held it away from me, looking quickly and not noticing Grant wasn't the watermark.   We were the first shop to get hit in the area. We remembered what he looked like and he ended up behind bars quickly because he tried the stunt again at the coffee shop. Owned by my bosses.
1	I don't really flame, but I get pretty frustrated in certain roles like you say. It usually stems from thinking I'm better at a certain role than I actually am, and then rationalise my poor play as being the fault of a team mates (if only the support exerted more lane pressure, warded better, the jungle would gank more, etc.) I know deep down I made plenty of mistakes myself, but sometimes I can't quite realise what those mistakes were, and in my head it's easier to analyse others' mistakes. Playing roles that put more pressure on you to do better, like your team mates are expecting a lot from you, makes it all that much worse. My thinking is that flamers have the same reasoning, except that they have to make sure others know that it wasn't their fault.
1	I would too
1	Here's my guess:   Your champion has a flag. Let's call it "invulnerable". When you use hourglass, that flag is set to true. When hourglass ends, the flag is set to false.   So, when you use hourglass, the flag was true. The game ended right around that time, so the flag would have also been set to true. When hourglass wore off, the flag was set to false and you were no longer invulnerable.
1	This is probably an unpopular opinion and will get me burried under downvotes, but I would like to discuss of that regardless.   LP GAINS ARE IMPORTANT AS WELL AND NOT TO BE IGNORED.   Yes, you may see nearly everyone that make this kind of post say otherwise. But what do they have in common ? They are always Diamond 1 and better. Thats the top percentile of the League players, the very best one there are. And who reads this kind of post ? Bronze, silver and gold players, who represent the overwhelming majority of the playerbase. Lp gain do not matter to Diamond 1+ players become  they will climb regardless of what happens . They play hundreds of games each season and can carry nearly every low elo games by themselves, meaning they will have absurd winrates untill they get much higher.  This is not possible for everyone that actually take advice from this kind of post . They are simply not skilled enough to carry all by themselves everygame. Also, there are not so many people that can play hundreds of games. Even worse, if a high elo needs hundreds og games to reach so high while already stomping lower elo games, imagine someone that is actually already near is true rank?   So because most player, even if a bit under their real rank, will have a 50% winrate, maybe little higher if they actually are slightly better. And maybe they will play 75-100 games in the season. That means that their climbing is more gated by the LP gains that the actual MMR behind it. A lower winrate along with a lower number of games means they are much more susceptible to the random factor of soloQ. Their also means their MMR as much less chance actually reflecting their skill. And what does that player want ? Having reached his ''true'' MMR or having the rank that gives him the end season reward he thinks he deserves ? He wants the rank, probably gold for the end of season victorious skin. He does not care wether his MMR his of 2 billion or in the negatives, he just wants the reward associated with a rank and therefore, LP gains are the only thing that matters.
1	I'm not sure if I like the direction this is going in.  Here are some questions for Sion players:     What do Sion players currently like about playing Sion?   What spells of his are you satisfied with?   Which ones are you not satisfied with?   If you could change anything about Sion what would you keep and what would you get rid of?
1	I like this, seems long but doesn't take long to read actually.   Personally I like to think to not waste energy on being angry on a game that is over, or events in the current game that have happened already - they are outside the "circle of influence" to use reference. Spend energy on focusing on what you can do from now, after the bad thing happened :)
1	Thank you riot, but you don't have to do this. While the lag-issues and bugs first ocurred I was playing LoL at about 2am. Then the lags started and me and my friends began to browse the forums for infos.   Needless to say they were full of post from unbelievably stupid shitheads demanding this and that and flaming riot. Around 3am the first hotfix was online. 3. A . M. They really fixed it at THIS time! This was effin awesome! Try calling valve, EA or your electrician at 3am to fix a problem - good luck with that.   What i wanted to say is that: don't listen to the little kids demanding everything right now - you, riot, don't owe em shit! Of course we are your customers, but try going into a restaurant and be like  "WHERE IS MY FUCKING MEAL FUCKIN FAGGOTS! FUCK YOU, RITZ! KEEP YOUR SHIT TOGETHER ASSHOLES! WHAT AM I PAYING YOU (btw LoL is free to play -_-)  FOR BITCHES?????!!!!!" .   Even though your IP-Boost offer is very generous and I gladly take it: don't be too concerned with the community. They need to learn a lot in terms of ..well...everything. We all like the game and we're gonna still like and play it even if the bugfixes take a bit longer to be up.
1	I'm not sure how much Kennen you play in other lanes. He plays just like the normal lane Kennen, except that you can focus your Q on harassing more easily as you don't have to be controlling the wave. make sure to max his W first, as landing an auto and activating W is far more stable damage than landing skill shots.   He's really mediocre as a support outside of laning with Kalista. They work extremely well together as she can toss him in for the knock up, and he can ult to stun. A very lethal cc chain.   Make sure to be abusing his W passive. You can auto attack minions to stack it up, then use the proc on a champion, then activate W for maximum harass. You can even use this to get stuns. If you land a Q while you have your W proc ready, they have to stay out of your auto attack range, or you earn a stun, which should result in a LOT of harass landing on them from your adc.   His biggest pro is being an energy champion. Your resource sustain is amazing, so you can out harass most other supports. But compare him to a support like Annie. Their Q's have very close base damage, but hers is targeted (The difference being that hers is a guaranteed hit, but Kennen's has far better range). Annie's W has far higher base damage on the activate. Though add in Kennen's passive on the W and they probably equal out, though you have to be consistently auto attacking to do that, and your adc may want to freeze the lane. Annie's stun is far better than Kennen's too. It lasts longer, and it's just every 4th spell rather than having to land 3 marks on a target.   Most supports are better picks than Kennen for nearly every reason. His CC is situational and has to be setup (Outside of his ult, which is really easy to stun with). His base damage is decent, but not amazing, his AP ratios are decent but not amazing. The only real reason I can see to play him is that he pairs amazingly with Kalista. His engage is amazing, but so are plenty of other supports like Annie and Leona.
0	My girlfriend is like this too. I started feeling bad when I would finish and she wouldn't. So I started making sure I got her off at least once before the proper fucking began.   It was like night and day difference. If I finger her to orgasm before we start fucking, on occasion she has cum like 2 or 3 more times during the sex. But if we just start fucking right away, the same technique, the same stuff, it takes her FOREVER.
0	Had an ex try and break it off with me a few times.. I think. It's only looking back later I realised they were even attempts. At the time I thought we were just discussing problems etc but really she was just continually losing the nerve.   In the end  I  had to walk  her  through breaking up wit hme - we were fighting and it finally clicked, suddenly just asked "Wait a minute... do you want to break up with me?". Face said the rest. I really didn't want to but I've never seen the point when one person wants out - hanging about in relationships like that just lead to the person getting less and less attached until stupid things like cheating/etc happen.
0	I had 15mg of that and 2 coronas and I blacked out, broke my front tooth (skate "boarding"). And that was less than 24h after Acid for the first time.
1	I feel like adding though that while #10 is true, there is more to it than that.   The jungler's job is to get you FED, not to win your lane.  If you are going even against your opponent that is perfect.  The jungler comes in and suddenly you are winning.   If you are 5 deaths down, and their jungler hasnt even BEEN in your lane... I'm not helping you.  I probably can't save your lane.
1	That moment when i bought all my champs and runes and everything with IP.
0	girl is short 15 cents. guy gives her a quarter (25 cents). now she has 10 cents more than needed. she pays, and receives 10 cents in change.
0	It's all an illusion. The real Reddit will never be seen by us mere mortals.   It's kind of like the Matrix but just different enough to not get sued.
1	I'd propose a mobile app allowing you to :     connect to your account   chat with friends   access the shop and buy things   manage runes and masteries   manage item sets   browse the news   browse the forum   review tribunal cases
1	At this point, it really doesn't matter. The validity of any tournament is called into question with this, and with the crashes of the game in CLG.eu and WE, no one really has a legitimate claim that they won the tournament within a reasonable doubt.
1	In the overall scheme of things, every game matters. Is it a normal blind pick game? You might be dealing with someone who just dinged 30 or someone who doesn't have enough champions for draft pick. I promise, they take their games seriously as much as anyone playing ranked. Is it a normal draft pick game? You're probably playing with people too inexperienced for ranked or people who are just trying to farm some IP for runes. They obviously want to win, so they'll be taking the game seriously.   Of course, with any game type, you'll have trolls/ragers/feeders/quitters. But if you're playing normal blind pick and you're trying out a new champion, as long as you're not an asshole about it and you aren't intentionally feeding, I don't think your team would mind.   My worst insta-rage moment is when I'm trying my damnedest to win a normal game (blind pick or draft pick) and some asshole on my team (who has probably fed like a boss or been a general prick the whole game) says "Who cares, it's only normal". Some of us actually care about winning for any of the aforementioned reasons.
0	Your boss is a fucking idiot.   Yes, green can chill you the fuck down. It can also cause massive amounts of paranoia. Speaking as someone who occasionally suffers from panic attacks (To the degree where I cannot leave the house or I shut down in public), throwing green at it, whilst it sounds like a good idea, is a fucking stupid idea. Can you imagine what that paranoia would be like?   So yeah. Good guy boss? Sure. Idiot? Oh by the gods, Yes. Sometimes I fucking hate the smoking community. You were probably calmed down more by the dude sitting with you then the green in the brownie.
0	She lives 5 hours away from me, I dont get to see her that often  :/   I got to spend time with her this past weekend, and dont worry, indulgence occurred.   But now I wont get to see her until the second weekend in february.
1	Every discussion about any champ is fine! From reading your post, i noticed that you note the strong points about Vayne, but you don't mention many (and she has many) of her weaknesses.   First of all, she has a bad laning phase. Short attack range and bad trading early (unless she gets three shots off, which is rare without taking too much return damage) makes you almost lose every matchup (if both botlanes are equal in skill).   Secondly, Vayne has a short attack range in teamfights. You say that, if she has a strong frontline, she can survive everything. The fact is, she is actually almost IN the frontline. There should be ample chances to get some CC on her, and when you do, she is so close to everyone that you can jump on her. That is why she got stealth in her kit, which can be counterplayed by pinks, so always have a spare pink to use on her in teamfights and get some of that CC landed (non skillshot CC should be considered in champion select).   Three, Vayne has some of the worst wave clear in the game (unless she gets Shiv). If the rest of their team comp doesn' t have waveclear to compensate, group early and push down objectives. She can't do anything against it.   Summary: Vayne is very strong in ideal matchups, but can be shut down in lane by hard CC and trading/pushing matchups. Get pinks and CC to shut her down in teamfights and siege objectives when possible.
0	Sometimes I feel the same way. Everyone around thinks I'm one of the nicest people ever, and I try very hard to be. (In IT support) I find it much easier just to accomplish tasks myself. I want to be able to delegate and I think its a necessary skill for the future. Sometimes I also just find it easier to complete the task than try to explain all of the intricacies.
1	aggressive. early ganks, going for that snowball. the risk you run is that not all lanes are "gankable" and the higher elo you go the more skill is required to get those ganks. often time at higher elo you cant just expect to outplay, you have to out-setup the gank, running exhaust on your top lane is the easist but not always best route to run, if you dont have that king of assured-Q / damage route to get your early gank then you might not want to start dorans. there are so many things that you need to adapt to as a jungler that its impossible to just say "do this, it always works" because the truth is theres nothing that always works. but, if you CAN do dorans you should, always. its so amazing of a start, you can clear jungle decently and in exchange for slightly weaker clear you get an INCREDIBLE increase in gank damage, ganks that would otherwise force people to heal will instantly RAPEKILL them. its amazing and i love it. riven and lee sin are both super amazing early damage champs, lee sin has a bunch of things that scale with ad, riven has her passive, and her W and Q which both deal crazy damage and cc.
1	BotrK gives Tristana a huge power spike the moment she acquires it, but from there on out its all downhill. BotrK simply leads up to a bad building path compared to IE as the first item.   Let’s say you get BotrK first, what then? You could get IE, but those two doesn’t synergize very well together, the combo of IE + PD is usually stronger.   You could get PD or Shiv, which seems to be the most usual path to go after BotrK. It gives you an extreme pushing power (especially if you max E). Your overall damage is alright even though your crits does not hurt at all. I still think IE+PD hits harder (but it costs more also, I’m aware, but still worth it IMO).   And further on IE +2 items deals more damage than BotrK +2 items. You need those crits to hit hard with Tristana.   As for the self-peel BotrK gives you; its good. But Tristana dosent lack self-peel. Also, due to her rather slow and clumsy walk animation she is hard to kite with.
1	This is what I miss from HoN and Dota, that you could run a supporting hero in almost whatever lane and role and still go carry mode. I miss my Soul Reaper :(   And I want there to be more supportive items that help the team that actually will be worth getting. The locket of Iron Solari are just to weak in my opinion and I've hardly seen anyone buy it. 230 more hp at lvl 18 aint much. I will use the Dota couterpart were the Mekansm is very viable and rushed in most of the games, ofc is the worth of this item so much higher in Dota because of the hp pools generally being lower then in LoL.
1	As a hockey player this is how I see it: You have to learn how to skate before you can puck handle, because puck handling would be easier if you didn't have to think about skating. Then, from there you have to practice puck handling without looking at the puck. If you have your head down, you will never get past a decent defender. Once you can skate, and puck handle efficiently, you can begin to worry about puck/body placement. That way you can protect the puck, and still have awareness. Now that you are efficient on your own, you can begin to work on passing and shooting. Without the basics of skating, and puck handling, you would not be able to receive, pass, or shoot the puck efficiently. The similarities to league would be, csing, then lane awareness, and then full-map/game awareness. Once you don't have to think about csing (becomes natural, just like skating) you can start to pay attention to how your opponents are playing because their movements telegraph what information they have, or possibly what their next move is going to be.
1	The only time I find it appropriate to gloat is when someone else starts it. For example, earlier I had a game where an Ahri got a double kill from a bad tower dive and said "you noobs are pathetic, GG easy game" from that point on we proceeded to steamroll their team because they weren't actually good. And everyone spent the rest of the game mocking the Ahri because she played pretty poorly.
1	Not really. I'm in bronze, and whenever I queue up for normals I get matched against platinum and diamond players. I lose lane pretty much every single time. I lose the game a lot of the time. It is fun about 0% of the time.   Riot pls, match me against players my own skill level. I've been getting matched against diamonds and plats for MONTHS and I lose 80% of my games due to getting outplayed really hard. Your matchmaking system is BROKEN.
0	Obligatory: Obvious troll is obvious.   But, and I feel weird admitting to this, I'll bite.  Let's get into this, shall we?  Let's start with your conclusion:   "...traditional gender roles were not made to 'oppress women'"   Alright.  Got that out of the way.  Any evidence to back that up?   "...rather the most effective way for society to divide labor/tasks."   So OP's belief is that, given our society's evolutionary arc, certain tasks were delegated to specific genders as a means to the tasks being completed most "effectively".  Fair enough.  I can get down with that.   Wait, haha, hold on.  My bad.  That's utter and complete bullshit.  I Googled literally one thing and this is what came up.  The fifth sentence from the article:   "We must reject other attributes said to be naturally feminine, like the ability to care for babies, change their nappies, nurse them when they are sick, oversee their development and education etc. These things, men are just as capable or performing."   A little further down in the passage:   "...evidence suggests that it was women who were the early agriculturists, not only, making vessels for gathering surplus food but also cultivating crops by means of early tools, such as digging sticks and hoes. At this stage, hunting for meat was a peripheral activity, which only men could afford to experiment in, women being involved in the day-to-day feeding of herself, her milk- producing capacities and her young children."   And the section ends with this glorious little piece of shut your mouth:   "It would seem that men did not become more rich and powerful because of their superior strength, but because they were not tied by the hour-to-hour work of providing for the foetus and young children, and were indeed supported by women. This freed them for other things."   Keep in mind, the author is talking about the very basis of sexism and oppression.  Meaning his time frame is over several thousands of years ago, when we were still hunters/gathers.  (Lots of time has passed since then.  Women could only vote 90 years ago, because clearly suffrage would've been an improper "division of labor"!)   This article, and I'm sure there are many, many more, states that the reason oppression began was because men were actually USELESS back in the day.  All they did was impregnate the women and hang out.  It allowed them free time to go figure out this whole (patently unnecessary) "hunting" and "pillaging" and "ruling" thing.  Once they achieved power (because come on, I'm not saying that men weren't always PHYSICALLY bigger than women) they realized that, "Hey, this shit is pretty cool."  Thus: oppression.  The article continues to cover reproductive right control, witch hunts, labor (employment) control, and so on.   It's conclusion is simple: "The basis of women’s oppression lies in her vulnerability during pregnancy and childbirth."  Since during pregnancy and childbirth there is a good two-to-three months that the woman is extremely vulnerable.  That essentially "useless" (in today's capitalistic economy) time gap allows(ed) men to develop careers, discover things, and think about other shit.  (Reminder: Women could and can do all that influential stuff too!  Men just never have another human growing inside them to worry about.  Or the continued existence of our species to be responsible for.)   The article goes on to point out a huge contradiction between capitalism and the idea of the "necessary next generation of workforce".  We need new workers from both genders every generation, but women are the only gender with the responsibility to produce those workers.   I digress.   Point being:  The exact OPPOSITE of what OP decreed is actually how "traditional gender roles" were created.  There was never a cognitive "division of labor" between the sexes due to convenience.  There have been THOUSANDS of years between back when the idea of "effective labor division" could actually mean anything and now.  The only actually reason for sexism is precisely that: sexism.  Well, sexism, fear, insecurity, and a bunch of other shit that makes me feel terrible to think about.  Introspection of modern society sucks sometimes.   Source:  (Just so no one calls me out, that was a published article back in 1990.  And also, please, OP's a huge douche.  He probably thinks PUAs are good people.)
1	One is a color commentator and one is play by play, it's comparing apples to oranges, Kobe and Jatt are color commentators primarily meaning their job is to analyse, and explain what happened after the fact, while Riv and Phreak are there to explain what is happening the the moment, akin to in EU where Jkap and Quickshot are color commentators and Joe and Deman are play by play guys.
0	My brother lost his job and and couldn't find one for more than a year.  He turned to drugs to help with his depression (and one of the reasons he couldn't get a job).   My parents and I tried to help him over and over.  Bailed him out of jail a couple of times, and REALLY helped his fiance and daughter through the whole thing.   In February of last year my house was broken robbed, but there was no sign of break in.  Jewelry, money, and pills were taken.  I assumed my wife had left our backdoor unlocked (she has a habit of forgetting) and I assumed some scumbag kid stole from us.  I did find it odd the xbox, computer etc were still in the house.  A few weeks later my parents noticed a lot of jewelry and other valuables missing.  No sign of break in.  Apparently my brother had stolen a set of my parent's key and it had my key on it as well.   Of course at that point my parents cut off communication with him.  He went on a massive downward spiral, almost died once and came crawling back for help, but my parents weren't willing to do much more than moral support.   To the best of my knowledge he got off the drugs and started working day labor to pay bills.  He moved in with a friend, and started drinking pretty heavily.  He just traded one vice for another.   The night he died he had been told by a girl he was seeing that she was going to go back to her husband (sounds healthy), and it sent him into a drinking binge.  He went to a bar and got so drunk the bar had to call the paramedics to revive him.  The paramedics let my brother walk out of the bar when he refused treatment and my brother killed himself by laying on some railroad tracks.   There isn't a day that goes by that  I don't wish I could have done more for him.  Maybe let him sleep on my couch.  But I had a 5 year old autistic child  and a pregnant wife to look after and could not allow that behavior in my house.  I miss him everyday, and his death has done more harm to my family than his reckless life ever did.
1	Shen just got a buff, and i still feel shen is a trash tier champ.   Yes i ate my words when scarra played shen ina pro match, but even as well played and well farmed as he was, shen did not have the damage damage output as another character would have, like whoever he might have played in games 1 and 3.
0	Ok, I laughed. If Reddit has taught me anything, it's that people can make themselves believe anything.   You just broke my irony gland.   > Your argument doesn't work - you have laws in place that are going against the Constitution as it is - in fact the final quote you replied to - I'm sure the killing of a US citizen without due process goes against the constitution - It runs contrary to constitutional guarantees protecting persons accused of crimes. So please explain to me how this is a 'cold hard fact'   So what you're arguing against isn't that things are unconstitutional, it is that the Constitution is being ineffective? I'm confused as per your position.   > Are you suggeting you are in favour of the assassination of US citizens without due process? Quite interesting.   So, if an American killed your entirely family and then ran off to Syria where the Syrians refused to let him be extradited, you'd be fine with it?
1	Originally upvoted because I play Karma...then downvoted when the
1	Riot already has a show it's called Patch Rundown and was inspired by
0	Catagorically incorrect.  While the human mouth carriers many hundreds of strains of micro-organisms, these are native to the human body.   Bacterial strains carried in cats' mouths commonly causing infection:   Pasteurella, Actinomyces, Propionibacterium, Bacteroides, Fusobacterium, Clostridium, Wolinella, Peptostreptococcus, Staphylococcus, Streptococcus   Bacterial strains carried in dogs' mouths commonly causing infection:   Staphylococcus, Streptococcus, Eikenella, Pasteurella, Proteus, Klebsiellam Haemophilus, Enterobacter, DF-2 or Capnocytophaga canimorsus, Bacteroides, Moraxella, Corynebacterium, Neisseria, Fusobacterium, Prevotella, Porphyromonas.   Google a couple of those bad boys + infection and see what pops up.  Meningitis, osteomyelitis, tenosynovitis, abscesses, pneumonia, endocarditis, and septic arthritis are also caused by bites from cats or dogs.   sources:
0	Take literally five minutes to read any scholarly work on the topic of privilege and you will understand why this is a fundamentally incorrect point of view.   Black History Month is important because the rest of the time we teach White History in our classrooms and in our everyday interactions. White History is embedded, and by creating a time to specifically focus on Black History, we can combat that institutionalization.   Subsequently, a "whites only" event is completely different from a "Black History Month" (1) because an event and a month are different and (2) because we do have Whites Only events. They happen every single day. Just because you don't call them "Whites Only" doesn't make it any less true that Blacks are systematically discriminated against and often left out of many events, schools, governments, etc.
1	I am personnaly Happy that Linak is staying suspended.   Played a normal draft where he was jungling, he just   flamed all the game long and threatened (?) me after the   game cause he was streaming and telling me to give him my   facebook cause he want to give me a "present".
1	Personally i disagree. I do agree veigar got overnerfed however the nerf on his E is well deserved, the E skill is the only thing i don't wanna see buffed(maybe sligh delay decrease). Yea, E is slow(still faster then nami Q) but still a strong AOE stun and it still is a strong skill.
1	This is something that a lot of teams have started doing. It really goes back to the old sustain farm bot lane and why it was so successful.   If bot lane can just sit in lane and farm with wards to make sure they're not going to be ganked, it just becomes a farm fest and pointless for a jungler to go there.   This makes mid or top. If you have a mid with good escapes / high mobility, it means you don't have to baby sit their lane either.   So what the Jungler will end up doing is just camping top and making one person their target and making them useless (low levels or just making them scared to get into a fight).   It worked every time TSM did it and it works when teams like MM and m5 did it was well. Which is why I cringed everytime I saw a jungler other then m5 pick mundo, they don't Gank well with them and he becomes useless is team fights.
1	You'd have more success comparing Sejuani and Ammumu rather than Nautilus.   They all fit into a similar disrupt tank role though. So if you like the playstyle you should be rejoicing instead of complaining. This means you will more than likely have a higher chance to play that role in your games.
1	Like I mentioned, you don't need to have an unfair, undeserved favouritism broadcast for TSM just because they are the english team. (Keep in mind this is an international english broadcast, not just for americans- Also there are many 'americans' that are fans of other teams).   A lot of people like myself would have preferred TSM to win but have an objective broadcast. But at the same time, I'm a fan of the GAME more so then any individual TEAM. I don't want to hear how all game how TSM is the greatest thing since slice cheese. Just like I wouldn't want to hear the same for Azubu on the korean broadcast.
0	Got a draft going. On a plane though. I'll deliver when I can.   Here's what you get for now.   Alright, fuck, just FYI. No one know this, so hopefully only 6 or 7 of you will read it.   This story is like a piece of my soul now.   So, life onboard a carrier gets pretty monotonous on the backs end of deployment. And when you work nights, there's nothing to do but stand watch, think, and work out.   I honestly don't know why the fuck I was so sad. But Jesus, I would sleep from 7 to 7 (12 on 12 off) sleep in the shop, just generally unable to move and continue on with my life.   I had gotten it into my brain that the best solution would be to just off myself. No one would really miss me (wife ha sent me an email detailing how stupid I was and that she was divorcing me) and it wouldn't matter all that much because all my gear was working and maintenance was good.   Well, now was the question of how to do it. If you've ever been in the middle of the ocean you know that it's the most beautiful thing there is, and due to my job I had to go aloft (up the mast) to work on antennas where it was even more gorgeous. I realized that the only way to go would be to launch myself from the 211' and aim for the water. If I timed it right with the sway of the ship, I could miss the flight deck entirely and nail the water. In the off chance that I would survive the 300-400 foot fall, hypothermia would take over and I'd be done in a few minutes.   So we had the how, now we need the when. Going aloft was a tricky process because of the radars, them suckers would cook me before I got where I wanted to be and that just couldn't happen. I had to wait for a drill we call a DIW (dead in the water) where we turn off all electronic equipment and float like a dead stick, no lights, no nothing. These lasted usually a couple of hours so it would be perfect. Being in combat systems with mission critical equipment, I knew the schedule of these drills, and I had a shop up on the O10 (top level of the island, right outside the airboss's tower) so it was perfect.   We were all set. Next Wednesday would be the last day of my life. Over the week I got my affairs in order, made a will, mailed some letters, and drafted my note.   The day had finally come and the whole department was gearing up for the DIW. I requested to be up in my shop during that time for some bullshit reason or another, chief was cool with it and I spent the rest of the day chilling, indulging in simple stuff like fresh brewed coffee and chocolate.   ETA 20 minutes. I was nervous. Really nervous, my brain started reeling about what would happen after I jumped. Would I get that euphoric skydiving feeling for a few seconds or would I spend it in worry. I pushed these thoughts from my head and grabbed my foul weather jacket and waited at the hatch for the lights to go out.   With a crash they were out and so was everything else. I opened the hatch and hopped out onto the sponson to start my ascent.   About halfway up I noticed something. The mast was moving. It always swayed a little but it was vibrating in a way I hadn't felt before. I pressed on. It could have just been something that happens with the radars when they're turned off.   I reached my destination, walked out on the platform and looked out at the beautiful ocean under the brightest moon I had ever seen. Maybe it was because of what I was about to do, or maybe I was high from the rush of climbing without a harness, but it just looked so much more...everything.   I sat on the edge and hung my feet over the side. I looked down. There it was. My sweet blue release. The time was approaching. Then I felt it again. Freaking vibration. Up here, there's no Way it could be the radar. I figured I had about twenty minutes or so til it was time to go. And I wasn't about to let tho little mystery go unsolved.   Staying low I went to investigate.   I came to what I though was the source of it. The dome where my antenna was.  so wait, my gear is vibrating  "what the fuck."   I open the hatch and I can hear it vibrating but because of how dark it is My visibility is ZERO.   ** Ok. This is where it gets goddamn weird, like weird as fuck. I still can't even fucking beGIN to explain it. If you don't believe it, you can go fuck yourself.   I fumbled around on the dome floor until I got to the antenna base (you know, the part responsible for azimuth). It was vibrating constantly, few seconds on few seconds off, it didn't feel very strong but it was Mounted to the hollowed out steel that is the mast, so this had to be it and the vibration was just traveling through.   The base had a little hatch with thumb screws so I undid them and reached inside. I still don't believe what I pulled out.   It was the Loch Ness monster!   Nah just fucking with you, it was an iridium. An iridium is a satphone that works anywhere in the world, and the only thing that works in the middle of the ocean. I didn't know these stupid things had vibrate.   It was ringing, someone had been calling it constantly for at least the past 40 minutes. So in proper navy speak I answered.   "Hi this is ET3 Romney onboard USS CARRIER CVN"   "Mitt is that you?" Some woman was speaking on the other line. A voice I did not recognize and knew my ducking name.   "Who the fuck is this?"   "You're late so I don't have much time. You know me, but not as I am now, I'm still little. Please don't do what you're about to do. Put the phone back and get down to the shop before the DIW ends"  click   WHAT IN THE FUCK. I was reeling, what the hell just happened, who the hell was that. There's no way it could be... No. No way. That's not possible. The one thing, the only thing that made sense I pushed from my head cause of the absurdity of it.   I had one friend on the boat but hadn't  told him of my plans. Somehow he must have known. So now, pissed off, I had to get to the bottom of this. I didn't put the phone back because fuck that. I buttoned up the antenna and climbed down as fast as I could. As I got back to the shop the lights came on and the iridium was burning in my pocket. I picked up the note I had written and decided I better go find my buddy, we'll call him hutch. I radioed into central comm and told them all the gear came back on and asked if they had seen hutch.   "He's in main comm."   I hurried down all 7 decks down and 100 or so frames and came to the maincomm door. I punched in the code I wasn't supposed to have and burst in.   "Hey is hutch in here"   "Yeah man, check by the patch panels."   I pulled the iridium out. Walked over to hutch and handed it to him.   "What the fuck man! How did you know anything and what the fuck, who the fuck was that?"   He just stared at me like a crazy person and picked up his radio. "Hey IT1, you guys missing a satphone?"   "Yeah it's been gone all day, did you find one?"   "No, Romney did. Said he found it in a p-way, can you check the numbers that called it?"   "Yeah, we have to since its been missing more than 8 hours"   Hutch looked at me, saw I was freaking out. He spoke finally. "I don't know what just happened, or what you think I did. But let's go find out."   We walked into IT1's office and were greeted by CS1s divo(division officer) , he was a very loud. Very obnoxious. Very large black man.   "Where'd you find this Romney? Huh? You out there makin calls on our dime? You know it's emergency only right? Maybe I should call you divo. Somebody going to mast over this."   "P-WAY CWO. you know I won't be going to mast. CSIO (combat systems informations officer) loves me."   "Yeah, that true. She'll probably trump any charges. I'll getcha one of these days" he punched my arm. Did I mention he was obnoxious?   "Yeah, looks like a number out of Boulder, CO. Romney where you from?" IT1 said from his desk.   "Illinois. I know absolutely no one west of Missouri" which was 100% true.   "Hutch? Where you from?"   "Seattle. I don't even know where Colorado is." Which was also true. Hutch was crazy smart but didn't know anything outside of math and science. Cause he didn't care to.   "Well, we'll figure it out, thanks for returning it." IT1 said and we left main comm.   Me and hutch talked about it for a little while and I told him what happened. He really didn't know what I was taking about.   He punched me as hard as he could in the face. I felt like Walt. We were in the shop on the O10 so no one could see or hear what was going on. He yelled at me "you selfish motherfucker, what about your kid, you're such a cunt. Why the fuck would you do that.   "Dude I'd be lost at sea shed be taken care of, we have crazy insurance"   "She needs a fucking dad" and he opened the hatch and left. But before stepping out he said "I don't know what the fuck or who the fuck that was. But you're an asshole, think about your kid. She needs you more than money." He slammed the hatch and I bawled.   One thing I haven't told you, is at the time, I had a baby that was about 1 year old at the time. She was awesome and I thought for sure she of all people would be better off with the insurance money than with me around.   Hutch gave me a lot to think about. And I stayed up that day just trying to sort my life out. Thinking about what to do and how to accomplish it. That night always in the back of my mind.   I called the wife and told her to wait til I got back to get rid of me, that I had changed from the sack of shit I was and to just give it a couple months with the new Romney and see how things went.   I really did change myself because of hutch and that night.   NOW, if you've stuck with me this far stay with me a little longer.   I got out of the navy shortly after that deployment and moved back to my hometown. Got a job and settled down. The wife stayed and things were going decent. That night slipped further and further into memory until it was almost forgotten.   One day, we were at my in-laws and my wife got a call. Turns out that she has a grandmother in COLORADO. (No shit. I had no idea) This grandmother wanted to give us her house when she died. My mind raced around to that night in my head. Still unable to place the pieces together.   We moved to CO and are waiting on getting the house, in BOULDER.   There is only one other person I will tell this story to, And that's my daughter, and I think you know why.   Edit:  it's finished. No
1	Well, until you find your own mistakes you wont get any higher on the ladders unless carried. So many pro players say that grind games, you will get better by that. It's not true. You will be better if you can relate things like why did that guy buy that item with that champion? Why is it good and why not? These realizations can make you think differently about some champions or item builds. I can say you exact things at the moment, I dont remember any, but I know I learned some things from others... Wait, still and e.g.: I never bought any defenses with Assassins saying, why do I need it, I'm an assassin?! And then I realized I might be strong enough to burst down anyone, but my farm is bad, and later, when the enemy gets 1-2 kill as well, they are going to be better.
0	But then how else would the spouse get paid to stay at home?   Source - I'm from a small town where you either went to college or the military. Most of my buddies took the latter of the two options, joined right out of high school. The worst stories I ever heard from them were about the crazy spouses of one person or another. I always asked why they were married/with them in the first place. And the story would generally go something like, "got pregnant, then decided to get married for the extra pay. Now I can't get rid of him/her (the spouse, not the child).
1	Personaly I found its level 1-10 that is filled with smurfs, most non-smurfs at that level simply play bots. Got a few smurfs for the same reason as you, to play with a friend who just started, but when  I personally just started, the friend who made me start made a smurf, and he wasn't particularly good, honestly from hes skills I would say he probably belonged to 800 elo, but from that, he told me the philosophy of a lot of players at that elo, they all think they don't belong there, and that they can't get out, so they make a new account to start back to 1200 elo, and of course has to level that account. So
1	Here's an idea. How about we stop having a subreddit controlled by the mods, but by users. The users are the ones that post the content that is relevant to the subreddit. This is totally relevant to League of Legends. League of Legends is the most popular streamed game EVER.   Now that there are only 2 platforms upon which a new player can stream on, Destiny's article provides a very real world example. Not only the users streaming themselves but supporting their favourite streamers, how do they know that the subscription money they're giving is actually going to the streamer?
1	Alex would splitpush, then get caught by 2 people and die. This is on Galio btw.   Then, Darien would splitpush, get caught by 1-2 people, and die. This was on Aatrox.   Basically, Genja was ahead in lane but threw it away (as per usual) and Alex was getting shat on mid because he picked unconventional Galio. Aatrox was getting beaten by Kennen, but he pulled it back and CS was roughly even.   Diamond couldn't make plays happen like he wanted to because its jungle Eve and the tankiest thing they had on the team was an Aatrox with Bloodthirster + Bulwark. Alex wasn't even a factor because Peke had his Zhonyas long before Alex had his first item, which was a sunfire vs. Lissandra and Kennen (who, in Alex's defense, was building AD. But then again, it's kennen, who is still doing mostly magic damage)
1	Tell me about it.   I decided to play this night (3:30 AM here) and do a quick draft normal game.   I was second pick,decided to go ADC but they said they were premade and I should let them play adc/supp,I was like "okay..." and locked Orianna. (I would say she is my best champion,I was 10 - 0 with her in ranked at some point,which I consider good <3)   Then the game starts and they say they are all premade,I was like "great,more communication = win" but turns out they are a "random" premade = 2 friends randomly picked up 2 more players etc   I was 4 / 0 against Janna mid,easy lane,then it begins.   Vayne dies,and says "Just wait until I get back to lane... >:)" in all chat ,needless to say,she went back to lane and died again.   I was like "oh right,this is why I hate bot premades" but didn't say anything,I was going to carry anyway. Ori OP   PS: This is starting to get too long,I'll just finish this here; Bot lane fed like 15 kills to enemy Lucian and Riven top was 0/7 against Cho gath,we lost.
0	I think it depends on what you mean by "paying". Not everyone values money the same. I know little about Mary Kay but it seems to me that... time constraints, at the very least, would be infinitely more flexible. A lot of people have trouble staring at screens for hours on end, or keeping their natural conversation/demeanor at "work appropriate" levels. Considering trade-offs like these... If you're confident enough in your product and ability to sell it, perhaps "money down" is a solid option. You don't have to deal with dress codes?, potential managerial bias... etc. etc.   Regardless, benefits usually require you to pay in different ways... Certainly you do have to pay money into them every month... As well all the strict regulations that usually go along with a "9-5" job.   So maybe he's being purposefully obtuse, but you're being a huge dick for judging the person doing this for income. Why risk posting in "defense" of your company if it's not something you enjoy doing or doesn't make sense for you?
1	Yeah, I know. As soon as I got to lvl 30, I already watched a lot of streamings, was reading several threads and guides, and to be fair it didn't even took that much of my time to figure out the roles in the game, global objectives and stuff.   Yet, it seems that several other players just can't help themselves. 90% of my gamer I go as support, doing a nice job, but the rest of the team just can't cope. And in the few occasions where they do win their lanes and enter in mid/late game a step ahead, the teamfight cordination, proper positioning and goals just don't exist.   Take dragon for instance: when you have a good team and proper warding, you make a call on dragon, your team mates secure the position, and you get it uncontested. But suffice to say that it doesn't happen often; I have to BEG for a dragon/tower/baron at right times...   Well, the list goes on till infinite. I won and lost about 200 elo in a single day because of those things.
1	I've gotten to gold 4 with the vast majority of my games being karma either top or mid. You have 3 ults that do 3 different things. If you play like one is the best that should be used all the time and another is the worst and should never be used, you aren't playing her right. Each bonus has it's own ideal situations that it should be used in. When sieging and trying to poke from afar, your mantra'd Q along with a self shield to get yourself into position, and you start widdling down their health bars. Once a fight breaks out, you have your options open to how you want to play out the battle. Mantra Q will give you the best shot at nuking one of their squishies, and the slow can open up opportunities for your teammates to move on them. Mantra W is great for when one enemy is seperated from their team and you want to have a 1v1 duel with them, the damage is not to be underestimated, mantra'd W will always deal more damage than getting just the first proc of mantra Q, only the combined two mantra Q procs will add up to being more damage than a full mantra W. The heal is incredible for baiting, either under turret or engaging on the enemy laner that is trying to finish you but has no more cooldowns or tools to use on you. Mantra E really shines in teamfights, if you wanna to sit back and play the role of crazy fed support, karma does it well - sit right next to your AD carry and keep your shield on them as much as possible. When a tank comes to get at them you can easily peel them off with your slow and your root. With enough CDR and AP they won't be able to get through to the carries you are protecting.
0	I desperately don't want children either, but I can't help myself. It's why I make sure my partner doesn't want children and is not likely to change her mind.   There are very few acts that feel as satisfying as this one, because from a biological perspective, this is literally what the biological meaning of life is. To make more life. This is the easiest and natural way to do it, and your brain knows this, and rewards you accordingly for your efforts.
1	I have tried the game, i played original dota for  years  in wc3 and play dota 2 occasionally. There are different things to do in each game. You could make a laundry list of things in each and say "look, dota is more complex", but it doesn't actually mean there is more complexity or depth the the game. Both games are so complex that we have yet to see anyone have a full understanding of either, let alone a whole team do so. I think we never will.   If you want to make the claim that "x is more complex than y", then you need to back it up and show the way you quantified each, then show that x is greater. It can't just be some BS subjective reason either. I don't think anyone can make the claim that one is more complex than the other, simply because nobody has reached the upper-bound of it in either game. Nobody has measured it, so how can you compare them with anything that holds up past a random opinion?   Dota has this idea with it that it's extremely difficult to learn and extremely complex. League has this idea that it's easy to learn and not as complex. I think that's the only 'difference' between the games when arguing this topic - the  idea . In reality, the community in general is just so much more accepting of the fact that they suck at dota, and less accepting if they suck at league, because everyone perceives Dota to be a more difficult game. Have you  seen  the ranking distribution in League? I'm in the top ~1% in NA, maybe ~2-3% worldwide. There's so many terrible things I see around my ranked in others and my own play, and that amount seems to grow exponentially as you go down the ranks.
0	goldmine for a woman"   That's not a generalization.   A generalization is a statement such as   "women do x"   The statement you quoted only raises the possiblity, it does not imply that even a majority women would use a man as her personal goldmine.   I have the feeling what you want to say is   "women are totally benevolent, and peaceful creatures who never do wrong", but you know that no one would give your line of bullshit a second thought if you were so blatant about it.   So you dress it up in mental gymnastics.   Guess what hon.   Some women are assholes and abuse men   Get over it.   I'm sure if men can take being commonly lambasted as  the  pedophiles, and  the  rapists of society, you can deal with the fact that not all women are perfect.
1	Oh, sorry, I misunderstood your question.   Ok so what are Vayne's strengths? Attack Speed, mobility and life steal.   What are Vayne's weaknesses? Squishy, needs to focus on one target, as mentioned in the above post, she needs gold and items super bad.   Attack speed is more expensive across the board. Vamp Scepter is now twice as much. Zeal and PD are losing movement speed. Those are all making things that she needs worse.   There are now more tanky items then ever, Randuins slow always procs, yet the item that Vayne relied on for tankiness (GA) got nerfed itself.   What's her other weakness? Reliance on gold. Well minion farm got nerfed as well, so that's a problem as well.
1	Minions = 25G each on average (off the top of my head). Champions = 300G each generally. 30 CS + 15 kills= 5250G 200 CS + 1 kill= 5300G   That added 170 CS upped you 14 kills worth of gold; now all you have to do is get those other 14 kills WHILE CSing and you'll have 9800G.
0	My best friend and band mate couldn't possibly be any more reasonable when it comes to religious beliefs and he's Christian. Former Catholic. I'm a non believer and we get along just fine even when debating religion and politics.   In fact he's brought up fantastic arguments against organized religion on many occasions. His belief in a deity has never been an issue because he never makes it one.   To go even one step further we used to jam with a hardcore Christian drummer who kept trying to push our music in a religious direction. This led to my taking a hiatus from the group for a while. Wasn't the only reason though.   My friend had put his foot down from the beginning and made it clear that this wasn't going to happen ever and he eventually had to part ways with him. He didn't even do it for my sake. He just didn't want that sort of element involved in our writing process.   Drummer dude was a nice enough guy otherwise, very talented, but didn't understand this his beliefs didn't override everyone else's.
0	Egad, do I hate Tool.  As a musician, I feel like I'm supposed to respect some of the technically clever parts, etc...  but Maynard is just... ughhh.   Also, once I saw a video of a fan go onstage, then maynard put his arm around the guy all buddy-buddy and sang with him for a moment before doing the weakest-ass judo throw I've ever seen and putting the guy in an ineffective choke hold.  Then his douchey fans were all, "What a badass, he choked that guy out and kept singing the song!"  Yeah? Well the guy he "choked out" kept singing the song and throwing up metal signs too!  Sorry. I also really hate his songwriting and voice.
1	I agree with OP plus some adc in low elo feels like rambo poking with autoattack then a wild j4 charges and ulti and he dies in secs
0	So I was driving about two weeks ago in a rental that I had not purchased rental insurance in, so I was pretty worried about an accident. As Im driving through this parking lot, a car makes a wide right turn into my lane and continue to drives right at me. So I let the driver get a great sample of the new cars horn, for almost causing an accident. This prompts the lady driver to want a car-car debate about how it must be my fault! To my suprise when she rolls her window down I get this little gem "Whats your problem asshole!? I HAVE A PUPPY IN THE CAR! I made a wide turn so he didn't fall, and you should have gone into the other lane!" I was flabbergasted, and I thought this couldn't get any more bizzare, but out of nowhere, this man walks over to my and, I wish I was kidding, tells me " to calm the fuck down, she has a puppy in the car" At this point I drop the logic on their head that maybe you shouldn't drive with a dog in the car, if it distracting, much like a cellphone. This ended the conversation, but holy crap what an experience.
0	Quick link...   Gaba and acetylcholine, son.  Understand pesticides produce non intuitive effects in the offspring of affected babies.  I.e. pesticide use peaked in 1982...  And all top pesticides increase acetylcholine...  Well now, your brain in smart, so it drops of excess acetylcholine creation cells   Via the reduction in capacity perennially to create and use acetylcholine...   Our other neurotransmitters are increased...  Serotonin and dopamine...   This is my theory, anyway...  Love to get some tests.  Oh wait there are a ton of studies corroborating this...
0	When I was a freshman in High School I met a navy recruiter that spent a good 2 hours talking to me about things. He was so inspirational that I wanted to join the navy just because he was so inspiring. I guess that was his job, but still. He didn't seem to have the same effect on other people.  Everyone made fun of me because I was in a dinky, close-minded, small town..and I am a girl.   I never actually joined the navy. I still want to, honestly, and as silly as it sounds. I've been successfully in college for 4 years and I have 2 degrees. I didn't slack off when joining the navy was my goal. I haven't slacked off since I realized I wasn't going to join the navy.  I'm 21 now, and I actually added it to my near future goals for real. Too old? Debatable. Stupid? Maybe.   I don't know why I decided to share this story...but I do feel your post is a huge blanket generalization. Maybe you should talk to people in different branches of the military before you decide that everyone is lazy and that you're better than them.
1	At least half a decade MINIMUM. The fact that LoL has skyrocketed the esports scene into actuality means that it has the potential to last for quite a while as a professional sport/a reasonable job.  Plus the fact that LoL has outpopularized Starcraft (lasting around 20 years) in Korea shows how popular and far LoL has gone.
0	Did not read all the comments so I apologize if this has already been said.   I am not a teacher but as I understand it, a significant portion of the school's funding depends on attendance. The powers that be use past attendance data to calculate funding distribution for upcoming years. As a result, if a student misses a lot of days in school, that figure is worked into the aggregate numbers for the school as a whole and results in lower funding for next year. The result is that the school, and that specific teacher, will have less money for programs to teach students who actually attend (and dare I say it, care). Moreover, teacher performance is also administratively lowered as a result. Real teachers, please correct me if I'm wrong.
1	Yeah. Curse early last split was just dismantling other teams until around MLG Dallas, I believe (a few big points that helped them were the prevalence of carry junglers, the Taric/J4 armor aura strat, and the strength of Miss Fortune, who was Cop's preferred ADC pick). Then Curse began to fall off for several reasons, but largely because the meta changed and they had difficulty changing with it. Somewhere in and around that point Dignitas also went on a crazy winstreak and people couldn't stop talking about how godly they were until they were actually beaten at MLG Dallas by GGU, the team considered worst at that point.   So
1	dude, learn how the system works before doing dumb criticisms...
1	Ohmwrecker is too niche of an item to have any 'real' impact on the game. Although it will help stop turtle comps with Anivia and other really good wave clearing champions, if you can get that close to the turret in the first place.   5% Tower damage reduction isn't much when it stacks damage onto you with each consecutive hit within a certain time period. It will still hit you for like 120+ dmg on the first hit. So I don't think it will affect anything in a dramatic way.   Barrier is far too weak on SR to expect too much out of it. 2s Duration with far less absorbed damage.
0	As a 'soccer' lover from southamerica, who lived in the US for several years (6), I think I can say that 'soccer' and american football are both a lot of fun.   Americans who believe that soccer is slow and boring find it so because they are used to many scores (goals) and can't stand the situation of a tie.   Soccer lovers find american football boring because it's insanely interrupted between plays.   The main difference between both games is the kind of excitement that gives a goal. In american football the (highest score) 'goal' involves a lot of build-up which culminates in the touchdown. Thus, the emotion of a goal lasts a longer time, but it is less 'adrenalinic' as the soccer goal. In soccer, a goal can happen in a matter seconds, either by a fast build-up or a counterstrike, and though the emotion is shorter, it is more explosive.
0	It's psychological. I was at the hospital recently because of a broken femur and couldn't get to the toilet. They have these urinals for cases like this. Basically a plastic bottle where you put in your penis and have at it. I couldn't do it. I really needed to pee, but I couldn't. And I couldn't get up and go to the toilet. I was rolled into surgery shortly afterwards and the doc said he would take care of my piss problem too. I had a catheter when I woke up. It's a weird feeling. You pee almost constantly. And getting the thing out sucks big time. I was able to go to the toilet 2 days after the surgery after they removed the catheter. Since getting up without help was still not possible, I ultimately managed to piss in the plastic bottle in my bed. This had the unfortunate side effect that I pissed in my own bed as I got home whilst asleep. Fuaaark.
1	You should always try to secure team objectives like killing dragon/baron, pushing towers, stealing jungle buffs etc given that you are farmed up and you have clear advantage over enemy bot lane. If there is no team objectives and too early for baron you can always try to push for second tower warding blue golem bush when you are blue side and red bush when you are purple side. It puts high pressure on enemy team's jungler and mid lane and even you don't get tower this will allow your jungler to do his stuff while their jungler will be pressured to gank bot lane. Also if your ad carry can 1vs1 enemy ad carry or can farm against two without dying you can always try roaming and ganking other lanes while ad carry farms/pushes bot. In a similar way you can push creeps hard when their first tower down and roam together but it usually ends up with stalemates at mid tower unless you have good divers.
0	When I moved into my current 4-person college apartment with an old roommate, we devised a plan to force previously dirty apartment dwellers to get their act together.   You should have seen it.. the apartment was foul. There was so much mold and mildew everywhere that the humidity levels could literally be felt the moment you walked into the room. The countertops had a mixture of dust and alcohol... the alcohol became sticky and the mixture was stuck on the countertops. There was old shit lying everywhere, disgusting burnt-cheese-filled ovens, European lamps (yes, that means the plugs were incompatible with the wall sockets here), and more than 300 liquor and beer bottles scattered around. The surfaces of the cabinets were covered with so much oil particles that even after scrubbing the shit out of it with four different cleaning products, post-it notes can't even stick onto those cabinets.   There were rat droppings aligned in the cabinets, but worse, there were cobwebs in some cabinets. The rat droppings somehow got stuck on these cobwebs, so those cabinets turned into levitating landmines of rat fecal matter. The fridge bore packets of cheese... cheese from 2012.. black cheese. And somehow, just somehow, there were cans/jars filled with food/ingredients that dated back to 2008. Considering that this is a college apartment and no tenant is permitted to stay for more than 2 consecutive years, it makes you wonder what kind of shitstorm the last 3 to 5 generations of tenants lived in. Couches covered with puke, alcohol, and what seems to be either semen or white paint.   But my old roommate and I powered through the mess. With two bottles of Lysol Antibacterial cleaner and a full can of Clorox wipes, we went through every single inch of that dreaded apartment. It took a week to get through it. We scrubbed hard and we replaced the couch. We made sure those other two roommates saw us doing it. We had to show them that we were obsessed with a clean apartment, because otherwise, they would just dirty the place up again. We printed out legitimate labels for every single one of the cabinets. No one will ever put something in the wrong cabinet. We set some "clean up after your mess" ground rules. If someone didn't do their dishes they were dropped right in front of their door. Not even leaving it in the sink.   Now, we have no problems whatsoever. Cleanest apartment I've ever been in. Spotless. Roommates all do their dishes instantly. They even wipe the counters and stoves clean after cooking. Organized cabinets. All it takes is some obsessive actions, and an iron stomach.
1	Am I the only one who thinks this is bullshit? I have recently made the step from Bronze to Silver and most of my games have been more fun closer, more action, better understanding of the game  and less trolls,, granted there are still a few but not as much as I got in bronze, took me 10 games and in promo series already hoping to win this and then see where it takes me from there :)
0	Someone had sex in your car. Just a car man how could that bother you?  It makes out smell like sex, invades your intimate space and associates it with things that are boner killers (your child having sex) AND most people don't have the best cleanliness when it comes to sex.
1	Don't think you understand the problem with scrimming semi-pro teams. The complaint Regi made was that players in NA aren't good enough/organized enough in their 5's teams to scrim against. TSM/CLG/DIG/CRS won't benefit from pub stomping amateur teams. A similar complaint was made by TSM when they first announced Ranked 5's. According to Scarra (I think, not sure who but 70-30 Scarra)  the only teams that scrim on a regular basis are TSM, CLG, CRS.   This doesn't mean teams don't want to play, but scrimmin for these pro teams are 8 hour a day scrims against teams that are competent enough to practice their strategies against. Scrubbing teams is pointless since if the other team can't get out of lane phase, there's no reason to practice strats against them.   According to Scarra (once again unsure) even some of the mediocre Korean teams were of a skill level that they could have practiced strats against.
1	I mean I see how in general a lot of people do use the same actives/spells, but I also think that there must be people like me out there who don't follow the same pattern always. Like I do have some small pattern, but I do randomly sometimes not follow it for whatever reason. Trying something new or cause of items or etc. etc. I could just see how someone could be changing the setup, and just happen to get a few more wins/losses and be called a booster.   Like if your D stops working if you spill water on it, so you change the setup for awhile. You improve and go up a few divisions, then get a new keyboard and so you can switch back. That would look suspicious.
0	First time i learned i could unsub, i ran to make an account. They will come into any heart-felt comment fest and wreck it. Believe it or not, conversations like this would happen in /r/atheism between me and an atheist. Then the hivemind would come and downvote both of us. Basically denouncing their fellow because he didnt try to put me down.
0	I once fell into a serious depression for about 3-4 months I had put on so much weight (40-50 lbs) that I only had one shirt and one pair off pants. I was so depressed I couldn't leave the house, I could barely leave my room. I didn't shower, shave, brush my teeth or wash my clothes the entire time. And one day, a great friend offered a helping hand and pulled me out of the hole I had become so cumbersome living in.   Hopefully OP's situation is different and he just loves how his pants fit or make him feel, but if it's in anyway relative to my story, then PM me anytime. I love to share my experiences and listen to other's run ins with depression.
1	I picture Rengar's binary opposite to Kha'zix's skin like this: White/golden fur, his locks adorned with jewels and gold. Perhaps covered in an armour similar in style to the Angels from Darksiders [Example](   Q: Much like the example above his sword/dagger could display a bright holy light. Quite like Kayle's legendary skin.   W: Inspired by an effect from world of warcraft called ["Holy Nova"] (   E: A Binding of pure light shoots out (Imagine a bola with 100% Brightness)   R: He would disappear in a flash of light. On the Player's screen Rengar would be pulsating with a holy light around his model. When jumping out of his Ultimate  he would appear from another flash of light
1	Riot is trying something new and fun and ffs let them try it, if it turns out to be fun, Way to go Riot! Now do more Interactions! if it fails no problem they can remove it. This game is growing and evolving, hopefully players can understand that. Not everything goes right the first time but at least allow them to try.   Personally I'm happy that the Dev's are coming up with such stuff to keep the game innovative. I'm pretty sure the people complaining about the interaction being game breaking are the same people who complain about the Meta being stale and boring items, they are just people who want to complain.(not implying the interaction has anything to do with the meta, just saying people love to complain)
1	Saying actions speak louder than words is so true! was playing a game the other day as vayne, and my team started baron without vision of the enemy team. Instead of instantly joining them and making it super obvious I went top and pushed out the wave before looping around from a weird angle to join them as the fight begins. At first my team was screaming at me to help them with baron but the quadra kill I got from the resulting fight soon shut them up.
0	Really? My mother was overweight when I was young and we still a lived happy, healthy and active lifestyle. She just had troubles with motivation for weight loss (I'm positive she had secret stashes cause we didn't really have junk in my house) but she made sure that her kids were active and ate right. Now she's in great shape and still curvy. But it's a gorgeous curvy and I'm very proud of how far she has come.   Also, while throughout teenage years, physical appearance is number one in deciding on a partner (source: I was once a teenager and went to high school, we were all shallow douchebags), I know a few larger people who are happily married (Honey Boo Boo's mom too). Just because you're big it won't mean that you can't get a relationship. If you lack self-confidence due to your size, that will negatively affect you. But if someone feels good, regardless of their size, and they dress in a flattering manner, then they will have a good chance of getting a significant other. The same goes for skinny people. I know more single skinny people than curvy/bigger/non-ideal-body-shape people (and no, I don't only befriend people who are overweight).   What children need to learn is how to live a healthy lifestyle. Being skinny doesn't mean you're in shape; and being bigger doesn't mean you're out-of-shape. It's about taking care of your body, and if children are taught to take care of themselves, then they will come to love themselves. If they love themselves, they will gain self-confidence and be more likely to go out and enjoy the world.   I'm not saying I disagree that obesity is a problem, but if a child is a little chubby, and in good overall physical condition, they can still be happy. If they are taught that they HAVE to be skinny, to look "perfect", then they will obsess about it in an unhealthy manner and possibly become shallow and physically ill as a result, although the latter may not be true in all cases. You want a child to be healthy and happy, not skinny and depressed.   The idea is that a parent should love their child no matter what,  and support their child so long as the child's behaviour is not destructive.   So,
1	The only use this post has is as an outlet for your frustrations with the people who make those posts. If those people read this post, they're not going to be impacted by your opinion.   Also, discouraging people with ideas for games has a negative impact on a community, as well as game development studios as well. If there are no idea people because they're afraid of people like you, we wouldn't get any ideas.
1	It tends to get thinner once you gain ELO, but this kind of player still dwells higher up (was Gold I in S3, matched with low Platinum. My GOD, those people are annoying). My strategy usually is to mute anyone that is typing something out of line and I immediately suggest the same to my other teammates. Of course, that doesn't mean abandoning him in the game, I still gank his lane if he's doing ok, I still try and help out, just that I will resume to communication via pings. It's more efficient and saves me the trouble of potentially making mistakes because of some bad words written by a douchebag. Oh, and yes, unfortunately, bronze league isn't about playing for your team, it's about playing for the objectives. If your team is taking objectives, then by all means, support them. If they are chasing a support kill half way across the map, resume split push and ignore them.
1	Supports and tanks are really overrated as a "team need."   You can see this in high level competitive play too, as a tanky DPS initiator can sometimes be the "tank" as the comp focuses on heavy burst.   And you can play a lot of characters as "support" in lieu of a traditional babysitting sustain support.  Low Elo AD carries usually are bad enough at farming that you can count on picking up a number of waves for yourself, and since so many of them have poor positioning, you might find it worthwhile to get a character who has some offensive potential.
1	On champions that rarely gets focused? What elo do you usually play at?   In higher elo, supports like Sona/Zyra is a pretty big deal, so they usually gets killed pretty quickly, unless there are more potent threats on the team.   Why would you ever spec that much into offense? I usually only go for the ignite mastery in offense, and then go 1-13-16.   The thing you said about the carry not noticing it, is also wrong. Cleanse doesn't take away Malz/WW/Zed/Morde ults, if you didn't know that. And AD Carries benefit WAY MORE from having a GA, than a Mercurial Scimitar.   If you go 4% CDR in masteries, get lucidity boots, and both Locket and Shurelias, you're 1% short, either way, but your  TEAM   benefits  WAY  more from those two items, than you would EVER be able to make with Athenes.   And the thing about the kills you were talking about, what does it matter? It's nice and all, but you won't be able to notice a difference in the game overall if you get a couple of kills. Lategame it doesn't really matter either, if you just had a teamfight, and your entire team was wiped, and you stand alone, after last hitting an enemy with your Lich Bane proc. What objectives can you take, maybe a turret? Think about if you had a speed-up and an extra shield, maybe you would have had another survivor from your team?
0	why do both camps keep assuming protection implies lethal weaponry? I can't find the original paper, but I remember the description of a UV electrolaser weapon, working roughly as follows:     the UV laser wavelength was chosen to correspond to single ionization of oxygen. Excited oxygen ions would decay back to neutral atoms with a very short lifetime (pico, nano or microseconds I guess)   The beam of air containing oxygen ions is electrically conductive   The human body has 3 different kinds of muscle cells according to some responsebased classification (this part is vague: striped/unstriped/heart muscles, correct me if wrong). The part of importance was that skeletal muscle cells (the one we generally control through volition) respond to different  voltage waveforms  than heart muscles. So a kind of muscle can be selected to  tetanize  (contract). Common sense would select the skeletal muscles so as to not induce a heart attack ([or apparently impossible alltogether]( This is not a more or less mild form of electrocution. It is simply similar to how your own nerves activate muscles. Instead of using electrical brute force, it talks the same patterns your body uses.   The power (voltage*current) of the electrical waveform was very minimal (unlike weapons based on electrocution). However more power is needed to generate the UV laser beam (I think the setup 15 years ago was bulky...) especially if the laser was inefficient in converting electrical power to laser light.     What I want to say is: if the drama is about unsafety and deaths, wheither from freaks, gangs or the government, wouldnt it be better to use nonlethal weapons in general, simply freeze (contract peoples muscles) freaks/gangs/police to get a timeout, such that we can come to our senses, and make more conscientious reversible decisions?   NOTE:
1	Can't you report people for leaving a game? Don't reported players go to the Tribunal, and ultimately get banned?   I don't really see how this isn't punishment enough. It's only "no repercussions" if you fail to report them. This is essentially the same system as tracking their leave %, if someone leaves a game frequently for any reason they will get reported and end up in the tribunal.   At the 1500-1600 Elo range I don't see leavers that much, mostly connectivity issues with people DC'ing and reconnecting which could very well be Riot's fault. On the rare occasion that someone does full-on leave it's after they were trolling, feeding, or raging and honestly it's just as well to have them out of the game.
1	Yup, giving up game story here.   Sure, it could likely be lost, but the Katarina had like 17 of 21 of the opposing team's kills and we had started to stack MR. Obviously the team and I goofed up a couple times and got caught, but once we lost inhib, we surrendered, which I didn't understand.   The sad thing is, the blame game had started and of course, no one could keep their hopes up. My cries of desperation to keep playing the game (stop Kat's ult or Exhaust her) were useless and the team promptly surrendered and in came the "GG TF and Vi suck".   One thing that kind of astounded me was that the MF in the game was like, "thanks to you losers, i lost my promotion series" or something along the lines. Why don't you keep trying then? I don't think I'll ever understand the giving up mentality.
1	I don't see how that matters to be honest. If every reader of the sub learned the lesson right now, no matter what the amount is, it still wouldn't get up there because everyone who did read it would already know.   Before you go all like "that's not what I said, I said everyone who read that particular thread, not the whole sub", he never said otherwise. Notice his use of "If" at the start of his sentence. Not to mention he could be answering to your last sentence as well.
0	Yeah all you really want is a bunch of meats and then one strong "accent" veggie like onions OR banana peppers OR olives. That's what I'd recommend to people who asked for everything and it'd be like 1/2 the price of "everything". Then we'd have people ordering that routinely after they tried it.
1	I wouldn't say that. If he doesn't pick up the MR from Maw, he'll 100% lose every fight with LeBlanc. If he rushes Bork, he's getting all that useless Attack Speed from the Bork, and missing out on the Pickaxe, plus the damage multiplier on Maw. Imo, picking up the Maw before Bork was safer for him, especially when he knows that he can't blow anyone up.
1	Not everyone has the time to sit and read entire articles. No problem with having
1	Yes it's Cinderhulk lol.   > "screw it if I'm going to be sitting in the jungle following my jungler around until the mid game I might as well just take smite and jungle myself".   Where did you pull that from? When teams double jungle in lane swap situtations it's only for the first levels then it's all back to 1v2, 2v2 with support or rotating around.   > You originally lane swapped if you picked a poor laning adc and you would let your adc get a few levels to where they could start laning a little more safely and then swap back.   False. Lane swap is also done to secure some early objectives and to avoid bad matchups for the toplaner.   > Now top laners are largely irrelevant until 30-40+ minutes in the game if at all.   And again, completely false.
0	This is guaranteed to be buried since its five hours old now but it reminds me of a story my law teacher told me when i was in school.   My law teacher was a practising barrister, and used to tell us about cases he was dealing with / had dealt with in the past.   In one case the police came to give a man an interview, he was not under arrest so they didn't take him to the station, instead they asked him a few questions in his living room, throughout the process the guy being interviewed started being aggressive and told the police to fuck off, they asked him not to but he repeatedly swore at them, calling them names and generally taking the piss and swearing.   At this point they went to arrest him under the public order act, really only a slap on the wrist for being a dick, at that point he punched the policeman, the police responded with force, chased him half way around his house, landing up in the kitchen. the guy grabbed a knife and fatally stabbed one of the officers.   Defence was that the guy was being arrested under the public order act, since they were not in public they were in the guys home, that act didn't apply, making it a false arrest, since it isn't a crime to resist false arrest the guy responding with force wasn't illegal. This meant when the police tried to tackle him they became trespassers, and it would have been a battery. Stabbing one was seen as a reasonable measure of force, the judge wouldn't even hear the case.
1	You can't help 0-6 at 10 min. After that point if no other lanners are down my no more then 10 or so CS then its not even winnable on your own skill but moreless the lack of skill by the other team because more times then not, a lost lane in low ELO is not because of a counter pick or lack of scaling but most of the time a lack of skill. While I don't support bulling, I also don't support throwing the game to help reset the bounty of a 0-6 lane. I would rather the guy afk farm and push because hes worth less then a minon and regroup 30 min in when hes 0-12-3 200cs with 2.5 towers pushed down with a nice tank build then to waste my time helping him by resetting his bounty and having him fall farther behind because hes still weak and will still get rekted due to a pure gold lead putting hi behind because they just got real gold for killing him.
0	When my school first decided to switch it did seem like a terrible idea. However my personal experience with them wasn't nearly as bad as I thought. Turns out there are a lot of good apps that make taking notes effective and easy (personally I use notabillity) and for students who are dyslexic or ADHD (like me) being able to type and have all of the content for school in the same place actually makes it much easier to manage. now the obvious downsides are still apparent but in my opinion and personal experience they were a positive effect on my ability to participate in class.
1	Solo lanes win <1200 Solo Queue solo queue. End of story.   Making support viable at Lower ELOs is a lot about map awareness. Inevitably one lane loses big and that leaves their counter-part roaming. Morale drops and the rest of the team starts saying "gg" and "feeder" without paying attention. Soon you're getting 4 man ganked bot no matter how competent you are and morale is lost. This happens even if you win bot lane.   I would suggest that Riot fix address by offering some map awareness AI assistance at low levels. My suggestion is that under 1200 Elo, Riot include a red "enemy detected" highlight whenever an enemy is revealed by a ward. This will be similar to what happens in Starcraft when a fight happens.
1	I think tsm lustboy is confirmed. Firstly the darius and leena leaks on having a new member, then gleeb using a similar excuse as xpecial and bjerg and amazings streaming angle to hide gleebs set up. Lastly,   yea...the account has been gaining elo at a respectable pace, although adc is played on it, its not surprising for smurfs to play adc to gain elo till diamond.
0	Actually, like it or not, at 18 your are in fact an adult (in America at least).  Also being a teenager and being an adult are not mutually exclusive.  Perhaps the word you mean to say is grown up, but many would say that even at 20 you're not grown up, or even at 30 you're not grown up, etc.  It is essentially just a way for older people to bitch at younger people because they don't like to think of these younger people as adults.   EDIT:
1	Same here I had 1460 elo, ended up in silver 1 Queuing with a friend who had less elo than me. I both won and lost more points than him. Loss, Win (14 points), Loss (0 point), Loss => demoted.
1	It doesn't really matter what game it is though, the fact that it happens in every single game doesn't make it better. All I can tell everyone who is leveling a new account is to play to become better, not to win. Winning is nice, everyone wants to win. But if you play to get better, you will get a different attitude towards losing lane than when you play to win.   Out of my own experience, I've asked my 2.1k+ elo friends to lane against me and not hold back, this was back when I was 1300. I just had them utterly destroy me in lane, but I did not care. I saw how someone better than me laned. I saw how to punish mistakes more effectively. I saw how people snowball lanes. I felt what it's like to be pressured so hard that you can't do anything but sit on turret trying to get your last hits, waiting for them to dive since they poke you down under your turret.   When I had them do this for a period of time I just started to realize what I should do to improve, and heck I improved a lot in a short period of time. From being someone who always lost lanes in inhouses with friends, I suddenly started going even with 1700 elos. I started raising my elo, I became a better player who now has more fun at a higher Elo.
1	You do realize, that group stages pretty much makes this impossible. Neither team is going to play each other in groups and it is unlikely either team gets 1st (thus playing 2nd place and vice versa).
1	The actual game engine is fine in my opinion. It's actually a really complicated thing to code and it consists of multiple layers of 'engines' on top of each other. Because of this, changing core things in gameplay that lie deep within the code can be difficult and small bugs may arise.   HOWEVER, the engine of the launcher absolutely sucks. Riot has even stated this themselves (with other words of course). It does have complicated parts, such as buying RP, finding games in queue and connecting with the servers, but the core of it is very basic. You don't need to be an expert to realize their coding is terrible and old. For example, when you click on any button (shop, someone's profile, a champion...), the page takes multiple seconds to load. Often it crashes completely and you have to try again or relog. Things like this require only a small server interaction and next to no processing. They should happen instantly. Interactive parts such as dropdown menus and context menus are terribly coded. Everyone know about the bugs when selecting runes/masteries (you often have to select them twice). List sorting/filtering is another thing. The shop always laggs if you select filters or use the search bar. Even the dumbest type of sorting (which would take O(n^2 ) time for people who know what this means) should sort a list with 115 champions instantly, yet somehow Riot has found a worse sorting algorithm, something unknown to computer scientists. A simple wikipedia search can give them the exact code to sort in O(n lg n) time and filter in O(n) time (which is straightforward).
1	I love how OddOne acts like a child most of the time (no offense, he simply does and I love him for that, just think about all dat hecarim noise and so on <3) but when he has to do like "his job" and stream and do a Q&A, he is really mature and proffesionel.
0	Girls are freaking disgusting! I work at a bar/restaurant and have to clean the restrooms every morning. The men's restroom is almost always clean except for of course some piss on the floor or toilet seat. But the women's restroom is filthy. I see blood all over the inside of the toilet several times a week, and the underside of the seat is ALWAYS drenched in dookie water! It always smells horrible too! And then there's toilet paper, seat covers, and paper towels all over the floor! But the one area that's clean is the sink/mirror. So I'm pretty sure these women do all the nasty stuff and don't even wash their hands afterward!  Guys, we just pee. That's it. We're not gross, we'll avoid pooping in a public toilet at all cost. I know some guys who don't even poop at their family/friends house. Girl's will dookie anywhere! So you got, pee, dookie, period blood, and oh yeah! Women can't handle their alcohol either so they throw up several times a week, but they either miss the toilet, or think they're too good to throw up in a toilet and go in the sink!
1	I wouldnt really even call it situational. its more a case of how much gold you base with. The items arent different enough to make a solid distinction. PD gives more damage, but then, Shiv is 300g less.
1	season 2 started for me having a losing streak in the beginning of 2, and ended up in 700 elo.   gave up for a period of time palyign normals with friends, then got back into ranked and suddenly bronze, silver, gold.
1	Champions   Ashe   Summary: We reduced Hawkshot’s cooldown at later levels and changed its bonus gold to 3 at all ranks.  Basically, we wanted Hawkshot to feel more valuable at rank 1.   E – Hawkshot   Cooldown reduced to 60/55/50/45/40 (from 60 at all ranks)   Bonus gold on kill changed to 3 at all ranks (from 1/2/3/4/5)   Dr. Mundo   Summary: Mundo’s cleavers got skinnier.   Designers keep watch over Mundo with skinny cleaver change. Now Mundo get no corporate bonus for bad cleaver. This  separate good Mundo from great Mundo.   Q - Infected Cleaver   Missile width reduced to 60 (from 80)   Evelynn   Summary: The closer Evelynn is to her target, the faster her Hate Spike projectile travels. We still like the notion behind our last Hate Spike change, but we’re not really happy with how it feels in game. Adjusting the ability’s missile speed still rewards enemies for keeping their distance, but also rewards Evelynn for getting up close and personal.   Q - Hate Spike   Re-adjusted missile speed to more consistently hit close targets (now has a high initial missile speed that rapidly decelerates as it travels)   Kayle   Summary: We lowered Reckoning’s AP ratio while raising the AP ratio of Divine Blessing’s heal. We also added an AP ratio to Divine Blessing’s movement speed bonus and removed Intervention’s mana cost.   Once she gets ahead, Kayle's burst damage can be overwhelming to play against. While we're taking away some of Kayle's up-front burst, the utility scaling on Divine Blessing should help her and her team get INTO (and out of) THE FRAY.   Q – Reckoning   Ability power ratio reduced to 0.6 (from 1.0)   W - Divine Blessing   Heal ability power ratio increased to 0.45 (from 0.35)   Movement speed bonus now scales with ability power (+7% per 100 ability power)   R – Intervention   No longer has a mana cost (from 100/75/50)   Riven   Summary: We lowered Riven’s base health regen and increased the power of Valor’s shield.   We’re reinforcing one of Riven’s core philosophies: she's a champion who should rely on mitigating or avoiding damage to be successful. Enemies who harass Riven should feel rewarded for hitting her when her defenses are down, while Riven players can feel better about using her buffed shield to prevent that damage in the first place.   General   Base health regen per 5 reduced to 2.5 (from 5.5)   E – Valor   Shield increased to 90/120/150/180/210 (from 70/100/130/160/190)   Rumble   Summary: Flamespitter looks… okay.   Rumble now spits real flame instead of meatballs.   Q – Flamespitter   Spell effect has been updated   Thresh   Thresh’s very long range basic attack is a powerful threat in lane, so this change introduces a little more vulnerability to his  kit.   General   Basic attack range reduced to 450 (from 475)   Yasuo   Summary: It now takes more movement to generate flow and Sweeping Blade gives less flow when Yasuo dashes. We also reduced Last Breath’s cast range.   We made some general quality of life changes to Yasuo in patch 4.1, but as players begin to master him, we’ve seen how strong he is when played to maximum effectiveness. We looked at areas where we could reduce some of that power without messing with his core playstyle. We were also unhappy with how Yasuo was using Last Breath to engage in fights by teleporting from thousands (and thousands) of miles away.   PASSIVE - Way of the Wanderer   Movement required to generate a unit of flow increased by 15%   Q - Steel Tempest   Now passively displays a range indicator around Yasuo when Steel Tempest's Whirlwind is available   E - Sweeping Blade   Now passively grants 3/6/9/12/15% of Yasuo's flow bar when he dashes (from 4/8/12/16/20%)   R - Last Breath   Reduced cast range to 1200 (from 1300)   Fixed a bug where Last Breath could sometimes be used beyond the maximum range   Ziggs   Summary: Hexplosive Minefield will deal less damage to minions as they hit successive mines. Short Fuse’s base damage and AP ratio were both reduced at lower levels.   Our changes to Ziggs in patch 3.13 turned him into monster when it comes to pushing and counterpushing. While we like the philosophy behind the change, Hexplosive Minefield is a little too good as a wave clear tool, letting Ziggs play passively without any repercussions. The Short Fuse change has a bunch of numbers, but the
1	I guess the recent changes have made the theme usable. The boxes around child comments give it a logical structure and the colour scheme isn't nearly as bad any more.   However, I preferred the old lines over the blue and white boxes. It appeared much more elaborate, and the upvote / downvote buttons made much more sense before, too.
1	There is an fairly simple mathematical factor that describes why the tribunal does rogue cases, or lesser justified bans pretty much in order to work. And why these can never be fully eliminated. This is a long post, filled with math, and assumptions to make explaining easier. And this is kind of a simplified version of what I could write, just to demonstrate a couple of concepts.   Establishing toxicity level   With a couple of assumptions we can assume that the toxicity percentile of the player base can be expressed as a percentage chance of a person getting reported. This ranges from a limit factor of 100 (although in theory it would be able to exceed that number as more than one person can report you), to a limit of 0%.   We can assume that this can be shown as a normal distribution curve, where I believe the peak would be somewhere around 20%. Face the fact, you probably get reported every fifth game.   We need one more assumption to form a hypothesis, we can assume that the whole player base plays the same amount of games. So, let's get cracking.   The majority of reports are "rogue reports"   According to normal distribution, we can assume that 90% of the players per game (from now on players) have around 20% chance getting reported. And let's assume the lower 5% of players has 70% chance. This means that the majority of reports come from normal players. So riot introduces filters in order to eliminate those. I have no clue how these work, but I am pretty confident on that they do.   Hit ratio of filters and tweeks   Let's say these filters are tweaked to include most of the toxic players the filter will have a hit ratio on finding these players that can be expressed as an exponential graph, with a drop off towards the 10-15 percentile offenders. Exponential curves reach a limit-0 at in indefinite time. So even with a good dropoff, it is impossible for the tribunal to perfectly distinct between players from 10% tox and 50%. It is however possible to capture a big amount of players within a target area, based on data on player behaviour, but this WILL always bleed over to the big player pool that has 20% report ratio. Not by much, it is just mathematically impossible for this not to happen, based on the huge sample size. This bleed is larger in proportion than it seems, as demonstration on why consider that a 10% of half the players is as many as 100% of 5% of the players. This rate is according to riot somewhere around 0.01%, small in essence, but a huge amount of players considering 5 mill players.   conclusion   Does this mean the tribunal is broken, in essence yes. As none of the normal players should ever be punished in the tribunal. But it is not possible to develop a system that doesn't have these errors, as there is no such thing as a definite factor to measure in a system that measures such a big sample size and no distinctive behaviours that can be broken down. But riot states that the false punish rare is 0,01%, what is an incredibly low number for such a system. One could even argue that this number could be higher in order to catch more toxic players, but I would not support the idea.   So when anyone says the system is broken, look at these three factors.   The higher the hit ratio of tribunal cases is (% punished), the better the filter is (some people have been arguing this to be the opposite lately).   Alternative 1, would be to let all cases through releasing the filters, that would mean tons of pardons and low chance of getting a really toxic report. Meaning the chance of toxic players to be punished would also diminish.   Alternative 2, no tribunal but manual riot driven punishment, unless it's a huge army of people this will never be able to capture the same amount of perpetrators. In essence, fewer toxic bans.   So my conclusion would be, tribunal is maybe faulty, but it might be the best punishment system developed. And I do believe the data from the tribunal is used to further enhance the filters, making the tribunal in effect improve itself by capturing player behaviour patterns.
1	Armor reduction: teamwide AD buff, it's somewhat of the AD equivalent of abysall scepter with the MR reduction aura.   Flat: flat reduction/penetration is better the lower the armor is of your target. So it's good against squishies and then mostly early on. General rule: Flat reduction/penetration gets better the more you have of it. (penetration only until 0)   Meaning: Good in combination with other reductions or penetration. (brutalizer, corki's shred, armor pen marks, ...)   Main downside of the item: you have to charge up the stacks. an AD carry gets a very limited time-window to attack before they have run, kite or simply die. (Ezreal is more elusive so he might work) This means the item seems aimed at champions with sustained damage and sustained auto attacks. (like GP maybe) however these champions rarely build a lot of AD other than what they get from Atma's and to get it after Atmogs is silly because at this stage of the game you benefit more from LW.
1	Armor runes scale well at all points in the game and health only really helps you out in the early game, Amor runes aren't bad enough in the early game to justify and extra 78hp.   Also remember that Armor is assisted by health items increasing your "effective health" so 9 extra armor will help you get more effective health if you end up buying a banshees, 78hp will not increase your effective health anymore than the 78hp it provides.
0	When my cat looks at me like that tiger he wants to play... so I rub his belly and for about .5 of a second he enjoys it and then he attacks the hand...
1	Pick a champion you like, and play only them. Play them everywhere, anywhere. Build them with new items, try new masteries on them, play them until you're sick of them, and keep on playing them. Nothing teaches you about this game faster than mastering a single champion.   What does this do? Well, once you get comfortable with a champion, you stop thinking about the champion you're playing and more about the game you're playing. Let's use Singed as an example. If you've played so much Singed that you don't even have to think about what you're doing with him or how to execute any combos, then you start to notice things about the game you'd never have thought about before (or would have learned much more slowly). The match-ups you face, the different types of junglers you deal with (both on your team and against), or even what you wish was different about each game's experience, so much changes after you get super comfortable with a champion.   Honestly, nothing made me learn more about this game than when I played 100 games as Katarina. I've seen several of my friends join League and play 1 champion from lvl ~5-30. They learn so much faster than friends who decide to dip into several champions. They honestly do, some of them can handle their own vs players with 2 years of experience just because they've dedicated themselves to Ashe or Kennen. Even most pro players got to high Elo because they initially played a single champion. Reginald with Shaco, HotshotGG with Nidalee, Dyrus with Singed, Scarra and Katarina.   &nbsp;   &nbsp;
1	I almost purely play support, with the runes to support a few diffrent ones.   In my opinion, the problem is still: "Taric1!1!1!!1!! why you no got any CS!, you noob!"     seriously tho, me this last night...      But yes, learn to either obey order or know who you are playing with and know your own capabilities and issue orders.     This means, if you play AD carry, please learn how the support champs work, Taric has a short range stun, heal and armor buff; normally getthing the armor first. Janna need someone to stay still before she can make them "jump", she also has a shield and a slow. With someone like Janna, you need to not do "stewpid" stuff, without signaling, since she can't heal you. It takes some time to figure out how agressive the person you are playing with are; failing to do so, and them blaming them... It's almost something you want to rage-quit over... :D
1	Have you ever come to realise that Reddit is not one personality and there can be such a thing as two people having two different opinions?   The people who hated Hotshot still hate him and are probably going good riddance, where as the CLG supporters are still there and making an appreciation thread?
1	So the only thing missing was which theaters and where.  We have a very nice Carmike Theater here in Indianapolis for instance but I don't know if they'll get it or not.  Please full geographical list soon!
1	I'm not a pro player or even near that, but i'm a Diamond 1 EUW player and I enjoy smurfing a lot.   I can hold up to 80% win ratio up to low diamond 1 level and getting RNG:d on promotion series is just really dumb.   I just failed my plat V-->III because of 2 unlucky games as you can see here:
0	Love eating food? Want to lose %body fat(because really you don't want to lose weight, you want to lose fat. Who wants to lose bone and muscle? Absurd.) and not change eating habits?   Then workout more. Caloric intake - caloric expenditure = %bodyfat( not 100% true, but a good way to think about it)   Keep the intake the same but increase the expenditure and what do you get?   Hate running? Good me too, fuck that. Lift weights instead. Why? Because muscle takes a fuckton of energy to use, make, and maintain. Whats energy? Calories, obviously-pay attention, you know that stuff jiggling around when you move? Bam.   This is called raising your basil metabolic rate. As in, how much energy you need each day to not start rotting away. You will not lose weight this way, you will build muscle, and this muscle will eat fat. So ignore your stupid lying scale and get some calipers. Then google skinfold measurements.   Don't know how to start lifting weights? Omfg google that shit too, go with starting strength, and obviously there is a subreddit or 100 for that plus supportive communities. r/fitness whhhhaaaaat?   Your a girl and don't want man muscles so you have to run? Are you fucking kidding me? Do people still believe that shit? Testosterone; you need more of this to have that kind of hypertrophy(muscle growth) so just get all sexy(arbitrary statement, I give no fucks) by lifting some weights.   Ok, you did all that? Sweet. Keep fucking doing it. Start slow and build so you don't get hurt and go back to being a fatass. This stuff takes a long time measured in months and years not days and weeks.   You got started? Been doing it for a while(a while would be like 6+ months, not you lifted once a week ago-OH and 4x a week you need to workout, no more (increased risk of injury is not worth small benefits) no less( sub-optimal exercise adaptation)? Got some improvements but still overweight? Well now you can start to look at diet.   Wait, your telling me I said you didnt need to change eating habits? Well fuck you! You already took the first goddamn step, and guess what the hard part was? May as well keep on going.   Its all down hill from here bro/sis.   Keep up the good work, and you will by habit(not force of will) if you've made it to this point. Only having one piece of cake instead of the whole thing isn't that big of a deal anymore. Hell chronic exercise inhibits appetite and you might even need to be forcing yourself to eat at some points.   Good job man. Look at yourself in that mirror. You will literally be able to SEE results, physically. No one will have to tell you you worked hard because your body is a fucking testament of that fact on display for every asshole who doubted you... especially yourself.   Oh also, on that inevitable day when your too tired and you just can't do it anymore, then take a break stupid you build muscle when your at rest not when your working out! Listen to your body, it knows whats up. Then get back at it when your recovered.   Who the fuck am I telling you what the fuck to do? Source:I'm a personal trainer and I study exercise physiology thats who. Who am I to tell you what to do? No one, fuck you, tell yourself what to do. I'm just telling you one way on how.   Why? Because I'm setting up a contract with a new location and am nervous so I'm distracting myself :P
1	Honestly there are people out there who are UNRANKED that are extremely good players but have no rank, i.e I have a friend who never plays ranked, but plays at a high gold level. On the flip side there are TONS of people who got carried to their levels. If you want to play more seriously go into ranked, but normals is where you learn how to play a champ and when you feel confident try it in ranked. Most people have that mindset of "oh its normals" but they still do play with their natural mechanics such me and my friends. We play off champs like teemo jungle, riven mid, etc etc but we still try our best.   Also if you're up against high people, must mean your invisible normals MMR is pretty high, good job.
0	I almost wrecked myself due to a slow driver cutting everyone off today. And after that it continued to go 20 mph on a 45 mph zone. When I turned onto my street, about 45 cars were behind me, not including the 5 in front of me. 50 cars stuck behind 1 slow moving dumbass dyring rush hour on a main road. Why he didnt take 1 if the 13 backroads to the center of town, I don't know.
1	The main problem I think for CLG that has existed for a  really long time now, is they rely on their bot lane a lot. I've never seen a single game where they gained momentum in their mid lane or top lane to push and win the game. I think link is starting to play like shiphtur 2.0, he doesn't have an impact on the game when they are losing. He never snowballs leads in his lanes. Same with Seraph, he never gets leads or carries team ( you can still carry on a tank/support top by being ahead in items etc). I just don't see top and mid lane impacting the game as much as they should be, compared to other teams. I think the onus is on Link and Seraph to make an impact, get ahead and to create pressure. Link should try to play champions like syndra, zed, ahri and try to make picks and snowball games. I also see the CLG strats being very poor and bland. Curse pulls out a splitpush comp for their first game in a series. As far as I can remember CLG has never run a splitpush comp because they are really scared. they try to copy everything from korea, but the fact of the matter is. They are not ready to play at that level. They are trying to play super team fighting comps where whole team is built around getting doublelift to carry. Curse just abused this fact. They kill doublelift and the team fight is over. on the otherhand every member of curse is a threat that clg had to worry about. But for curse they just had to worry about doublelift, rest of the team is non existent.   I am a CLG and CRS fan. I change flair to support curse through playoffs. :)
0	I had a high school English teacher who gave me an F on a paper because she said I plagerized it when I didn't know what the word 'ubiquitous' meant in one of the direct quotes that I cited.   Then over the summer I was diagnosed with cancer in my spine which caused paralysis. So out of the 'kindness' of her heart she decided to let me redo the paper. I rewrote my paper while in a hospital bed and she STILL said it was only a rough draft and tried to give it back for me to redo. At that point I think my mom went bitch mode on her and told her she could shove it AFTER she graded the damn thing.
0	No idea what youre talking about. If you cant maintain a macbook for 3-4 years I feel terribly bad for your PC laptop repair bills/replacement costs. As long as you arent a nitwit technonoob you should be able to maintain a clean macbook for at least 3-4 years. Not to mention macbooks technical capabilities will certainly last that long, even considering the rapid development pace of technology.
0	Personal antecdote time:   When I was a wee lad, my family and I bought our Christmas trees from a church parking lot with insanely cheap prices. As in, the trees will sell out by Thursday if they start selling Wednesday. We always went the first night they opened (always a weekday). My dad claimed to have this secret recipe (karo syrup a to keep the tree green and not dry out, but the key to his method was leaving the tree out on the back porch for a few days. Being children, my sisters and I believed him.   Fast forward to a few years ago where my empty nest parents bought the tree, put it up and decorated it all in the same night. My sister more than I was asking why it didn't stat outside when my dad said it had too. It turns out that he made up that story to prevent us from bugging to decorate the tree until the weekend. Looking back it was obvious, but my older sister said she was going to insist on doing that (and probably look weird) whenever she has her own family Christmas.
0	If you got eight bottles of cologne, you either smell like shit or no one knows what to get you, Next year tell each person exactly what to buy you.
1	No. This would make it difficult to stack/way too obvious if he was going for a kill ("oh hey, why is Kassadin spamming his ult on those creeps right on front of me")   Instead, Riot simply needs to make Kassadin's Q a skillshot. The rest of his kit can remain the same. It wouldn't hurt his early game too much, as most Kassadins max E now, and it would give him an actual skillcap. He would have to rely on strategic positioning with his ult in order for his Q to connect with high priority targets, as opposed to just ulting in, E q'ing someone and floating off. A big problem with Kassadin right now is how simple and 1 dimensional he is, and it really makes him a threat in solo queue because someone with no experience can just pick Kass and try not to get shit on pre-6. Because right now Kass is essentially AP Sion with a gapcloser.
0	Am I the only one who thinks bragging about this marvelous achievement voids it? Fuck, man..you overcame that horrible upbringing, Why lower your character by down talking the guy? Why not be the better person and forgive him and Ask if there's anything you can for to help better his life?
1	AD Teemo is just bad... his range is too small for large amounts of dps, hes also too squishy. Also your E becomes useless.   Onhit teemo with a rabadons (makes your e and shrooms do so much damage) imo is the best. you would function and position like an ad carry, but even if you are forced out of the fight, your poison would still do shittons of damage.
0	Because for a lot of flamboyant gay dudes, they're genuinely that flamboyant. They aren't doing it to put on a show, they aren't doing it to garner attention. They're just flamboyant. But society has defined what men are supposed to act like, and, because flamboyant men stand out, society assumes they're just attention seekers because "no one naturally acts that way."   I've got many friends who are flamboyant. They aren't attention seekers, they aren't bitchy, they're just high energy gay dudes. But, given the comments in this thread, most Redditors would never give them a chance because they've already assumed that flamboyant gay dudes are only acting flamboyant so they can act gay and get attention. It's stupid.
0	For those discussing not cleaning up and why can't you just serve the customers, etc - I used to work at a fast food place, and we were 'not supposed' to start cleaning up until we were closed. We were also only scheduled 30 min past closing and all the night end stuff took at least 1 to 1 1/2 hours, depending on if you had experienced staff working. If you worked past your shift without approval you'd get in shit, and who's gonna wake up the restaurant manager at midnight at their house to ask permission? I ended up shift managing later on for a few years and you just have to start cleaning some stuff beforehand, especially in the back and part of the floors in a big lobby, and hope nobody orders anything that needs to use it.
0	He was fucking joking when he said "lets keep the topic on the movie people"(paraphrase). Reddit didn't get the joke and started attacking mostly based on a post by an anon about how Woody defiled a young girl from his highschool.
1	The consistent packetloss is what's driving me away from playing this game competitively. My ping is a stable 90-110, which isn't optimal, but manageable in diamond. On the other hand, packetloss is entirely impossible to compensate for and is keeping me from hopping into rank. As someone that prefers to play champions that are reliant on dodging such as Yasuo, Ahri, and Vayne... the game is becoming very frustrating.   Here is my "logs of lag" from my most recent Yasuo game.   Of note, the packetloss has increased considerably when I moved back from college internet to home internet and am a customer of Verizon FiOs. I am not sure whether the packetloss is caused by the timing or by the change in provider. In contrast, other applications such as CS:GO remain relatively lag free, so I believe the problem is with the servers themselves.   Hopefully riot can sort this out or I'll have to make the swap to LAN.
1	I'm plat and will get the skin and I am very displeased and think it was a bad decision. Morgana is a stupid champion with game changing 3 second stuns and a healthy set of other skills. No one likes her imo and they just play her because her skill set is so powerful rn.
1	Alright; I see a few replies here but I'd like to clarify the ganking scenario with fed lanes (your second question).   If your solo laner is simply losing to the opposing solo laner, you should honestly just not gank that lane. your laner will not be worth a lot of gold, due to dying repeatedly. If your top lane is 0/4, and their top laner is 4/0, your top laner dying will be worth very, very little gold. if he/she continues to farm, then it doesn't really matter that much if they die. However, if you, as say, a 0/0/3 jungler come and gank the lane, and because the opposing laner is so ahead manages to trade 1 for 1, killing you, they get another 300g, as well as resetting the gold bounty for your laner, who most likely will get outplayed and die again. Your best course of action is to try to snowball a different lane, who can carry the game. if you have one even lane, and one lane who's ahead, and you make good calls as a jungler, you have a great chance of winning the game.   As for addressing your first question; it's very, very difficult to win games when all three lanes lose. Your best course of action is to hope that the opposing team doesn't go for objectives, and only goes for kills. in bronze/silver this is pretty common; try to convince your team to push lanes, get turrets, and whenever their mid or bot goes back, take dragon. when you are behind, buy pink wards. if you are playing a tanky jungler and can afford it, get an oracles. if you can keep your vision up and deny enemy vision, you can get free global objectives. Because your team is behind, you won't be worth much gold if you're killed, but every turret and every dragon will be worth quite a bit for your team.   Sorry for the wall of text! I hope this helps....
0	I worked at a non-profit without pay for 5 months, and I worked my hardest there because they respected me and everyone was really friendly. Now they started paying me.  Money isn't the only motivator for good work.
1	Cultural differences. Americans tend to be big, loud, massive and cocky. Asians tend to be more humble, quiet and respectful. Europeans, well, they vary a lot upon the country you are in.   And of course the above must fall upon everyone and it's also considered a scientifically proven fact. But that is generally the imago that is out there. I enjoy my sportsmen and teams act like what it feels for them to be right way to go. I can't imagine TSM acting like Azubu. That'd just feel fake, just like that I can't imagine Scarra going around poking people with pillows or screaming the name of his opponent in sarcastic agony.
1	East Coast here I get 100 ping on a good day. Which Doublelift said was unplayable but hey thats fair that I go up against people with 1/10th my ping right?
1	Just based off the little I've seen of you, I like you. But I've also noticed that you are terrible when it comes to stuff like this guy.   You're a rising public figure. This guy is a nobody. What do you gain by engaging with him in such a public matter? Little to none. Even if everything you say is correct, you can't let yourself get baited so easily. There is a reason notable figures in the scene stay the fuck off Reddit.   But I'm just a nobody, too, so wtf do I know?
0	Tips incentivise good waiting in both cases. If you know that doing your job well will result in a tip then you have a reason to try harder.   The difference is that in North America, the tip is the default stance and it is taken away in the face of poor service. In Britain (where I'm from) the default stance is you pay the price on the menu and you tip for good service.   At minimum, waiters should be paid enough to live reasonably. They should never have to rely on your tips to survive, no matter how bad at their job they are. Use tips as a way to reward good service by all means, but as soon as it is a crutch on which service staff have to lean, there's a problem.
1	Why does everyone think it's the junglers blue? It's not! It's the TEAMS blue, and you should decide as a TEAM who gets it. Yes, usually this is the mid laner considering he/she is mostly the one who needs the mana regen/cdr.   I would report this garen 100%, even if he said he needed it, I think everyone can agree that garen does not need blue buff and one of his teammates (either mid/top/adc or support) could use it way better. Therefore the Garen actively wastes resources/damage of his team, thereby assisting the enemy team, which is a punishable offense.
1	I don't care if you main thresh, I don't care how long you've played, [It is working as intended]( as you can see in this video, you CAN get pulled over a wall.   Also, in one of your previous comments you said that it "gave them the game." So I decided to take a gander at this game's match history.   Blue Side Kills: 11 Red Side Kills: 19   Blue Tower Kills: 1 Red Tower Kills: 2   Blue Dragons: 0 Red Dragons: 1   Red Side Gold Lead: ~5k @16 mins   So already Red side had a really decent gold lead on you. Moreover, they had their  8/0 Lucian  and  3/2 Kog'Maw  in that brush that your team  DOES  have warded. Their team had a 5k gold lead on you, a lot of which is on Lucian.   Next, you claim that you were trying to bait them. Both of their carries are in that brush. Your Akali is in Top lane and Naut is in base. Although Jayce and Cait are nearby waiting for you to "bait" all three of you have substantially less gold and likely items in order for that fight to turn out favorably. You were at about 90% health with about 20% mana. Jayce, as you can see in the clip,  barely had enough mana  to cast his E. And Caitlyn left the moment you got hooked. They out leveled you AND had more mana and health as well as being better prepped for the fight. You had no place/reason to "bait" that fight because you were doomed to lose it from the start.   This is not a game losing play, they way it looks, they won because of good early game start which your team didn't equal. They snowballed and played their lead properly.
1	There is no reason for Riot to be afraid of any other mobas. The only other moba that will get close is dota2. The game that will end the reign of league will be something different.   Riot has stated they have many different projects going on at once. New champs, skins, champ reworks, ect. They just release them when ready. Hell how long have they been working on Ao shin?
1	I only take issue in ranked, or if someone picks a champion for a role that doesn't fit. Jax support, Nami top, w/e. Certain champions have exceptionally low win rates, and that's where problems arise. I can't know if someone specializes in a champion, and that brings a risk to me when I'm committing my time and ratings to this game. I don't report if they do well, but I will report if in spite of them failing we win. That said, I do understand many people specialize in certain champions that may be alternative to the current meta (I recently played with a VERY good Shyvana, who had a 22-4 win rate with her), and I respect that, but I have to have some way of knowing that is the case.
1	From my experience (I'm a 1600 elo player) When you reach a certain point on the elo ladder, you never ever have any problem getting one of the 2 bottom picks to play support...   Then, at lower elo where it is sometimes hard to get a player to play support, the comp doesn't even matter that much... it's really more about the way you play. I remember a game where 2 retards didn't follow the comp and went jungle twitch when we had a jungle and annie when I had Leblanc. I ended up as leblanc with our not-in-the-jungle-anymore-lee sin bot and we were top 2 picks of our. We got 6 kills to none at bot lane and won the game. That was 1300 elo I think.
1	I guess. I just wish there were a better way to play with new friends than smurfing. I used to play on my main with new friends back when I was silver and they told me they hated the game because they died so much/just couldn't figure it out, so I can only imagine how skewed it would be now. They just didn't understand the handicap they were at because of the matchmaking. Hell, a girl I met at Uni is god awful and I invite her to games with me and friends and she'll proceed to feed like mad every game to the point that she'll rage quit (after game) just because it's just not possible for her to compete at her current level in the game. And mind you she's level 14 now, so not necessarily brand new to the game(we all remember our first game lol... not knowing i should buy more than my doran's shield on vlad until 28 minutes in.) The only answer currently is smurfing and not slaughtering new guys, while giving them helpful advice.
1	This right here. All it is, is another talk show coming onto the scene with different content. FB and SI have never annonced roster changes or future gameplay updates, it is all information from credible sources but untill it is officially announced by Riot than it will always stay speculation. Richard has always been right in the end but it will always be seen as rumors because he has no real ties with Riot games itself.   From what Richard has said, it really only affects teams officially announcing roster changes on their own websites and on social media. It cannot stop leaked info and there is no way they can find out who the source is because Richard keeps them anonymous. Hypothetically, if i lived next to the CLG house and saw zion move in before they announced any roster changes and i went and told Richard Lewis who then published it, who would punish? So there is the loop hole - Make roster change > tell roster change to external party not affected by new rules > tell richard lewis. In the end R.W cannot be fined, Team denies leaking info and cannot be punished without proof.   Edit:
1	I'm sorry but this statement is incorrect. Kiting champions like Lulu and Kayle can play well against Jax. You can play around Le Blancs cooldowns to outplay her, or survive her burst (through shields like Orianna's and Lulu's) and deal more sustained damage as opposed to burst. Lucian can be out-ranged and out-scaled with not too much difficulty. Caitlyn's early dualing is quite bad as well.   Also, flaming people for "tryharding" is so stupid even in normals. Why the fuck wouldn't you want to win the game? Winning is fun too.
1	Real talk, boys.   When I'm playing AD Malz jungle, and you're getting fucking roflstomped in lane, sure I'll come pressure and lay down some damage if you really want me to, but nobody's getting a kill there.   But if you can just hold on to your pants for two more goddamn minutes, and let me hit 6, I swear to the high heavens I will come gank that overextended son of a bitch, and we will make him pay for his crimes. I'll ult that mother fucker and laugh as he squirms. I'll even let you take the kill.   But please, in the name of all things holy, let me farm till 6 without you assaulting my eardrums with that goddamn assist ping. Stop flaming me in chat. I'll carry you if you shut the fuck up and let me hit 6.
0	You're missing a lot of information in some of these facts. There are some factors that lead to women having custody more often than fathers, judges take into account what the parents want (many, many couples come to a private agreement that the children should be in the mother's primary custody) and which parent has done the majority of the parenting up until the divorce. [Statistics]( still show that despite some positive movement in childcare and home care division, women, even if they work full time as well, still do the majority of the work around the home including caring for children.   Aside from these reasons, women get custody more often than men because society expects them to be the caregivers of their children. When a child goes missing or is hurt society asks "where was the mother?" not so much "where was the father?" When the child is sick at school, its often the mother who has to leave work to go pick them up or take the day off when she can't find alternate childcare arrangements. This mentality hurts men and women. The patriarchy hurts men and women. Men are left out of their children's lives when the couple splits up and women have to bear an unfair portion of the burden of childcare whether they are with the fathers or not.   The same thing for domestic violence and rape. Both men and women face a lot of shame and recrimination when they are abused but for different reasons. Men who are abused are shamed because women are seen as weak, men are expected by society to be strong and "in charge" of their woman. As for male rape, men are expected to want sex all the time. This makes it very difficult for male victims of rape and domestic violence to come forward and seek the help they need.   Lesbians, especially lesbians that men find attractive, are seen as more positive because some men see lesbian sexuality as a performance for their pleasure. Gay men are seen as effeminate. Traditional society ostracizes any man who acts like a woman especially if he goes so far as to be penetrated during sex because being feminine or womanly is a bad thing (   Rigid gender roles: women are maternal, weak sex objects; men are horny, strong, can't control themselves sexually hurt everyone and the root cause is still sexism. This is something a lot of people, especially younger people don't understand about feminism. Much like racism benefits white people on one level, it is destructive to society and ends up hurting everyone, sexism does the same. While you as a man may make more money, not face the same social pressures regarding your appearance, not be chided for not doing your share of household chores and be less likely to face intimate violence you're still stuck in a very rigid social role that limits you.
1	I know that feeling. There's a number of things I do to boost my team's morale in my games(silver 1 atm);   Play strong early game champs, such as Draven, to make sure it is I who dominates the lane. When the enemy team starts /all spamming to report X or Y, it means they are starting to fall apart. Get in their head, but dont be a dick.   I once played Draven vs Tristana matchup, where I won the level 1 trade and didnt give up my advantage. 10 minutes later; Tristana: we'll see late game! Me: There will be no lategame. Which I assume was a big morale hit. They indeed FFd quickly.   Also, theres often a situation, where enemy picks some stupid assassin like a Fizz or something, and your poor midlaner keeps dying to him every minute or so. Then the entire team goes full-retard mode, saying '/all report viktor', to which I usually tell them to (literally) shut the f up and play the game. It is now 30th minute, Fizz is 16/2 or so, but since it's silver, the fact that he destroyed poor Viktor is now meaningless, because he didnt roam enough while his other lanes struggled. Teamfight time. Fizz gets CCd, dies, push. Another teamfight, CC correctly, the game is yours.   'OMG 16/4/0 LOSE REPORT MY NOOB TEAM -.-' -Fizz 2013   As for playing support, make sure you have a premade adc buddy to play with. My soloq support experience is that you can lose so many games just to misunderstandings with your partner - and that tends to happen way, way more often than it should.   I guess the
1	Firstly, I don't play much Cass, but it seems like building Gunblade/Muramana/and a Sheen item (Lich or Tri) would be more profitable now, as the Muramana will increase ad, and as many champs don't benefit greatly from WotA, getting Gunblade would still provide the spell vamp and better auto farming/trading. The extra ad would provide more incentive to use Lichbane/Tri (depending on full build ad, not sure whether Tri/Lich would provide more damage). Also, the Gunblade active would be nice with her q speed boost, making escaping/chasing easier, and the added lifesteal would help sustain in-lane. I think that having Muramana, Gunblade, Rylais, Sheen Item, Sorc shoes, Dcap would be decent, although that's just my view.
0	Advice for all you college-bound redditors: exploit the system as much as you can, and do not, I repeat DO NOT, take out more than $5,000 a year in student loans if you can help it. If it comes down to choosing between a great school that costs a lot and a not-so-great-but-still-good school that's affordable, pick the latter. Very few private school degrees are worth the going rate these days. If your parents are divorced like mine were, apply to schools that only require FAFSA: this will allow you to disclose only the financials of the custodial parent, which can really be either one you choose. I did this and put my mom down as custodial, and since she was working part time at minimum wage while my dad was out making hundreds of thousands a year, my first year of college was paid in full between financial aid and merit scholarships for my test scores without anyone in my family having to cough up a dime. Compare this to my number one choice, Duke, where I would have had to spend 50 grand a year for a degree that would be just as good at a lot of cheaper places.   Also, if you're even a fourth black/Hispanic/Native American, report it. I knew a girl who was 1/4 Hispanic who got a full ride for being a National Hispanic Scholar. She's white as a cracker and doesn't speak Spanish. It may be unfair and disingenuous, but all's fair in love and tuition rates.
0	The UNODC 2005/2006 data doesn't have an entry for "total assaults" for the United States, but data is there for "major assaults":   England and Wales : [35 per 100,000](   United States: [288 per 100,000](   So, at least when it comes to "major assault", the US rate is dramatically higher. The UK, however, has about 50% more robberies per capita. Reported rapes are nearly identical. Keep in mind that aggravated assault makes up the bulk of all violent crimes.   In my search I came across [this]( blog that claimed that the violent crime rate in the UK is 8 times that of the United States. Interesting, right?   But, the author of the blog made a pretty serious error: The UCR violent crime data used for the Unites States  excludes simple assault . The data for the UK  includes all assault . And from the National Crime Victimization Survey we can see that the simple assault rate in the US is five times higher than the aggravated assault rate. When you take that into account, the claim that the UK has 8 times the violent crime becomes pretty clearly bogus. And that doesn't even taken into account that the definitions of assault are quite a bit different in the UK making all of the statistics even more difficult to compare   Things like that are why making direct comparisons of crimes from different countries is no simple task.   Further reading:
1	It's like everyone that plays has the IQ of a monkey, forgets social, common sense rules, empathy.   Yes, you're totally blaming other people for your toxicity, if you want an advice : start looking at yourself, you're fucking bronze/silver that means (no offense) you SUCK. You brag about a freaking 60% win rate in bronze... Even a high silver player can easily climb in less that 30 games.   Learn about the game, practice and maybe when you hit master you can say other people are idiots and suck at this game. Hell, im d5 and i consider myself as trash.  Thing is people are too light-skinned, everything you gonna say will be considered as "flame". So just stfu, don't trashtalk, show them you're the one to follow by making good plays/calls around the map.
0	The thing about working retail on thanksgiving is that it’s actually an insult to everybody. Not just the people forced to work it. There are noble professions out there, and regardless of the money made, people are constantly sacrificing. So I’ll explain it the same way I did to a veteran who was frustrated by retail workers complaints.  When you’re out there, you’re doing what you’re doing so that the rest of us can get home. Soldiers are fighting so other people can have this holiday, and one next year (yes many are going to argue that it’s for different reasons). Airline pilots are working so people can get home. You’re not with your family, so that I can be with mine. Your sacrifice is directly aiding your fellow man to be with his loved ones. Why am I going to work on thanksgiving? Because some already rich shareholder wants more money, because he wants another house this year.  You went out of your way, so that other people can be with their families, and they can’t be. Retail workers aren’t performing a noble job, we’re giving people things they want, and most of the time things they don’t want or even need! We’re driven to sell you extra garbage.   Now on one of the only two days you can really call American holidays (Thanksgiving and Independence Day) we’re being forced to sell you more garbage. Those two days are there to be celebrated by every American citizen. Those 2 days are special, regardless of orientation, creed, or skin color. On those two days no matter who you are, you have something to celebrate.   The corporate companies say that customers want us open earlier, to serve them. The customers say they have to line up earlier because the company is opening stores earlier and they want a piece of the pie. It’s a really clever sheet being dragged across everyone’s eyes. The savings are garbage. It’s all the same shit that goes on sale weekly, now it’s just all in the same day.   It is 100% bullshit that people are working on thanksgiving. It’s a day to be thankful for what we have, but it’s being taken away from us, if I could learn to fly a plane, I would switch off with you every other year, this way we could both enjoy time with our families at some point. Instead time with your family is becoming a privilege of the elite.
0	Horror story time:   Preface: I am a guy who saves frequently.   Story: Once upon a time, I was typing an essay for a college class. I spent hours typing it up on the school computers via the library network (my laptop had wifi connection issues, so I had no other option unless I wanted to drop another few hundred $$). Again, I save frequently -- think every 10 minutes or so, or every time I finish a paragraph. All of a sudden, the school network kicks me off. I think "okay, this sucks, I last saved a paragraph ago. Now I have to write that paragraph over again."  NOPE. About an hour later I'm finally able to log back on. The network reset to about 20 minutes into my essay -- so I have basically an introduction plus a little more that I can pull up. What the hell, University of [shit university name]? So I type the entire essay again on the same fucking network because I have no other fucking option. This time, however, I insert my USB drive. Fortunately, the network didn't crash again and reset. But even if it did, I was ready this time.
0	I can still remember the first time I experienced this exquisite feeling.  I had gotten Kirby's Dream Land for the original Game Boy.  I played that shit day in and day out for days until I finally got to the Rocky styled ring matchup with King DeDeDe; shit was real.   It was late at night when I finally got to him and I was having difficulty with him, I lost 3 times in a row and eventually was forced to shut it off and go to bed from my parents.  As you can imagine, it wasn't easy to get any sleep with that fucking puffer penguin on your mind.  All I could thing about was fighting him again, how to counter his moves.   I got up early the next morning after a restless night and immediately went at it again.  I was doing stupendous; dodging all his hammer slams, jumps and body slams; inhaling those stars like my ex girlfriend and spitting them out faster than a bulimic super model.  Continued this until it finally happened - knocked his ass out of the ring.  We're not talking about any WWF throwing over the ropes knocking out, we're talking about shooting his ass outta his motha f'n castle.  It was glorious.  I let out a magnificent roar of victory like grown up Simba after defeating his enemies and establishing his dominance as king.   Woke up the parents, didn't care, worth everything.  Fucking Kirby, Mario, Star Fox, James Bond, and Dash Rendar (Shadows of the Empire) were my childhood.
1	ofc you're talking about early game.. If I have the right runes and masteries I can have 60 mr by level 1 with trundle.. trundle Q = insane regen, + 15 phys damages runes, herpderp phage ignite + R + afk auto hits on rumble -> herpaderpa firstblood. I'm really confident when I play against rumble. Most people aren't, but I don't see any reason of why you should be more afraid of him than of kennen or anyone else. When you got a problem (here the problem is Rumble), you deal with it, you don't just surrender to the problem because he does not let you farm. Furthermore, if he wanna cockblock your farm, he gotta use Q, which will push the lane, and all you have to do is wait under your turret, consumming a health pot, and waiting to freeze the lane and have the advantage over rumble later on. Rumble is good on early, but once you got your items too, he just becomes average.
1	Bronze is like cancer.... I made the mistake of being obbsessed with toplane when I did placements.... (I know this is a mistake because at college I was significantly better than my roomate and carried his smurf to Gold 5 by playing mid/adc/jungle and, shamless plug inbound, DST method) Anyone who reads this DO NOT make that mistake... If you're like me and watch tons of pro streams, use probuilds/anyone professional player build reccomendations and know what you're doing. Play mid or adc. Otherwise 98.8% of the time, one of those roles WILL go full retard in your placements. I used to think that there wasnt that many dreadful players out there, but after getting stuck in bronze 3 I can confirm that the number of non-english speaking "Me mid/adc. Me smurf" is downright ludicrous. I say Bronze is like cancer because it feels like, once your in. Youre in for fucking good. Ive gotten to placements 4 times only to have them ruined most memorably the last time by a team that entirely did not speak english and ran AD TF with support Xin (who I thought was jungling) and then ran a top lane of Teemo and Soraka while I was mid as Diana. Ended lane phase 3/0/1. However the score at this point was 12-4 iirc...
1	It would be nice if the meta wasn't actually required. I believe TotalBiscuit mentioned at one point that the meta doesn't really apply at lower skill levels. Granted, he was talking about SC2 when he said that, but I believe that the same can be applied to lower tier LoL as well.   Because nobody is going to have the perfect mechanics to make the meta work at lower ratings, it mostly comes down to which team has the better teamwork/vision, or at least it's up to the person who has snowballed to make sure the rest of his/her team snowballs to a victory. If that means taking Xin mid after seeing a squishy purely mid AP taken by the enemy, as long as Xin is one of your better champions and your better actual AP champions are either picked, banned, or countered by their pick, then I'd say do it.
1	BISCUITS? SOMEBODY CALL SJOKZ. SJOKZ LOVES BICUITS.
1	There is something I have dubbed, "The Support paradox" You see, in some situations the rage at a support can make a loop, example:   A team is pushed into their base, because there's no wards outside the base is the reason they can't leave, even though there WAS but they expired in this long ass siege, so its the supports fault that cait wanted that longsword when they had five people on an the inhib tower   Or:   "Support go ward">support goes to ward and dies>"omg wow no solo reported"> goes solo and dies> "omg wow no wards gg reported"> "go ward"
0	Where are you get your information? Typically the interest rate is based on credit, insurance rates are much more tied to crime in the area. There are also laws that protect "keeping money in white neighborhoods." Please read the Community Reinvestment Act or any of the other countless laws on the subject.   If a bank was doing this their customers would sue them. Or the Federal Reserve could take their license away. Its that serious, banks are overly cautious with this stuff for fear of losing their license to do  any  business in a certain state.   And lastly, it is illegal for Realtors to do what you said. What easier way to make money than to sue a realtor that took you out for the day and only showed you homes in traditionally black or white neighborhoods. If you say "I want to live in X neighborhood" that is one thing. But no, a realtor is not going to risk their license to achieve some master segregation plan they are all secretly colluding on.   Please post something to substantiate any of the claims you made. What you are suggesting violates several federal and state laws, they include civil penalties (grounds to sue) and up to and including a bank losing its license. I know people have been known to break the law in the past, but to even consider anything you said as being partially true you need to substantiate it.
0	The majority of people watching last night do not watch boxing on a consistent basis (if they have at all). To them, boxing is something like a highlight meaning that each round should carry multiple big landing punches or overall be more exciting (these types are rare). The loudest criticism is coming from these people and social media and reddit only amplify that.   This was not a hug match and Mayweather did not do anything he hasn't done in his previous fights. He was a calculated and very very smart boxer last night. When you pair that with what is probably the best defense the sport has ever seen, it is really hard to be beaten. Pac had to come out throwing punches and he needed well over 50 a round to have a chance (Maidana). Even when he had Mayweather on the ropes and was throwing a lot but nothing landed to get him points. The headlock was because Pac would go low and he did not want to risk an uppercut that close.
1	It's not even that I dislike either one of them. I even somewhat enjoy those
0	As a teacher I really like these guys. Had two in my last class, both were awesome in their own way. Both were former Navy guys. One constantly talked about his time in the Navy, but also asked lots of good questions, kept the class going, made it fun. The other was a former SEAL who just showed up, crushed his work, and got the highest grade I have ever given.  They don't complain, they get shit done, and generally know more about what they want out of an education, which is nice.
1	If you're skilled with LeBlanc, you would probably transition well to Katarina.  I really love her - she's difficult, but there's very little as satisfying as snowballing into a triple or quadra.  Rumble is a lot of fun, but he doesn't play like most other casters.  If you're looking to transition into AD bruisers/tanks/non-casters, I'd recommend Riven or Yorick (possibly Fiora).  Ranged?  Varus is (rightfully) flavor of the month, but Graves and Vayne are also a lot of fun (and can carry a game if they get fed).  Jungle?  Udyr is boss and makes learning to jungle fun.
0	Sorry i'm late to the game, it is in fact the Cayman Islands. I worked a job one summer when I stayed there where we did took tourists out for a few things, one of them was this. They're actually getting a "stingray massage" You can see the head of the guy who's actually picking up the ray, it actually feels pretty nice, just most people get weirded out at first.
0	Courting is one of the biggest thrills to me. Part of what makes me enjoy being single so much is that every-constant question of "is she into me, and if she is, is it as much as I am into her?". Straight-up asking a girl out lays it all out on the line and once I get the answer, there's no more mystery. I'm not saying dating someone is boring, but that pre-dating-before-anyone-has-asked-the-other-one-on-a-date feeling when it's all subtle flirting, that shit is the best.
1	Draven as an AD can zone quite hard if you are mechanically skilled. I play alot of Graves and Vayne as well. Aggressive ADs are great!   For supports I think Lulu is great on Draven, gives him a speed boost to catch axes and dodge hooks, increasing his mobility and gapclosing.
1	Frankly, no. That's not an incentive structure you want to build. When someone misinterprets a noob as  a troll and reports, if he gets a negative feedback he'll see that as no more disinsentive to troll. And even in a successful report you'd only be distributing retributive  catharsus, which only reproduces harmfully. That's not even getting into troll-baiting.
1	Chaox may have gotten some insight into the future by visiting asian gaming houses, however he was unsuccessful in converting that insight into anything of tangible value to either himself or the western region.   I am hesitant to agree that he "saw the future", rather he was exposed to it, because he was unable or unwilling to use this information it I think the article vastly overestimates the value of the mind of chaox.   He wasn't the raving lunatic that everyone ignored, he simply didn't bring any useful information to the table. If he were to do so, he would easily be able to either create his own brand, or consult on a team. He has had offers to do so, in fact I think he did coach one challenger team for a short while and there was nothing extraordinary about his personal performance.
1	You can deselect your hero, because some of them allow you to control other units, which also sometimes have their own spells.  Also, without being able to deselect your hero, couriers are completely useless.
1	The trailer is a bit corny. Judging from this topic, he has as many haters as he has fans. To be honest, this seems like a good move by Ozone. Especially if they will actually get feedback from him. Not only does Oce have a lot of fans, a lot of esports related products are still being developped with minimal input from professional or former professional players. In the FPS market it took some companies a few years to realize that they should consult with pro players when it came to developping products. Companies like Razer and Benq did that the most and really catered to the competitive players. When it comes to LoL, it's still surprising how "amateuristic" a lot of LoL products and even top players (if you consider anything ranging from diamond to challenger as top) are. Only at LCS level do I feel like the players understand what it takes to be the best at a game. Not only management and practice is important, but also settings/familiarity with those settings/good products/lifestyle. It's baffeling how many d1 or even challenger players who don't use a proper mousepad and mouse or who didn't even think about their settings. Sure LoL is mechanically less demanding than FPS games, but things like this will still boost your skill by a fair margin.
0	I agree that selection will favor behaviour to select a healthy mate, however  a healthy mate depends on the environment and what forces are influencing selection. Note fitness as an evolutionary term, does not mean the most 'fit' as many use the word in the vernacular to describe someone with a lean body, indicative of someone that eats well and exercises. Fitness in an evolutionary context is the rate/ability for an individual to reproduce and create successful progeny. It can be used somewhat synonymously with the term 'reproductive fitness'.   If we look at different cultures, and different times, having fat was a phenotype that was desirable, and could have signalled reproductive fitness. Fat indicated that an individual was able to procure resources, enough so that not only the basic bodily energy requirements of the individual was not only met, but that there was actually a surplus. (Selection factor: good resource gatherer, useful in times of food shortage, if a male has a bit of extra weight, then it means he may be a good provider of resources to his mate)   Also, for women the process of gestation requires great caloric resources and for a woman to have a bit of reserve would signal that they possessed sufficient resources to maintain a pregnancy to term and breastfeed. (Though research has shown it's more the waist-to-hip ratio, over actual weight that may play a greater role in attractiveness in terms of reproductive fitness). (Selection factor: female more likely to be successful at getting pregnant, bring a pregnancy to term and breastfeeding, and higher reproductive fitness).   You can see in the sculpture of fertility goddesses (we’re going way back here to 28,000 to 25,000 BCE) example [The Venus of Willendorf]( that previous cultures veiwed it not as a negative, but most likely these served as fertility statues. Even more recent the Rubenesque period, but at this time, and even up to the 1800s, the Rubenesque body shape was the more highly desired when compared to todays 'ideal' barbie woman.   Evolution, in the past wouldn't necessarily select for the women in the media and many of the stick women that are deemed as 'healthy' based on weight  alone, many are too weak (not enough muscle mass) to be selected for (even in hunter/gatherer societies, women still have to gather).   I understand your point, I just don't think yu are taking into account that one of the greater challenges in the evolutionary environment, wasn't necessarily predators (hell, we (early humans)/Neanderthals helped to kill off the wolly mamouth), even then, we were a dominant species. It would be more a kin probably to living in the woods with bears/cougars/mountain lions/coyotes now adays.   hopefully that made sense, I've been wriing it in bits and pieces on breaks
1	There is no such thing as 'Elo Hell'. Anyone believing this is stuck because their skill-level isn't as high as they think. If that Lee can carry the game single handedly, so can anyone else. You cannot say that ranked is terrible or your teammates will feed all the time after only 1 game. If everybody would quit ranked after 1 loss, nobody would be playing anymore.
1	The media does not understand the current status of gaming. Also, they like shock news because it makes audience listen to them. There are millions of channels on youtube, twitch or other streaming platforms that aim to teach, to entertain in a real nice way, but they chose to show violent stream with people shouting and insulting. A lot of people that stream does not necessarily do game 24/7, and some (like Scott Manley) really makes it a beneficial experience for the viewer by adding historical knowledge or physics knowledge in his stream.
1	we all have bad games, we all have trolls, we all have feeders, we all have ragers, even more so since the new season. the difference is.. we dont all make reddit posts about it.   if you cant carry yourself out of bronze then thats where you belong.   as frustrated as i get almost every game, it is honestly better to shut up and concentrate on your own play, the 5 seconds it takes you to type your line of flame is 5 seconds you are not farming, not harrasing, not giving pressure. just shut up and move on.   'i know there is xPeke and blah' lmao sit down.. spain is hardly a world apart   and about the age gate.. it seems to me, that if you are the one getting mad as fuck over 'kids' then you are the one that needs parental controls.
1	actually the jungle is really tough because u have to do a lot of works for the team:     Control your own buff    counter ganks    take oracle as early as possible while u stil have to make ganks an so take risks to loose it   try not to take the kills when u gank a lane   give your mid lane wraiths after 10 minutes in the game (and possibly wolves aswell )   dont fail your smite on dragon / nashor   do a better job at ganking than opposite jungler    performs all that's above while having almost as much gold as the support     ps: i'm a main jungler and i'll keep jungling no matter what
0	I partially agree with you, and it's very clear you missunderstood/did not read my comment.  People can be called out on something, told that the better way to do it and expected to at least try it the alternate way, but "oh my god you're such a f king moron, why the f k haven't you dropped out lol #losers"   I support constructive criticism, but not criticism meant to put them down and lift yourself up.  I agree that Political correctness is stupid though, and tough skins are necessary to a point, with constructive criticism it can make someone open minded and willing to look for the best way, meanness creates insecurity.
1	Worlds is after the Summer Split playoffs, last year they took place in November, so assuming the VU comes out in say.. 3 months, (September) that leaves the teams with 2 months to get used to it, this seems like a long time, but in reality there are things that you may not think about until the situation arises, and bugs that may not have been found, and it is a relatively new map. Additionally, they would, most likely, not include it in the Summer Split season games, and a jump from the old map to the new map in a matter of weeks for the teams that qualify for Worlds, in a competitive sense, could compromise team play and such.. Also who wants their team to lose at Worlds because of a lack of competitive experience on an updated map?
0	I find that some artistic types tend to have pretty fragile egos.  They say they don't work for money because of artistic integrity, but I think it's really because money can been seen as some kind of tangible indicator of talent and skills.   What if they put a demo out and tried for copywriting and it turns out they get paid peanuts?  That could mean they're not as great or special as they thought they were...then where would they be?  What would they do with themselves?   It's kind of scary for them and it can take a long time or a really desperate situation before they can step out of that comfort zone.   Edit:
1	I'm in the same boat - I played 250 Cho games last season in ranked :D I also agree with you for the mid lane. Rupture is very good, and landing it really is a matter of practice. It's definitely way too strong to be discounted. AP Cho's burst is incredibly strong.   However, I don't think Cho's main problem is the stack loss on death. It's not snowbally in the sense that Feast gives you advantages for kills. It's a matter of adjusting play to the game so you are forced to prioritize Feast/hp over kill potential. I think this is a very good mechanic to Cho because it encourages diversity and differences in playstyle. I think what should be addressed however, is the utility issue with Cho. He's very nice in team fights, but he has huge issues doing anything with the long CDs on Rupture/Scream unless you've built him as a tanky bruiser - He sort of diddles around and sits on your carry in a fight so enemies can't click him.
1	There is a really easy change for this.   Somewhere in in the end for season 3, they changed the xp distribution of minions. This made that if you were solo, you would get 100% of the xp, and you you were with more than 1, you would share 110% percent of the xp. So if you were with 2, you both get 55% percent of the xp.   Before this change, the solo laner often just got 6, while the duo was barely 4, and he would be able to 1v2.
1	Wow. Never thought I'd actually be able to say this, but: Jesus. Scarra honestly acted like a child, and showed very poor sportsmanship after placing 2nd. That's very sad to see, as I've always thought very highly of Scarra. I'm not one for name-calling, but if we're being completely blunt and honest here, Scarra needs to stop being such a bitch. You lost. You're upset that you lost. We get it. Now act like a professional, and give credit where credit is due. K, I got that off my chest. I apologize for that.   The way the other teams treat/think of TSM really frustrates me. They act as if TSM doesn't deserve their current reputation, as well as their recent 1st place spot at Regionals. At/after every event I've seen, these people act as if TSM placing first, and beating them, is nothing but a fluke. Yet, it happens again and again. Seriously guys, stop being so bitter, take your loss, and give them some credit.   Now, as a disclaimer: No, I'm not a TSM fanboy. I actually like a LOT of the NA teams (EU, as well, ofc). Curse/Dig/CLG/TSM are all great teams, IMO, and I support them all pretty equally.
1	Diamond player here. Still have only 2 rune pages. Worst part is I made an account back when you started with 3 pages, but when I started to seriously play, I'd forgotten that I'd made the account.   It's pretty obvious that Rune Pages are a rip off compared to everything else, but probably for good business reason. You need only to look at the pre-game lobby to see something way more unfair than 6300 per rune page. Why can you edit masteries but not runes? Same reason a single page is as much as a new hero, because a huge % of rp purchases are rune pages.
1	1.) Who the fuck cares? Get a new fucking name then you whiny little bitch. If someone took my name ( or hell if the government randomly said that I cannot have my IRL name anymore ) I would just change it. What the fuck is the big deal?   2.) Violating the TOS and then acting like you've only done it  sometimes  and it shouldn't be a big problem is so fucking ridiculous. I guarantee that you do it almost anytime someone asks you.
1	Stated below, but wanted to reply to the topic as a whole.   Speaking as an ancient person (22) I completely understand Reggi's point of view.   The issue here isn't about "being butthurt" or "sensitivity". This is purely about professionalism. Thorin in particular is known to be contentious and speak poorly about players, play styles and even to make personal jabs in players. He markets himself professionally and yet continues in unprofessional behavior. I have worked for the past 6 years, and here's the sad truth.   1) Being a douche drives away a customer base. If you are acting negatively on the clock that ends up reflecting poorly upon your employer.   2) If you are a consumer you have 100% right to take your brand, influence, clientele or business elsewhere if you feel harassed.   3) Abuse is abuse. For everyone saying to suck it up, feel free to eat those words the next time you report a toxic player. Because you just need to be less sensitive, assholes exist, right? The League community totally doesn't have a system to punish people for bad behavior.   4) Reggi is thinking of what's best for his team. Why should he subject them to having to go through getting slammed by someone with a chip on their shoulder when he could go to a different place for exposure with someone who will touch on the good as well as the bad?   5)The two hosts, along with occasional guests, discuss topics of interest to hardcore enthusiasts of the professional League of Legends scene. Spanning all of the major competitive regions, the show takes its cues from topical themes to inform the in-depth discussions each episode revolves around.   ^ That is the literally definition of Summoning Insight. That means that they are supposed to discuss topics related to league. That does not give them the right to VERBALLY HARASS (a punishable tribunal offense) other members of the community.
1	I just graduated University and I had the same problem where I crammed and just had major procrastination issues in general. However, studying ahead of time or even just taking time out of your day to simply review the material lets it get stuck in your long term memory, and of course lets you be better prepared.   The first step was just forcing myself to do the work which was a lot harder than it sounded. My schedule turned into something like come home, play a match, make dinner, and then start doing my work. I found that it helped to study and review while in an area I designated for work away from my computer. That let my mind realize it was time to work, whereas being around my computer just made me antsy.   In other words, forcing yourself to spend even an hour or two a night saves you from cramming and panicking the night before. It was worth the initial pain of having to change my habits, but feeling like I wasn't dying or behind on school has made me never go back to procrastinating. It takes work though.   Also: designate a day or two to have as a break day. If you rationed your work out, having a break day will eliminate the guilt of not doing any work because you already did most of it or are caught up. That way you can have a whole day of not worrying and just having a good time.   But,
1	Wat? are you serious? I got raged at, being 12/2/10 Jax split pushing and TAKING THE ENEMY INHIB, because this guy playing Corki gets caught out every other minute in the game and they lose teamfights 4v5 (anyway they didn't have to fight).
1	The Mumble server exists as a virtual machine on a node in my development cluster. I was adding another node to the cluster, but for some reason the SAN was not accepting connections from the node. I made some configuration changes to the SAN and restarted the service. (in practice this shouldn't be long enough of an I/O interrupt to cause an issue). Unfortunately I must have made a change that affected the active node, because it lost all connections to the SAN.   I had the new node and active node not able to access the SAN and a third node accessing it without a problem. So, in some way or another I rebooted the previously active node, which prompted Linux to sit and wait for a connection to the SAN as it was specified in fstab. The only way to fix the connection would be to cancel the attempted mount and fix the script pre boot.   This normally would not have been a problem since all of our servers have KVM/IP connected to it. Murphy took a role and the KVM had a bad cable/connection which meant to get the system back online it would take me physically visiting the machine or repairing the cable. On top of that Detroit was under winter storm advisory and we were expecting 2-4 inches of snow/slush/ICE mix which meant a interesting drive that is 45-60 min on a clear day.   I avoided this by getting the new node connected (the third node is a non-linux host) and activating the redundancy built into our system. This allowed me to bring the VM up with no changes involved and faster than I expected.
1	i think deny her red buff would be a better choice, from the new kit, she only have MS boosts so she needs some kind of cc to gank more effectively, and the slow on red helps. I havent got my hands on her yet but looking from the kit and the video, she could very well be ganking at level 2 and red buff will allow her to do that.
0	As an Asian:   Many successful/wealthy parents have high expectations of their children and want them to be just as successful, so they do things like immigrate to the US to be able to go to better universities and become proficient in English. Sometimes they have lower expectations of white people so when a white guy does better than them on an exam or something, they think its not because they're smart, it's because he's incompetent. So they become desperate,  and marks become priority over ethics, fairness, the learning experience, and pretty much everything else. To many Asians marks and degrees mean jobs, even if that's not the case in this generation anymore. They think that if you don't get a job even with high marks and reputable degrees, it's not because that way of thinking is obsolete, but because their marks aren't high enough and their degrees aren't good enough.
0	Was a maybe a couple of years old kid with his mother on the same bus as me, crying  constantly  for 15+ minutes. Why? Because he wanted a gum. He wanted it now. He wanted a gum. Crying that for 15+ minutes. PLEASE don't create those monsters. Even if the mother didn't give it to him during the trip I dare guess that behavior usually worked for the kid. Keep treating your kids like babies and they will act like babies.
0	When I was a sophomore in highschool, My mom was out of town and I had nothing to do; as my sister was on the computer playing Sims. So, I decided to whittle some soap for my mom as a welcome home present, Because it couldn't be to hard right? Well, long story short I sliced my finger clean open and it got so deep you could see bone. So instead of going to the hospital, I freak out and tell my sister (20 at the time) to not tell mom and lets go to walgreens and get some band-aids. She's panicking, so she agrees and we're off.   We arrive and i dart directly to the pharmacy. (They have white coats so they know best, right?) I ask the lady behind the counter if she thinks i might need stitches. (at this point, my hand is wrapped with about a half a roll of paper towel.) She tells me to unroll it, and i get about halfway down and the amount of blood seems to double after each unravel. The look on her face was "Wtf bro, your hand is literally dripping blood, and you think a band-aid will fix it?" She says to go to a hospital immediately. My sister and I oblige,  BUT FIRST  we just  HAVE  to get some gauze wrap, because we don't want my mom to know. but there is a line. a long line.   So here I am, My hand above my head (because I saw it on  untold stories of the E.R.  and it saved a mans life or something), blood dripping down my arm, I feel like I'm losing consciousness,  and people are staring. I begin to feel so lightheaded I start to panick, and make sure I'm still awake and not dreaming by screaming. Yup, I started screaming. In the middle of the line. At a walgreens. ಠ_ಠ. I begin yelling "I THINK I MIGHT PASS OUT" and "AM I STILL AWAKE?" and "IT DOESN'T HURT, AM I GOING INTO SHOCK?!". My sister at this point is freaking out. So we get moved to the front of the line, and we're out of the store. When we arrive at the emergency room, we do all the monotonous paper work, and they said the doctor will see me shortly. I'm not panicking as much because, hey, if I pass out here there are a bunch of doctors around! The woman then asks me "Was the blade clean?" and I snicker to myself and say "well, I was cutting soap." She cringed and went to get the doctor for the stitches.
0	That would have made sense, if your knowledge of spanish would have made you understand word. And later you said you don't know the word and it's from some small dialect.
1	Ok  cracks knuckles  I got this.  First of all your main goal is to aid your ADC in winning lanes through skirmishes or dis-engagements. This will be dependent on which support you choose to play.  For example strong skirmishers would be Leona or Thresh. Strong dis-engager would be Janna and Nami.   In my experience as a support main the last 3 seasons, the best way to contribute to your team overall is by grabbing items useful to your entire team, for example Locket, Sightstone, Vision Wards and Mikael's.   Another major way to contribute to your teams success as a support player is to have a strong team-fighting mentality. This mentality should be like a mental switch, and will be based on the current champion. For this example I will use my personal two most dominant support champions.   Scenario 1: I'm playing as a support Leona and we end up clashing with the enemy team as a 5v5 in mid. I instantly see the enemy ADC walking into position to start chucking out auto-attacks. As a Leona I will have two options: Chuck out an W-E-Q combo or throw out an initial R. My best bet will be to throw out an R if it can hit  AT LEAST  3 people, if not I will usually save it till about the middle of the fight to disrupt the enemy's flow in battle. Since throwing my R is not an option I opt to go for an W-E-Q combo straight onto the enemy ADC. Because of this combo the enemy team loses a major damage dealer. This gives a greater chance to my team to win the fight .   Scenario 2: I'm playing as a support Morgana and we end up clashing with the enemy team as a 5v5 in mid. Since Morgana does not have a more focus based kit like Leona I will be looking for a key moment to use my ult on a  MINIMUM  of 3 people. In the fight I will run into the middle of the team at the moment they are clumped up the most (You can flash for this if you deem it necessary.) and drop an R. Now in this moment you will likely be focused down which is why it is key to build a Zhonya's as fast as possible. If they don't focus you down it's because they are likely running away trying to evade your ultimate's stun. After that if the fight continues your mindset should be throwing out useful Q's to lockdown "Kitey" champions or plain out keep enemies off your damage dealers, as well as throwing out E's to keep loads of CC off your carries.   In either scenario a Mikael's would supplement either support, but some supports like Leona are too tank based to have room in their build for it. You can throw it in if you want it but otherwise it's usually advised against, as a frozen heart can usually be more beneficial for example.
1	This ignores the fact that there are several locations where a trap, notably Mushrooms, cannot be avoided. On a small map this is devastating. If I know a mushroom is in a location on SR, I can go around it. This is area control; I take a longer, less desirable path. On TT there are several spots where the walls are so close that a mushroom is total area denial; this sucks.
1	Doesn't anyone see that this refunding an honesty stuff makes him even more famous? I think this is a marketing trick to just generate more publicity. Also with what he did he'll come out as the nice guy, you can't really say a lot of negative things that he can make seem like little issues with talking about human mistakes and being sorry for it. This was a fucking genius move and you've finally reached your initial goal to create a big viewerbase quickly. You used a "wrong thing" that you'd fix later on to get what you'd not get that easily if you didn't.
1	I feel so sorry for EU team after reading today's comments on reddit. I get it, many of us were rooting for them and are very disappointed today, that's normal, it just shows how big of a fan you are. However, turning disappointment into anger is not cool. They didn't win, it sucks, but it doesn't mean we need to find exactly who to blame and then flame the shit out of them.   Don't you think it sucks enough for these players (and Harry, he's getting flamed aswell) that they lost a match so hyped. Don't you think they know they disappointed EU fans. Don't you think they're frustrated by the fact they didn't get to train enough. Then imagine one of them coming to reddit and reading about how they're lazy, how they didn't even want to be there, how they didn't care, how X players should've been voted instead of them. Especially since quite a few things (like trouble with organizing scrims, visa issues) might've been out of their control. Flaming the shit out of them won't suddenly make EU win, and it won't make either you or the players feel better.
0	Have you heard of the FFA, and 4H. Those are predominantly white. Furthermore, "white" isn't an ethnicity or race. Norwegian, Swedish, German, English, Russian, those are races composed of largely caucasian individuals. If it was a group that formed solely to exclude non white individuals based on skin color that would be blatant racism.
0	This is actually pretty incredibly wrong. Many pyramid schemes don't make you pay anything directly but just let you sell stuff for them for commission. They sell you on the job by making you believe you're hired as a manager of your own business and the "business packages", which would be equivalent to a franchise for example, is the product you either sell or have someone sell for you. This common system is perfectly demonstrated in Episode 17 Season 4 of King of the Hill (available on Netflix).   Also, as Hotwir3's case, many people have to pay for certain things when they get hired for legitimate jobs.
0	Cellulite, yes, I don't hate plant people. Pretty good analysis, except it's aimed at the wrong individual. I have done everything you have said and more, and I have never spoken in the way I just did to her face. Like I said, I have an asshole account, and the point of it is a place where I can be completely unguarded, uncaring, and uninterested in anything anyone else may think. Everyone else may choose to act that way on their "real" account as someone else commented, but I would like to not make my sister kill herself. She knows my main account, a lot of people do. I avoid the subject of her weight like the plague, because I fear that she is actually depressed. My evidence for this is that the "reward" system you suggested doesn't have any effect, and I have tried it, so has my mother, and my siblings. She refuses to do any physical exercise of any kind, and presents hypochondriac like symptoms when prompted to work out (she claims all kinds of stuff like twisted ankles, bum knees, severe asthma, etc).   anyhow, this isn't about her. I do not regret anything I wrote, but not for the reason that I am arrogant (I am), young, opinionated, hard headed, etc. I am disgusted by the state of my nation, by the amount of money wasted on people who could solve their health issues by eating healthier and walking a bit more, by the absurd notions people have that is somehow not their fault if they are obese (excepting a very small population of people who really can't help it due to disorders etc.), and by the fact that being obese has been classified as a DISEASE.
0	This sentiment gets posted a lot, so let's present it in a different fashion.   There was a time not many decades ago when women were generally not a part of the workforce. Men were the breadwinners, and women generally finished high school and immediately started on the hunt for a husband to take care of them. Women typically didn't have much of an income, if any, and this would make it rather ridiculous for a woman to ask a man on a date -- she would essentially be asking "would you like to buy me dinner?" And so it was cultural convention, largely by necessity, for men to do the asking, as they would also be the ones doing the paying (and when it came to marriage, the man would do the proposing for similar reasons).   We no longer live in that era. Sure, pay rates are not equivalent yet, but women are well-integrated into the workforce and the previous financial dynamics of dating no longer apply. Clinging to the idea that men are "supposed to" do the asking is really just clinging to an antiquated tradition without remembering why.   So forget shyness. Men and women can both ask one another out because  this isn't the fucking 1950s.
1	In my book, being a anime freak is different from being a anime freak that shows his body pillow of naked anime man proudly on youtube in a house-tour for his LoL-team. So
1	If you don't want to be included in the Bronze player hate, there are two things you can do:   1) Get out of Bronze.  If you don't like being included in that tier, do something about it.  Improve your skills.  Climb out of Bronze.  Not for everyone else, but for yourself.  As a former Bronze player, I can tell you that it feels damn good to get out of that toxic dumping ground.   2) Get over it.  If you don't want to improve, you just don't care enough to do so, then stop worrying.  This is the internet, where you are always going to see someone making fun of SOMETHING just because they can.  My advice for this is to grow some thicker skin and just move on.  Crying about it doesn't help anything, and won't stop the trolls
1	nice write up :) Although it may have been implied, you might add in the support tips to buy wards with all your extra cash after you buy.  So many supports will just get ruby sightstone and not buy anymore greens.  If you spend all your extra cash on pinks thats cool, but in some cases I like to buy a full 5 stack (or 2 sometimes!) of greens and just litter them everywhere as I move around with my team.  This is especially good in solo queue, where unless you have a lee sin jungle, lots of times you're the only person that buys ANY WARDS after the lane phase.
0	I don't understand why people are so rude to people who work in a customer service type of job. The only time I act 'rude' is if the worker starts it first. Even then, I don't say anything mean. I mean, what's the point of making someone feel bad. If anything, I try to make someones day better. I work in a restaurant and the servers always deal with rude customers. I know it stresses them out (sadly I have to deal with it because they can take it out on me). That's why, I try to tip as much as I can. I mean, $7 tips on $17 tickets at waffle house. Not quite 50%, but its better than a couple bucks.
1	Recently I played solo top fiora against a gragas. The lane was incredibly even, and we each had our moments (He left with more kills but I left with twice his CS, without jungle ganks due to ping). We both acted maturely and enjoyed the game, complemented eachother on good plays. In the end my team won, and we won graciously and they lost graciously, there were no hard feelings, and was one of the nicest games I ever played. Even if its for a strategic reason, its generally funner and nicer to just play and acknowledge when you've been beat rather than resort to nit picking at small mistakes someone has until they mess up big. I'd rather know that my skill is what won rather than the chat box. I dont rage when the other team mocks my play, but I dont enjoy it either.
0	Since thyroid disease is being mentioned in this thread, I figured i'd add my $0.02. My mother has a severe case of thyroid disease. Years before she reached a weight that was considered obese, she would only eat 500 calories a day. Three years ago, she was prescribed medication. Now she is terribly thin (about 10% under weight) ,but refuses to eat more than 500 calories a day because of how she was treated her whole life.  I am not trying to promote obesity ,but I do think that fat shaming is wrong.
1	Day[9] is probably my favorite person to just sit and watch. As somebody who knows psychology, I'd have to say that I'd be very surprised if DayJay had never studied up on a bit of psychology himself. A lot of what he has to say that revolves even loosely around psychology is very accurate.   OP, listen to the advice Day[9] has to give. He knows his stuff even if the game isn't League. You get into ranked queue in order to improve yourself by facing people around your skill level. If you get placed with trolls, ignore them in game, report them afterward if you can, and hope the tribunal does its work.   Also, it's important to take a break after frustrating games. If you immediately re-que, you run the risk of still being on tilt and playing at a lower level comparatively, and may also run into the same trolls / feeders.   Take a ten-minute break. Get something refreshing to drink. Fresh tea or water works best. Take deep breaths, and if you can / know how, personal meditating for ~5 minutes to light music is very soothing.
0	No; yourself for not having the self confidence to post it in r/Politics. All I am saying is, if I was in your position, I'd be embarrassed for hiding in another subreddit to voice your complaints rather than go to the subreddit you are complaining about.
1	I really enjoy playing GP mid, I tend to get an early avarice blade, then into Hydra. The passive from your q and the avarice blade allow you to get a lot of gold early on.From there I like to go shiv and then either iceborn or IE. The damage output onto a squishy ap mid can be scary with just 1 q and a shiv proc the only real down side to this is that late game is kinda bad.
1	ACTIVE MAGIC DAMAGE: 250 / 375 / 500 (+ 100% AP) These are the values for blitzcranks ult.  damage is on parem scaling is way better, adds a 0,5 sec silence and is much easier to hit 5 members of the enemy team.  with 40% CDR you can use it every 16 seconds.
1	There is currently no better CDR item.  Usually people just forgo the CDR, and end up with an inventory with Boots / BT / LW / GA / a number of other things, often a second BT, maybe a Randuins or maybe a Maw.
1	Uhh, luckily you went full retard first when you dismissed a comment on the basis on me being bronze. Which is simply an ad hominem logical fallacy.   Then when I simply said Cassio is not as Q reliant as Ahri is E reliant, you misinterpred it as me saying 'Cassio is easier than Ahri'.   And when I pointed that specific thing to you, you answered 'Yes but Ahri has R to get away' which is as non-sensical and out of context as one can get.   Comment tree is about single spell reliance > You mention Cassio > I say she's not single spell reliant at all > You say I'm bronze because I'm saying she's easier than ahri > I point out that wasn't what I said at all > You keep explaining why she's harder... Quit hard not to rage when you miss the point that damn hard.
1	The thing I don't understand is why we as a community cripple ourselves when it comes to a better player experience because we always worry about how some players can abuse it. In all honesty, it's really silly the fact that we question ourselves when it comes to great features whether a small percentage will abuse it, and even if they did, I'm sure we could build on that system instead of just contemplating how abused it would be cause right now there is no progress. ( I mean I'm sure riot are doing things behind the scenes)   The way I see it, you miss all the shots you don't take.
1	I like Karma as much as anyone, but she really isn't anywhere near as good as you make her out to be.   Her sustain is pretty awful.  At level 1 it heals for about 65 hp, and you can only use it 2 times a minute until level 7.  At level 5 it does about 180 2 times every 50 seconds.   Compare to soraka who heals for about 70 at level 1 and can do it 3 times a minute, and at 5 its 350 3 times a minute.  Alistar at level 1 is 60 and its 5 times a minute and at level 5 it's 180 5 times a minute.   Soraka's heal might not be AoE but it's still much higher heals and it gives the huge armor boost which negates a ton of damage if used correctly.   So karma's sustain is far from great, the damage aspect of her Q is decent, but it's such short range that there is a good chance that if you're trying to poke with it than most of the time you're going not going to outdamage the incoming trade.  Than if you try to use your shield for more poke than lose your ability to sustain.   So the problem karma has in lane is she has the choice of being an aggresive poker with maxing her shield or a mediocre sustainer by maxing Q.  You can't really be both at the same time.   The only support role she plays well is aggressive poker, but still I'd put alistar and leona above her in terms of aggressive supports.  She also falls off really hard lategame if you build her as a support as without items her damage and heals are pretty negligible late, and she has no utily.   So I really disagree that she can just as powerful as the more common supports, the difference between karma mid and other mids is much smaller than karma support and other supports actually in my opinion.   Although with all that said play who you want, as long as you support your AD and don't just spam Q or E and steal all his farm it doesn't really matter.   Also orianna is great, people are just sceptical that people in solo Q can play her so they don't give people the benefit of the doubt.
0	The mean of a set of numbers and the average of a set of numbers are synonymous.
1	As a jungler, if the two laners kill eachother dont go there late and push the wave leaving 2 full waves to be given to the enemy laner to get a huge exp advantage on your solo laner.  You single handledly just lost your team a lane if you don't make it up with ganks from the two levels you took from your team. (especially if it's top)
1	I thought mineski had that fight in mid and they gave probably one of the top 5 teams a run for there money when they had a 10k gold lead.   But GG;EU is playing terribly I wish PaIn went as well as SGS since they got robbed and CHAOWY
1	Normal is not 'for learning.' As in, that isn't the purpose of normals. Many people take normals seriously. I frequently play with more than 2 but less than 5 friends, so normals is the only option. There is also a huge skill difference between each of us. Ranked isn't even a good option with just 2 of us. I play ranked alone, or with someone around my skill level(not super high but our range of players is from new 30 to 1500 wins). We also play ranked 5s.   That said, normals is a great place to learn. We play normals starting at level 1. IMO people should avoid bots except maybe the first 5 levels.   Ranked is a place for learning too. That is how you get better and progress. Maybe not a good place to first time play a champ, or play someone you are weak at, but learning is still the goal in ranked.   People are idiots. Ignore people flaming for not playing vs bots. Bots are not good for learning champs once you have been playing a while, and they are never as good as other players. This is especially true for landing things like cho's Q.
0	Different person with gold here, pretty sure there is no NDA regarding r/lounge so I'll just go ahead and say it's pretty much an r/circlejerk where instead of making fun of reddit we all act as if we were incredibly wealthy, the novelty wore off for me quickly, beyond that you get discounts on some external services, though it's quite unlikely you are already using most of those services, there is also form of lottery in the reddit store where you can win a golden tikkit each month, also you can send replies to your links or posts with your username in it directly to your inbox, which is useful for people like unidan who like to stay in touch with their adoring fans, and finally you get the "my random" button which picks a random subreddit from your current list of subscribed subreddits, though I feel that defeats the purpose of hitting random.   I probably forgot something but that's pretty much the gist of my experience with gold so far.
0	I like the use of
1	Alright i'm going to give some criticism while trying to not sound like a flameking.   >* Editing   Editing was meh (imo) the colour-correction with the tint and the light-strobe effects ruined some parts that could have been nicer.   >* The clips.   Clips was meh aswell nothing really special, something you would gather in a day (you should take more time to gather clips, will bring up the quality alot)   >* The music.   Suprisingly i actually liked the music, it fit the style you were going for and it wasnt just Drum'n'Bass like most League of Legends montages/edits, However for my personal taste i think League montages should have abit more "epic" music, like movie music-themes or orchestra-type of music.
1	You are playing Leona support seemingly the majority of your games. I advise never to play Leona unless you are completely confident in your ability and the ability of your AD. Unless you are relatively proficient with Leona, you rely too much on your AD to follow up and at this depth of the Leagues, it's typically not wise. Now I'm not saying your trash leona, but you don't seem to be up to the level of proficiency with leona that you need to be in solo queue for you to make it work. I learned that leona w/o coordination for me is a bad matchup I just can't do it in solo queue I don't play her well enough to warrant picking her.   If you want to continue playing support try supports that can set stuff up for your allies but also not have to go all in to create opportunities. Nami for instance is my favorite support her kit lends herself extremely well to not only set up kills, but also provides sustain with her Heal that can bounce to enemies and do damage as well as bounce from ally>enemy>ally for more healing. She also possesses an extremely underated disengage kit with her Passive+ Bubble+Ultimate. The hardest part with Nami is landing her Q but if you do miss a Q typically it isn't the end of the world with decent positioning.   I'm by no means a pro or even remotely great, just your average Gold I/promo for Plat player. If you are on the NA server, you can message me your summoner name and I'd be glad to do some normals with you and we might be able to learn off each other if not you might learn a few things. I personally was an ADC at heart love the role, but due to last pick being where I landed most games in my early ranked attempts I've picked up support and love it. Playing an adc prior also gave me an appreciation and a better understanding in playing the support roles.   So just message me if you'd like to play normals sometime to work on mechanics together.
1	my 2cents, as posted on the thread:                         Spear THrow: bleed effect is a great idea, and will make him a great harrasser/ last hitter, (add some CD to compensate). Stun: leave as is. HS: add a slow while enemy is caught in cone (slow removed instantly once they're out). this will add more dmg naturally on cast, and makes some sense as it would be hard to move with getting 10,000 spears jabbed in your face. Fix audio & visual (bug?) when Panth leaves a HS prematurely. Skyfall: have the range scale up with each level, less channel time (which means warning circle adjustments). Passive: make it have anti-mage abilities without it being a built in banshees veil. I think this needs the most thought. And if he still feels weak-ish, tweak ult impact dmg, not by much since it will be easier to hit ppl now with the lower channel time
0	The only reason I think it's different is because college applications hopefully only happen senior or junior year. He does not have to do that maybe even a month from now. It has only been a week into the new school year for several people.   I work and go to college classes as well I know what it's like. I don't agree with the message of this post because life can be generally harder for some people in school. I do not volunteer but I don't think im a bad person, I just have bills to pay so I work. It just seemed like an overstatement to say 80 hours a week. And maybe he/she exaggerated on purpose.   Yes, work is any labor, physical and mental that can be done I understand that, but it is also synonymous with employment. I'm really asking where do we draw the line? Is work any task you don't feel like doing now, because there are a lot of things I don't want to do but I do not consider them work.
1	It's alot of older players, and it's actually pretty interesting from a sociatal stand point how all of this went down. Pretty much he started the reignofgaming site, which consisted of a few tier lists. These tier list were the first real guide lines to non pro players on what to play and how strong it was. People acted like these tier lists were the bible and it ended up being a HUGE detriment to the league community. It gave people a reason to be toxic, and because a pro stood behind it there was a huge circlejerk if you picked anything considered low tier, playing then was infuriating. People really disliked him for it and bashed him REALLY hard. Like people have killed themselves over some of the things people were telling him, it got pretty out of hand. So he went on tilt (I'm assuming now) as he is an emotional guy and got kicked from team after team. Now people hate him just to hate him, kinda like teemo, and he rages alot but that has more to do with actual trolls who are actively trying to lose games they're in with him. And that's where we are now.
0	In the first grade of elementary school (no idea how that translates, 6-7y old), a kid I was assigned to sit next to would not stop bothering me, ever. One day, I got so sick of it, I told him if he didn't shut up right then and there, I'd stab him. He didn't listen. Ten seconds later, my pencil shattered against the desk...through his hand.   Completing this anecdote: Much, much later, when we were grown up, I encountered him at a bar. He didn't recognize me. He's still an angry prick...with a very visible hole shape in his right hand. Made me giggle.
1	I have never had any problems on lane with Tristana. Yes, your E pushes the lane, but it's also an amazing harass for enemies stupid enough to get near their creeps when attempting to last hit.   AND   Even if it pushes the lane, that's one of the ways in which Tristana's gameplay works. You push the lane so fast the enemies can't do anything about it, and when you get in tower range, you get +90% AS and rightclick towers in a few minion waves. And even if you get ganked, your W and your R make an AMAZING escape mechanism. Add in a support like Janna, Alistar or Lulu and you get an amazing lane. (It's, of course, necessary, that both you and your support know what the fuck you are doing.)
1	By the logic of "low mobility/no escape" kog'maw falls off late game too... That logic is flawed like no other. In an orchestrated team environment its not likely to see a kog/twitch pick unless you're going to pick around them to protect them. For dive comps like xin/olaf like you mentioned you play a siege comp. If anyone points out "OH BUT SIEGE DOESNT WORK VS DIVE LOOK AT CLG vs CURSE" i hate to disappoint you but you're wrong. Siege works well vs dive comps (xin/olaf) and the reason why clg lost to curse in that matchup is because Curse Voyboy (olaf) and Curse stvicious (xin) kept finding people out of place and snowballed out of control due to it.
1	Make it a blind, game-wide vote, but give players incentive to vote for the true MvP. Give the MvP a /slight/ LP or MMR boost in ranked (normal queue votes wouldn't count towards it, i don't think? they can still count towards a banner vote count or something, though).   Is it obvious that someone on the other team carried them through it all? Vote for them and get them out of your league so they can play in the league they deserve to better normalize the player skill of those you'll be playing with and give yourself a better chance to prove yourself through your play in future games. Bitter over a loss and don't want to vote for anyone? Fine. You can't vote for yourself and throwing away a vote over a team wide vote shouldn't be too bad.   This would obviously have to be monitored somehow to make sure the effects of the LP or MMR boost aren't too drastic. I'd say it even warrants some testing before full implementation. A trial period where Riot would give the community a chance to make their ranked play better.   Hopefully it's feasible to implement the system and gather info on it for testing of the effects of the LP or MMR boost before actually making it apply just to make sure it'd have a positive affect. But if it doesn't work I guess we can just throw it away and I'll publicly apologize for the incident.
1	Champion: Fizz, because he has no counter play, can become un-targetable, and can kill anyone who has 200MR with no items.   Item: Lyandrys Torment. The base stats for it are extremely over powered. Early game rush means you can bully even tanky people out of lane faster then normal.   Ability: hmmmm, this one is though provoking. On one hand I would say Shen's ult cause of the shield. But he can be interrupted during the channel.      Then there's soraka's Ult, cause she can be on the other side of the map and heal everyone at once.      Know what lets just agree the "global" ults are going to be removed if i could pay. Why you may ask? It' can NOT be countered, unless it's a channel. Well gp's ult No cause it's useless anyway.
1	Usually it's caused by one team not wanting a 1v1 or 2v2 so they do the lane swap. By lane swapping, if both do not do it, a jungler will come to aid in the pushing. The other team notices it and does the same. It can also work if you have a noticeably faster tower pusher (ex. jinx), you can hope to catch your opponent off guard and get more towers than they do in the short push. Now that teams know it can happen, it's a lot more about noticing if the other team does a lane swap, and usually results in no net gain for either team (except bot lane has easier dragon access)
1	I dont know if you guys remember it but doublelift got trolled by a "fan" whos name is "aphromo" a while back (notice that the real aphros name is "aphromOO"). He invited DL to duoQ and dlift accepted blindly. So the game starts and DL realized that he played with a silver player. He easily won the game duo to people being lower mrr then him. He carried hard as ezreal. So in the end DL said something in the lines of "so i can just duoQ with a bronze and climb ladder for free".
1	Uhh nothing will happen to poppy. Sadly MIL showed exactly how not to play as a pro team.   Let me explain why.   THEY LET MUNDO 1v1 POPPY dumbest thing you can do as a pro team. Poppy should have been at half the CS mundo have if done well.
1	He's a pub-stomp hero that will be nerfed due to the majority of players thinking he is over-powered and not knowing how to counter him; however, he will see very little competitive play as he does not bring anything to the table except raw damage. I've compared him to many other popular tops and his raw DPS is significantly higher than many other tops. Good players will know how to deal with him, bad players will lose to him.
1	Nothing like that, i mean punishments are part of a reform process. Some games put players they deem toxic with only other players they deem as toxic. This makes people either realize the flame isn't worth it or makes them super upset and they come out even more toxic. This idea is to show people what it feels like to be on the other side. no one really has the perfect solution to this however it's a pretty hard thing to do.
1	I don't see how he's still playing competively, last season his highest ever rank was diamond 3, which for a pro is just simply not good enough(before you say shit like "diamondprox was platinum in s2" yeah well s2 plat was rather high.
1	How? because OP = OP, it doesn't matter in what level of play, IF something is OP, he'll be OP regardless of level of play.   OP =\= pubstomper =\= auto win.   Being OP doesn't mean it'll be an insta win in competitive play, it only means the OP champion will have an advantage, that champion can still lose if outplayed \ outpicked, no one is saying otherwise, but losing doesn't make the CHAMPION less OP, just means the player was most likely less skilled.
1	You're 99% right. Because jungler in coop vs ai games usually just makes few players have no fun. Bot = frag. Weak top = "i cant kill bots". So we have unfun top lane experience. Then our jungler takes mid and bot frags by not necessary ganks making mid and bot laners upset (they wanted those kills for themselves).
1	We Americans cover a much larger landmass than Koreans.  In places like the Midwest where suburban sprawl is unavoidable, driving cars is required.  On the flip side, people in NYC walk all the time.   And Americans work more hours in a day, on average, than any comparable worker in any country in the world.
1	I think he's mad :( . Seriously, he could expose his point of view without all that bm and shitting on the community. Also the lack of redacting skills... well i'll leave it here.
0	You may need to learn how to convey your views a little better to someone that doesn't share them.   Yeah, however sometimes it is their problem not mine. I base a lot of my reasoning on the philosophy behind proper hypothesis testing for example. I've tried to help some really smart folks help undergrads in chemical engineering understand proper statistical and probabilistic reasoning and it doesn't work the greatest. Pretty much everyone seems to hate statistics and even the dumbest of those kids is typically much smarter than the average non-engineer. This helps lead folks to make shitty inferences from insignificant experience or a complete lack thereof.   >Many of my friends enjoy asking my perspective on things because they understand that I usually have a different take than the tv will give. Try not to sound like such a douche and maybe they won't think you are a psychopath.   Most of my friends recognize I am smart and have had different experiences than they've had, like getting victimized by some stupid mexicans in a wanna be gang and re-victimized by the cops shortly after. I think their biggest problem is the different take than TV. They like the TV. The warm safety of its political correctness is comforting I think. They freak out when I am cool killing people not just to protect my life, but my liberty or property as well. For example, allegedly my TV shouldn't be worth more than some evil jackasses life. Even if I am tactful and explain how life, liberty, and property are interconnected, that without one of the three the other two are meaningless, it doesn't matter. Even if I refrain from talking about how I'd shoot the bad guy stealing my TV in the head and skull fuck the brain hole, it doesn't matter.
1	I think they handled it poorly. I don't remember who said it, but 80% of the people who lost their runes got them back shortly after the servers came back up. Yet, these people still got the RP. It would seem unfair to the majority, because those 80% couldn't have possibly been playing, anyway.   Now, had they credited the 20% that didn't have their runes back immediately, I'm sure there would be much less of an uproar (give or take the few that cry regardless of what Riot does).   I don't care either way (obviously I want free RP but I'm not going to ragequit/ragepost/kill babies over it).   Also, Pendragon may have trolled a little bit too hard.
1	the oficial announcement says nothing about it coming back, also that icon and border are pretty much the ugliest thing that could happen, they even agreed to that
1	Silver is just the average level for the community. People won't admit it, or say they deserve to be better but play enough games and you will climb.   Example: I was silver all of last season. By the end of season 3 I was silver one almost at promos and ended up not making the cut. My friends who were mostly platinum and Diamond would play normals all the time with me and tell me my mechanics are gold if not Plat but my decision making and lack of game knowledge as a whole was holding me back. So for a while I believed I was better than everyone.   Season 4 rolled in and I hit silver 4 off the bat and assumed I was destined to be silver again this season but I started to think every game I'd lose less if I died less. And what do you know, by making better decisions or not following two idiots into a 3v5 and giving our team a chance at a 3v5 under tower while the other two are raging while dead, I've won more games and sure enough I climbed to Gold 1 and hovered between gold 2 and 1 for about 600 games now.   The point is that you will climb even with loss streaks as long as you don't make bad decisions. Making bad calls and decisions will cost you games and then keep you where you are.
1	I feel kind of dirty by cheering for Vulcun since I really wanted CLG, C9 TSM worlds but omg it feels so good to win O_O
0	That in the middle though. Been in a relationship for over 2 years. Starts getting rocky, i try harder, it gets worse. Decided that I need to focus on me being happy so I stop texting as much, we dont talk on the phone as much and now she wants to see me more and is interested in sex quite a bit more.
0	I actually disagree, I used to work at a CFA and it was the worst two years of my life. I would come in on days off to help out, I would work harder than necessary, I worked every position [Including the CFA Cow] and I was always at the bottom of the list when they promoted people. And then to top it all off, they took me off the schedule and fired me when I refused to go to church with the owner.
0	I was in the middle of a mountain road outside of city limits.  I use it as a shortcut to get back and forth between two towns and only twice in 3 years have I seen a cop, but only because they used it for the same reason I do.
1	Decent video overall, but anyone bothered by how many mistakes they made? I can chalk them mistaking the lulu buff numbers( my god quas was off by a lot lol)   But, its pretty obvious they barely read the patch notes when lemon says Alistar will be good with new censor, and doesnt even mention Karma using it with her new shield he just talked about a few minutes ago   Good addition to the
1	Watching worlds didn't make me a better player, but I do have a good story about it   I went from silver to diamond this season, mostly on the bad habits I learned from watching nightblue3 (I'm a jungle main). I've noticed the difference in my play between silver me and diamond me is that in diamond I buy like, NO wards, screw the team I'm splitting, screw this laner I'm pushing his wave etc. I honestly think I became a worse player but improved my chances of winning in soloq.   Back in silver I would always buy tons of wards, (I didn't understand the consequenses of pushing waves early game), I bought an aegis almost every game, and I tried to help my team a best I could. Now I play very selfish, and all around less fun for my teammates in every way. (Though I am very supportive in chat)
1	For me just spend some time by browsing free to play champs and find someone you'll suitable with.  Spells scale with Attack Power / Attack Damage (in DotA, most of them have constant damage, regardless to stats and items). Forget about 4s+ disables, longest silence is about 3s and longest stun 2s. There are almost no nukers (like in DotA, when you can kill someone instantly (maybe there's one exception, yet you'll know when it's coming and he can do it like once per minute, two, so you can try to counterplay it :D )), stealth in combat (like Riki's, forget about stuff like that, Riot tries to make much more counterplay opportunities). Three types of damage (physical, magic, true) and two ways to reduce them (armor/magic resist respectively, true damage cannot be reduced, only prevented), items mostly gives stats, only few of them utility, just browse through them to find out details (
1	there is a difference between saying "dont condescend to me" and "dont be condescending". the first means to refer to someone as an inferior thus uplifting yourself in superiority. the second means to refer to the other person as if it was patronizing. but what do i know, i wasnt there.
0	Do enlighten us ignorant rabble about the "proper" way to celebrate? Whatever's percolating in your tiny little brain let's compare it to reality:   "In 19th century Ireland, "candles would be lit and prayers formally offered for the souls of the dead. After this the eating, drinking, and games would begin"   "In Scotland, youths went house-to-house on 31 October with masked, painted or blackened faces, often threatening to do mischief if they were not welcomed.[44] F. Marian McNeill suggests the ancient festival included people in costume representing the spirits, and that faces were marked with ashes taken from the sacred bonfire.[45] In parts of Wales, men went about dressed as fearsome beings called gwrachod.[44] In the late 19th and early 20th century, young people in Glamorgan and Orkney dressed as the opposite gender.[44] In parts of southern Ireland, the guisers included a hobby horse. A man dressed as a Láir Bhán (white mare) led youths house-to-house reciting verses—some of which had pagan overtones—in exchange for food. If the household donated food it could expect good fortune from the 'Muck Olla'; not doing so would bring misfortune.[46][47] Elsewhere in Europe, mumming and hobby horses were part of other yearly festivals. However, in the Celtic-speaking regions they were "particularly appropriate to a night upon which supernatural beings were said to be abroad and could be imitated or warded off by human wanderers".[44]   As early as the 18th century, "imitating malignant spirits" led to playing pranks in Ireland and the Scottish Highlands, and the practice eventually spread to England.[44] The "traditional illumination for guisers or pranksters abroad on the night in some places was provided by turnips or mangel wurzels, hollowed out to act as lanterns and often carved with grotesque faces to represent spirits or goblins".[44] These were common in parts of Ireland and the Scottish Highlands in 19th century,[44] as well as in Somerset (see Punkie Night). In the 20th century they spread to other parts of England and became generally known as jack-o'-lanterns.[44]"   rarely has a human being been so completely wrong and off base before, kudos.
1	IMO, Kha should be good all game if played right. He should be able to take any tools he needs to assassinate in most situations. But thats it. If he keeps the number one spot, it should be because he can choose to have damage, initiation range, aoe slow or reduced damage early on, not because his damage is insane, his gapcloser is ridiculous and his isolation damage is insane ect. He should have to evolve whats going to be the best for him at the time.   I suggest moving isolation to evolved Q completely, maybe, and keeping the damage in line with other fighters or even a bit less before. His W can have a better slow or gain some form of AD scaling (but not over the top) or can be cast while jumping when evolved, E is pretty fine and R needs a small nerf.
0	Listen to [this]( get back on that horse and plow away my man. Some people don't make it to the top of Everest on their first attempt, it's what they chose to do after that first failure that matters.
1	Me and 2 friends play TT very very often and I'm the theorycrafter of the team. One thing that is kind of ridiculous is displacement abilities and champions that scale from both ad and ap. IE: Jax and Kat absolutely destroy on this map due to the altars granting both ap and ad. If you're ahead on this map, it's very hard to lose becuase you can just keep taking their altar and (like op said) the lack of vision makes leaving base impossible. Once the enemy team comes in with both altars + Curse of the crushing wrath, you lose the game because of their insane bonus stats.
0	This reminds me of my science fair in 5th grade. We didn't have 1st, 2nd, or 3rd places (we had blue and red ribbons, blue for good projects and red for "showing effort") but you could tell who was winning by how many kids were flocking around the project admiring it. Anyway, I cloned some mushrooms (it was basically just artificial reproduction, but mushroom babies have the same DNA as the parent so you could call it cloning). Everyone thought it was awesome, and I had pretty much one of the best projects there, until this asshole comes in with  a fucking hovercraft  that his engineer father built for him, and everyone basically abandoned my project and my friends' projects to line up for a ride on the hovercraft.   But he let me ride it, so it was ok.
0	Stop acting like you give a shit about "health," you just hate fat people.   I'm sorry to be so aggressive, but fat people are bullied and treated like shit and there's one group that says that fat people are OK, and you all act like it's an outrage that they don't hate themselves.   Even though I'm thin, all you see in the media is that people have absolutely no value if they are fat and women especially, are taught to literally live in fear of being fat.   Also, you don't know their fucking life, you're not their fucking doctor, there are many fat people who lead active lives, but people assume that they just sit on the couch all day.  And I sit on the couch all day and eat junk food but no one ever gives a shit because I'm thin!   In conclusion, it's their body, it doesn't affect you, leave them alone!   (And don't talk about health care costs, because we ALL suffer from the effects of the unhealthy food we eat, people get heart disease all the time, even if they're not fat.)   Also, sorry for comment-ranting...
1	I'm a brazilian who born in Brazil and still live in Brazil.   u no brazil i es #1 brazil hueheuheueh   Edit: Seriously now, I'm brazilian too.   I must admit that I think it's hard to find some good brazilian players over there. Ok, I'm not the best, and I'm totally aware of it, but my "dream" is to make a good team of brazilians and play in go4lol and such things.
0	Speaking as a white male, I certainly wouldn't downvote you just for making the point that white people have privileges in American society, but on reddit that fact is often delivered with a snotty attitude and a vastly exaggerated estimation of what those privileges actually entail. That, I think, is what earns the downvotes. For the record, I upvoted you.   I mean, sure, I may not have as much trouble catching a taxi or dealing with the police, but it's not like I'm somehow immune to asshole cabbies or cops who abuse their authority.   Similarly, to your point that the vast majority of powerful people are white, yes, it's true. But that doesn't help me any. I have exactly as much chance to become president as you do: close to zero. Merely having white skin does not grant me any special access to wealth and power, because just like you, I wasn't born into the right family. Poverty made my childhood just as difficult as anyone else who grew up in my (mostly black) neighborhood.   Sure, there's institutional racism in America. But it's not like I'm the one who put it there. I never got to vote on whether or not white privilege or male privilege were going to be woven into the fabric of American society. Furthermore, it's not as if any of these privileges ever gave me any leg up. I had to bust my ass for everything I've ever gotten in life; nothing was ever handed over to me just because I'm white.   That's why I think a lot of white people on reddit are tired of hearing about all this. We didn't create this situation, most of us get absolutely nothing substantial out of it, yet we're made to feel as if it's somehow our fault. Most white male redditors are far too young for anyone to credibly lay the blame at our feet for institutional racism or sexism, yet we're the ones who get subjected to all the vitriol and venom because we represent The White Man.
1	As someone that mains mid and is in love with AP (and just generally mages in any game) I agree. The only new item I buy on AP champs is Liandry's Torment (Haunting Guise upgrade). AA Staff is the only item that changed mechanically that I buy, and I've never bothered with the new DFG. (Though I see it being strong on certain champs.) Most AP mids don't even have a good option for boots enchantments; I only bought +15 ms after I was full build, and Furor on Ryze. So yeah, builds changed a bit, but I get jealous when I see our Singed top with 5 totally new items.   Also, I'm the kind of person that tries EVERYTHING full AP. (Think Blitz, Leona, Janna, Amumu, Mao, Ali, Malph, Xin, Varus and of course good ol' Teemo. When Vi came out, the first thing I did was ask for her AP ratios.) Therefore, I hated Riot for the stacking cleavers. I mean, it made me win a game in which I played cleaver-stacking LB. And even after the nerf, I've seen more Kha'zix mid than Ahri...   My suggestion would be to lower the cost on Needlessly Large Rod (but adjust Deathcap, DFG and Zhonyas recepe cost so the total stays the same), nerf stacking HP and buff armor.
1	That's all fine and well, but what I am talking about is separate.  The contractual/legal shit is why  some  teams weren't paid, HOWEVER a bunch of teams had their payments DELAYED because NACL claimed they got fucked on funding.  I don't think NACL are bad guys or crooks.  Just incompetent at this early stage of their life
0	I don't have an opinion one way or another in this, but a thought/insight for you... Many people on welfare have at some point or another ruined their chance of having a proper bank account like you and I do. Our account allows us to use debit cards instead of waking around with 1,000 cash on us after pay day. They end up having to go to Walmart and pay to cash their paychecks or SSI checks and live in a cash world. They may not be scamming... what you likely saw is them right after getting paid and that is all the money they have to support their family for 2 weeks. May even be going to pay a car note or something right after buying groceries and won't have that money tomorrow... Just saying.
1	It is not stupid to compare the teo.. do you know why? Because a 1700 plat llayer has learned to consistently crush players in 1400 or 1500. If he couldn't he wouldn't be at 1700 (i.e. I wouldn't be at 1700).. using pro players was to make you critically think that your play at 1200 will lose you the game against other 1200 players where if another player in your exact same position could have carried that game 100% of the time. Your main concern as a 1200 elo player right now is coming to terms that another human in this world could sit in your exact chair with the champ u chose in a game u lost, and win it 100% of the time. The second you realize that, is the second you realize YOU are the only person who determines if you gain elo against the other 9 players you are pitted with.
1	I'm not really sure, anymore. It's been so long since Blitz has been open (and if open, then picked) that I'm not sure I'd be able to play him properly. =/   Otherwise, it's 'cause he's a safe pick than can initiate small skirmishes well (read: fights in lane, mostly), and has a lot of utility in teamfights later on as well.
1	there's different ways to play gragas atm, this was meant to split and wave clear, ong's is meant for kill pressure ant teamfighting, like, going ham and kill a squishy. Dyrus did pretty well, TSM just got outscaled and didn't recognized their momentum or capitalized on it (b4 yasuo's 3rd item) forzing objectives
0	Brandishing is when it is exposed in a threatening manner or with implied intent to use it. If I confront somebody on my property at 2am with a shotgun in my hands I brandished a shotgun (this isn't illegal though) or if someone is in an argument and pulls their coat to the side revealing a pistol in their waistband (this is typically illegal) it's brandishing. Exposing would be if I accidentally reveal my holstered gun or take out a gun in a non-threatening manner and without implied intent of use (ie showing somebody who asked, getting it out of the way to get to my wallet, etc.) In your situation it was a mistake on his part for causing it to look like brandishing when he was exposing his gun. Sorry for the long response.
0	I definitely agree with this, I made the mistake of not checking, and when we didn't have Internet for the first week I thought I was gonna die. It still kind of sucks too, going outside to make every call. This post definitely hit home... where there is no service.
0	I had a teacher that did something like this when I was a kid. She handed out an assignment, and told us the first kid to finish it would be the 'winner of the day', or something like that.   The assignment was a list of 20 tasks. #1 was "read all instructions carefully before beginning and make sure you fully understand them!"...the rest were little dumb things like "draw three squares in the top-left corner of the page", "stand up and circle your desk five times" and "yell out 'I am the best test-taker in the class!'"   Everyone was racing to finish the thing first, yelling out random shit, writing furiously, running around - myself included. And then, one by one, we got to #20: "Ignore #2 to #19. Sign your name to the test, quietly place it on my desk, and return to your seat."   None of us won. We felt like a bunch of tards, but I DID learn something important that day, and never forgot it.
1	Nobody will ever see this and it is against the meta, since it is to love Phreak hard, but I do not like him casting.   LCS has become the real deal and a major face of electronic sports for the US and EU scene and it is becoming professional and that is part of what draws in the new crowd. When people come to watch a professional game and hear Phreak as their first caster they associate it with an unprofessional spirit or mannerism. This is also why I don't like him casting.   To his defense, I am almost sure I would love to hang out with him and I'd imagine I'd get along with him. His memory/ability to recollect prior games and plays is almost unparalleled (except for maybe Monte Christo), his game understanding is top notch, and his strategy awareness is obviously above that of many of the other casters or even guys on the analyst desk.   The point is, his bad puns do not belong on the main stage for a game that is trying to become the face of professional esports as his mannerisms just aren't professional. A good pun every now and then would be fine, but he shotguns them in there and tries to fit as many puns as he possibly can. Despite how intelligent the guy clearly is, it doesn't come across as intelligent or professional.
0	What makes a man[...]?   [Is it the power in his hands? Is it his quest for glory?](
1	See, this is why it sucks to be matched with premade teams. Not only because of all the flaming and hate that goes on that targets the lone wolf, but because as the lone wolf, you can really feel the pressure to do well. If you don't do well, then you can easily go on tilt (has happened to me before).   I don't mean to say that I've never been on a 4-man premade team, I have. But when I do, I don't flame. I might get frustrated, but I don't tell anyone that. I also make sure that my friends aren't flaming the random, so it usually turns out okay.   Then the random starts flaming us, and at that point? Well...guess what's about to hit the fan?
1	PLEASE take this post down!!!! Swain does NOT need to become popular. He will just become fotm because people think they know his secrets (which everyone should already know) and play him because he is "OP", even when they cant land a single root and dont know when to E to max their damage, but he will be popular anyway and then nerfed.
0	Speaking as a person in the military, I say FUCK THIS RULE. Especially when you have more than 3-4 levels in your chain of command. It comes down from the CO: ok formation at 1500, Sgt Maj says: ok be at the formation at 1445, Company Gunny says: Be at formation at 1430, SNCO says: ok be at formation at 1415, NCO's pass to the junior enlisted: Formation at 1400...what do you have then? A bunch of guys, standing around for an hour waiting for the boss that's going to show up at the appointed time.   I understand that my example was a little bit of a rare occurrence but it happens on smaller levels more often than you'd think. Being early to something shows dedication but it should hardly be enforced IMHO.
0	Your opinion obviously is based off of nothing. Your idea of young mothers not having the mental ability is debunked by your own source.   "Three alternative explanations for this relationship are explored-the life course-immaturity account, the persistent poor parenting-role model account, and the diminished resources account.  We find no evidence supporting the first account claim . " It's pretty obvious that when a young single mother faces many advertises and often ends with her being and single parent, living off welfare and never getting a degree her children will not have the best upbringing but this is entirely a social problem and has nothing to do with actual age of the woman.
1	Then you must not play Sona very well. Sona's empowered auto attack after using w reduces her targets damage output by a considerable amount. Basically a mini exhaust. Her empower auto attack after using e leaves her target very much slowed. You can combo those two to do a large amount of debuffing to the person who is on your adc. Lastly, you have her ult, her heal, the mikaels crucible(that you should be building), your exhaust/ignite, your frost queens claim slow/your talisman of ascension's move speed steroid. It does not depend on the champion, it depends on the player, and what they are able to do with their champion.   Edit:  For a
1	The Dig statement makes me really sad. I highly doubt that anybody would have seen the ARAM as unprofesional and be offended by it as you say had the teams been clever about it.   I saw the stream live and once they started the ARAM I thought of it as the players saying: "Look here, it's a best-of-5. Both of our teams agree that no matter what happens in the first game the better team will win. So we use this opportunity to show what this game is about. It's about having fun and we are here because we love the game and not just because we have to play it to earn a living."   I highly enjoyed the ARAM and expected them to play out the rest of the match showing their best performance, which they did. And, to put the icing on the cake, the loosers of the ARAM won the match.   Later it turned out to be a clusterfuck of immaturity and disrespect of sportmanship since they have apparently agreed to split the money (which is a perfectly fine reason for disqualification).   The ARAM by itself shows IMHO:     Confidence in their own team's abilities     Passion for the game     Respect for the fans and viewers (They went out of the way to put up a real show)     Respect for their respective opponents (since they trusted each other to play fair by the ARAM rules)     Healthy sense of humor
1	Hi!   I'm (as of right now) a Gold 3 ADC main who was: Season 1 - Unranked Season 2 - Bronze (800 ELO iirc) Season 3 - Silver 1 Season 4 - Gold 3 (as of right now)   I definately see where your coming from in your battle to reach the next division, and trust me when I say I've been in your shoes. Let me tell you what I did to break the silver 1 threshhold and continuing to climb!   In S4, I, like you, went 6-4 in my placement matches and placed in Silver 4. The climb back to Silver 1 seems like it was business as usual so lets skip that...   It took my 5 promotion series to finally go 3/1 and hop on the gold hype train. Although 2 of these series were lost due to all that DDoSing crap, 3 of them were lost to my own underperforming play. I noticed that you tend to underperform when its your promotion series due to the mentaility people go into promotion games with.   "I gotta carry the randoms so I can win" "I gotta go 40/0 so I can carry everyone else"   You get my point. Everyone falls victim of the "if I don't carry, we don't win" mentality, which loses you games more often than not. What I eventually did to win my promos is to NOT CARE about the promotion matches, treat it like any other match and enjoy the game. This keeps you in that peak form you were in to get to 100 LP.   Play to improve your own mechanics and game knowledge, not to climb leagues. Don't forget that the league system is simply a "mask" to the real ladder, which is MMR. It wont matter if your Silver 1, when your MMR represents a Gold level player.
0	I was suspended for 3 days once, because I saw this kid poke holes in the back of a bus seat with a pencil (it looked so fun).  So I immediately took a pencil out of my bag and started poking (so satisfying). That's when this same kid proceeded to rat me out to the bus driver. Of course, nothing happened to him. My three day sentence spanned a weekend and landed on a Friday, Monday and Tuesday. My parents, surprisingly, were not that angry with me after their initial outburst and my only punishment was to fold laundry. Best part was Monday was HALLOWEEN. I remember on Tuesday, I just ate all my candy and played video games all day! Then when I walked into school on Wednesday it was like nothing happened. Most kids and teachers thought i was sick. Just had to make up some of the work. I did not learn my lesson.
1	Just depends what I feel like watching that day. Also I pretty much only watch Twitch.tv   For top lanes:  Wingsofdeathx or Dyrus depending. Wings is obviously very informative, but is very focused on winning in SoloQ, not necessarily getting better as a professional player. He will pick whats best for his team, even it means him going Mid. He also complains about ghosting the second he gets camped, yet streams with 0 delay. Always bugs me. Dyrus is a good player to watch for professional play of traditional top laners.   For Mid Lanes:  Scarra is #1. He is the best streamer out there in my opinion. Always nice, always talking. He plays at a high level and teaches you at the same time. He also isn't afraid to play literally any champion. I've seen him win games with Brand Jungle and he plays a lot of Wukong mid. Exceptional streamer. Reginald and Salce aren't bad either. They are hit or miss for me.   For Jungle:  Oddone is the most reliable streamer. You know what you are going to get and is almost always streaming. Very fun to watch. Perfects is a EU streamer who is super nice and plays Shaco/Fiddle only. Shaco a very fun champion to watch and he plays it very good. Only watch if you like Meatloaf though as that's 50% of his playlist. Dan Dihn is also a good jungle stream if you like Eve Jungle. He plays it more than anything and his winrate is ridiculous.   For ADC:  Suprisingly enjoy watching Destiny. He's a former SC2 streamer who made the switch a couple months ago to full time LoL streaming and is about 1800-1900 elo atm. He only plays Draven and has more Draven games played so far this season then anyone in the world. For reasons his SC2 stream was successful, he's very relatable and easy to watch and learn something. Sometimes watching the highest level of play doesn't actually help you in your 1400 elo matches. Draven is fun to watch and Destiny plays it well. Chaox is definitely my go-to pro ADC streamer. He plays at a high level and is also just a huge Solo Queue star having both #1 and #2 positions on the ladder last month.   For Supports:  Krepo is good. Xpecial is good. Nhat is good. But Aphromoo is probably going to be the best. I used to watch him for ADC, but since switching to support for CLG he will probably stream mostly Support games. Very good streamer.
1	I enjoyed the ladder system in Starcraft 2, it doesn't destroy your current rank standings if you lose 1 to 3 games.   In Starcraft 2:  you win 1 game you get +20 points, if you lose you get -7 points   In League:  you win 1 game you get +20 points, if you lose you get -18   Unlike in current league, its almost a 1 to 1 ratio; if you lose 1 single game... all that hard work for that win you did before, is now worthless.   Since points are a lot more easier to obtain, the amount of points needed to reach the next rank jump too.   League:  100 points for promotion   SC2:  1500~   A lot more of a grind to reach the next division, but at least you aren't punished as hard for losing a game.
0	You are arguing against shame but it seems you are arguing abuse. Because you keep saying stuff like "What makes you different than someone that attack individuals? If you are serious then we have no need to talk. Everyone in here has the idea of fat shaming bringing physically harm and bring people to the point of suicide. You are dramatic, and saying things that are just not true. I'm sorry I'm done talking to you because no matter what I say you've made up your mind.   Let me break this down for you. I in no way meant a physical attack. Context clues, use them please. You can attack an argument, an idea, a person's ego. Attack does not automatically mean that I'm charging into battle with a sword swinging.   Attack in this context is an attack on someone's mental health and confidence through the action of shaming.   >I'm sorry I'm done talking to you because no matter what I say you've made up your mind.   You were defending an idea, I was attacking the idea. You seem to be under the delusional pretenses that it was somehow the opposite way around. Of course my mind is made up, the whole point of this is I'm trying to make  you  see reason.   >You honestly sound like a tumblr femenist.   Feminist* Also, nice ad-hominem.   >You are deluding yourself into thinking things that aren't true by being passionate.   What is the truth in this context? That fat people deserve to made to feel like shit for their own benefit? What a hero. Believe it or not, but kicking someone while they're down more often than not doesn't help them get back up.   > It's good that you care, it just sucks that you are stupid.   Your posts are filled with grammatical and spelling errors, you have trouble addressing any of the points I make directly beforehand and then outright gave up in this one, and then you completely miss all context clues as to the meaning of a word and have to have it spelled out like a child.   Ever heard the idea that someone is so ignorant they literally cannot comprehend how ignorant they are? The cyclical perpetual system of being so ignorant that you're ignorant about your own ignorance on any number of issues. But I doubt you're reading by this point anymore as I'm thinking you barely read my other posts because "
0	First girlfriend, I got a message from a guy saying "how does it feel to lose your girl?" Being confused I go to my facebook profile I see that I'm single her relationship status is hidden, but his say that he is in a relationship with her. He is in Oregon we lived in Virginia (fuck you omegle>.>). I try to get her back being my first girlfriend in all, school starts up she is cheating on me with 3 other guys (oregon boy included). I "hacked" her facebook (she never changed her passwords >.>), that she left logged in on firefox (i only used chrome). See these messages, hop on my laptop which she used the night before to see messages and a nice 3 hour call (I was passed out from my all nighter before) to the guy in Oregon. She said she was confused. She broke up with me and later gets pissed off for me going after another girl after she had another boyfriend >.>.
1	IceFrog is the sole balancer of Dota 2, so unless they had him working on New Bloom and the map textures, his work schedule was not influenced by them at all.   6.84 has been huge though, I agree it is a bit late and a 6.83d could have been nice, but it wasn't as if heroes in the competitive scene were incredibly imbalanced.   >The same argument applies to dota as well. How often do you read patch notes on /dota2 and go "oh, it's just cosmetics, tickets, and bugfixes?"   Again, because of how different they do their patches. Valve doesn't even need to actually make cosmetics, they just need to test and approve them. What he's been saying is Riot has considerably more manpower and yet content is still comparable.   >Second, this exists   And it is an immortal/removed  because  of the backlash. That's why we don't have mummies dressed up as cakes.   >every time there's a sexy cosmetic for a female character added into dota 2 everyone says "we league of legends now" and act like every female champ league releases is that way   It's pretty much a meme and I don't know people actually take it seriously.   People might be playing Dota because they don't like how cartoony League looks and that is a legitimate concern to them.   >No one seems to care that Valve takes an absurd 75% cut in everything that is sold in their store, including tournament tickets where the TOs actually end up with no money from their sales because of the 25% that is theirs, most of it is given to the prize pool and the set creators for the ticket.   I agree, Valve could be more generous to content creators, but for most players, they only care if the heroes are monetized. I hate it when people bring it up for League, but Dota is a true free to play game. They are clearly making a lot of profit out of the game and I really don't mind because it means I can continue playing.   I'd love to see content creators/pros make more, but that's not very high up in the list of what I am concerned with.   >Riot might be currently charging for Chromas, but at least they released more then one special game mode in the past year, and none of them were absolute shit and horrifically pay-to-win on top of that.   I hate how the New Bloom was practically pay-to-win, but to some extent I don't give a fuck - it's a fun mode and winners get cosmetics. It doesn't affect MMR, it's like paying to get more cosmetics in a pure sense. I really hope new gamemodes don't follow New Bloom's path, but all I care about is normal Dota. I honestly wouldn't mind if they make fun gamemodes even less frequent because Dota in itself is extremely fun for me.   Sure URF and Snowdown weren't pay-to-win and pretty fun, but the game itself is pay-to-win/pay-to-gain-an-advantage. That's what I hate about. Despite all the pay-to-win crap Valve gave us, at least it doesn't affect normal games.   >no Valve support besides cosmetics and Valve throwing $1000000 at a couple tournaments in a year.   True, and I do criticize them when it is brought up, that they appear to not the attention the games/pro scene needs. Some might say it's apparent they've improved a lot in implementing Majors in both CS:GO and Dota in the future. Balance patches in CS:GO sometimes don't make sense. Maybe it's just a blessing how Dota has Icefrog. They clearly don't communicate enough and they could learn from Riot to some extent.   But if you ask me if I would rather have a game/game dev with functionality and little communication OR a game with a shitty client but a good PR department, I would definitely choose the former.   >When Valve fucked up the drop system so you could play 10 games and never see anyone get a drop, people got upset, but now that it is fixed it's never brought up. Meanwhile people are still shitting on Riot for stuff they did over 4 years ago.   >Despite all these things, public perception of Valve is still miles better then of Riot
1	I think i have a better idea. After someone leaves the leaver receives no gold and the remaining 4 players gain 3 gp/10 on top of the 13gp/10 base. As well as receiving a buff for the 4 players (similar to baron buff but toned down a lot). Until their 5th reconnects that is.   EDIT: Idea already posted, but there was no
1	Masteries make no sense.... you dont need 2 points in wealth just the single point gets you the extra ward. You do not need the enhanced recall or the enhanced ward vision.   9 in defense is pretty silly when you can take 4 in AP and 3 in CDR with 2 points in Armor
0	This same shit would always happen to me and my buddy with our third roommate.   He and his dumbass girlfriend would cook using all types of pots and pans and then just leave their mess in the sink and on the stove for a few days. He would eventually decide that enough time had passed for everything to sufficiently be caked on until he finally cleaned them.   We asked him to be a little more prompt and he would initially respond but quickly resort back to his old ways. We then decided to take matters in to our own hands.   One time, after the kitchen was a mess for a few days proceeding a rather indulging cooking session, we took every dirty item they used to cook and eat with and placed it in the middle of his bed.   He never left another dirty dish.
1	copy/pasting my post from the first post   The real problem here is that Riot brought this all on themselves. Sure Tiamat/Essence Reaver isn't an optimal build on Morgana, but many people have brought out things that aren't very popular. What if Morgana AD became a legit thing? How would we feel about this fine against H2K gaming? And why does Riot have the right to suggest that Morgana building AD is considered trolling? They attempt to convince they aren't enforcing the meta, but if you build a champ with off-meta items you can get fined for it? Where is the logic in that. Now everytime someone does something slightly off meta you will hear whining and complaining for fines/penalties because Riot has created a perception that even small instances like this will be considered BM if the team that does them is winning the game. Have we stopped to wonder if the team that was winning the game did these things to help them win? In Alliance's case they sure did. Their items snowballed out of control but since they are seldom used Youngbuck cried wolf (pun intended). The fanbase isn't listening to him, we all know hes being irrational but that isn't the point. The problem is that Riot made it ok to complain because they made a petty fine to a challenger team for something that is hardly bad mannered (at least compared to that Brazilian player givign the finger to his camera after picking up a kill).
0	As a previous manager of many restaurants, I can safely say I have heard at least a dozen servers and delivery drivers say this same thing...  Except it's generally any 1st or 2nd generation new Americans (as most other places don't tip in their countries), and most non-Caucasian Americans.   I thought it was so funny when three (all) of my Indian drivers would read the receipts for names they identified as Indian, just so they could avoid delivering to those people for more white-sounding names.   I wish this wasn't the case. Contrarily, I can safely say that some of the biggest consistent tippers (regular customers) I have personally served have been non-white...
0	Hey op would you believe those biological differences are caused by more than thousands of years of social construction(if women never went hunting for 3000 years they may be not as good as men to do it) and that the actual socialisation of today exagerates those differences to the point it determines roles playable by each gender
1	the reason why people in low elo say that nasus is OP in soloq is because they refuse to use lane swaps because at low gold and below they just aren't used to it, (s5 here so no god at the game) but if you put your incredibly bursty ranged mid laner against nasus while yours just sits back and gets any farm its possible to get you set the nasus back for the early game. you then proceed to push the top lane towers repeatedly and when nasus starts trying to farm the jungle you push it even harder, you make every single stack that nasus tried to get come at a very large cost. i know this sounds like a rant but its really the only  way ive found to beat nasus and it only works when im playing with my friends and they trust me enough to do this. try it in your next game against nasus it may be more effective than you think
0	The worst is when you work with one black person. All your bosses are old white people, and assume the 50 year old black man working with you needs extra help, and constantly gets money handed to him so he can take the train, and has money for dinner, can pay his rent. All while I'm 29, living on my own, making less money than the black guy, paying my own bills. Fuck reverse racism.
0	Oh.  Haven't seen it.   So I'm at the airport the other night waiting for my ride and there's this young couple with baby that had been on my plane. I'd been looking at the guy with his flat-as-an-ironing-board billed hat and thinking, "That guy looks like a douche."   The entire time I stood at the curb waiting he bitched and moaned about his shitty mother-in-law not being there to pick them up  this instant  despite the fact that traffic was plainly horrible and his MIL had called to tell them so.  The guy would not stop bitching about it.
1	Rammus has always been a viable jungler. It's just that more up-front damage champs have been a favourable pick in his position. Usually the top laner (and nowadays the support) will build tanks which leaves you a nice little DPS/offtank role.
1	I want everyone that watches LCS to look at the winrate charts for champions. To many people think champs like yasuo/lee sin are op and need to be baned/picked. They are both part of the 20% lowest winrate champions. It goes the other way aswell, people will get mad at you for picking things in ranked that are never played in LCS, even though they are top 50% champs. If you want to know what's op in your division just use this: [lolking](
1	you need a team that is coordinated, thats why he is so op in soloQ. (and the utility kha is the new problem in LCS, his soloQ build/playstyle didn't change much)   He gets wrecked by a well played thresh or leona tho. I hate those supports. even a good morgana is suprisingly good against him, if u can hit the q.   A good Kha'Zhix waits for an opportunity to jump in during a teamfight, because in a soloQ game nobody can scream: KHA KHA KHA. and he needs them resets. so if you engage on kha you will have a pretty good chance to win the fight, he isnt that reset heavy than katarina but still. If you can somehow catch him you should engage a fight since now he can't wait for an opportunity.   He's also a bit broken now because if you catch him he troll u a bit with evolved ult, then just run out and still can wait for his resets.   I play/main Kha and in soloQ im 23/3 with him atm but in ranked 5's I'm like 7/5 or something. if the team is coordinated you can't really do enormous damage. then you should go for the insec utility build.
0	wrong, people appreciate it greatly. in fact, there is a far better one that
1	Until their adc gets a bf sword, most popular supports out trade adcs if you time your trades just as they go up to last hit a creep, because they simply do more damage early. Examples would be sona, lulu, thresh etc. Basically, there is a video where Phreak explains it on youtube, a clip from his stream. Am sure you can find it with some searching.   Early game, the support is the majority of bot lane's power and a well played support can win a lane for a sub par adc as long as you can outplay the opposing lane. Think of when you've seen a lulu zone two people just with aa poke and the threat of a eq combo. Doesn't matter if your adc only farms and doesn't follow up on plays if you limit the opposing adc's farm and don't let them get kills to catch up.   I recently started coaching a friend who's silver iv now maining support (playing adc with him to improve from my tinfoil v skill level at playing them) and the things I've noticed are that he initiates unfavourable trades and does standard warding too much. Learning to trade favourably and ward where it's actually needed are kinda the skills that will take him to gold and beyond and that is just practice and watching popular support streamers. When i first started supporting I used to watch Nhat Nguyen (he's the reason I started playing sona, thanks Nhat!) just analyzing where he warded and then asking myself: "Why would Nhat ward that place?". It helped me at least. Am sure you can do the same with any of the current popular support streamers like for example Krepo or Edward.   My other advice is learn to teamfight well. Playing arams is amazing for this, because basically they simulate the bronze/silver/gold "ok, laning phase is over, let's all group mid randomly and poke at each other until a mistake happens". They let you play champs you never play otherwise and you can learn what they can and can't do, and what their role in a teamfight is. Before becoming an aram junkie, my teamfights would be quite chaotic, and I'd lose track of my own char too much. But since playing arams, I noticed that my vision is clearing in teamfights, I can now single out things like the katarina ulting in the middle of the team (one aram I got ww and was the only one that could interrupt the other team's kata ulti, so I got so much practice on how to  use my ulti just as she started casting hers even in the middle of a hectic teamfight).   Wall of text I guess, but
1	reddit and twitch chat. :D thats the community. In a huge community are alot of dicks ...just ignore them. If regi did get voted. What would regi do.? Bann his karthus and bann diana and regi would also have huge problems. If you take TF misaya is going to outplay you because you know.
1	DISCLAIMER: I have not actually gone to the PBE forums or read it; all of my information comes from assumptions I can reasonably make based on what it is and some of the comments here. So if it's anything other than the place where people on the PBE bitch about stuff they don't like, some of this might be non-relevant! Now, that being said...   Speaking as a game designer, player feedback is basically ALWAYS useful, even when it seems stupid. Players very rarely provide feedback about any game experience that's directly relevant and applicable. You never hear a player say, “this is boring” or “the skill tree is too complicated,” and then make changes so that whatever “this” is seems more fun or dumb down your skill tree. Instead, you take feedback like, “this is too complicated,” and then ask yourself and discuss amongst your team what the player ACTUALLY wants. Is it actually that they think the tree is too complex, or have you just failed to teach it to them clearly? Or is it just integrated poorly? Or is it an issue with the UI? Sometimes, after you dig a bit, you find that, actually, this issue is symptomatic of a much deeper, usually more fundamental problem with the systems that you've built your game on.   As a designer, you NEVER take player feedback at face value. Once you start really looking at what the player is ACTUALLY talking about (remember: it's very rare that what the player WANTS and what the player THINKS they want actually overlap), then just about any player feedback, even something like “omg this champ is so dumb wtf toxic bs champ” can ultimately lead you in a direction that leads to a change, even if it's just a small one.   So I think that despite what seems like a bunch of useless chatter to your average onlooker floods the PBE (presumably), you might be surprised at how much the designers can actually get from that sort of feedback.   Which I assume is why they keep the forums up. They may not want to maintain them because sometimes having unfiltered player feedback on a large scale can really help the design process, even if it all seems like gibberish.
0	I once went out with some old college friends to a place with $2 tequila shots.  I woke up on the subway, threw up and felt so weak I could barely pick myself up to get out of the subway.  Sitting there on the platform, trying to muster the strength to get up, a homeless man walks over to me and give me a dollar.  I tried to say no, but he already walked away.  I've never seen him and now only vaguely remember his face, but I appreciated the act of kindness.  Never drank that much tequila again.
1	It's pretty clear for me at least.   > banned me 3 times in a row   After a 1st ban you should always behave.   > I understanded that I flamed   Acceptance is the 1st step; now find solutions: use the ignore button if you are uber-annoyed by other players. Ignore them and play your best (of course working as a team)
1	To be honest it doesn't matter. Why do you play League in the first place? To have fun right? So, if you enjoy watching League and following the competitive scene, then have at it! It is something you do to relax and it entertains you.   Its very similar to watching football or basketball. Most people that watch hardly ever play the actual sport, yet they enjoy watching a high level of competition.
1	Hi, I am BenYOmin. Currently diamond 2 aiming for master/challenger this season.   I started playing ranked mid season 2 I was around the Elo of brons 3 in 50 games.   Season 3.  I was placed in brons 2 and peaked at silver 3 but ended in Silver 4 +~-50 games   Season 4. This was the season where everything changed for me, I played 100 games in preseason to get my MMR higher and i got placed in Gold 5. I was incredibly happy an I realized that I can get higher if I play to improve. I played 350 games that season with a 70% winrate, I screwed up 16 promos but in the end I peaked at D3 but ended D4   Season 5. I was really exited for my diamond border and I got que'ed up in my promos with ex- challengers and masters. Played 20 games the first 2 days of season 5  and got placed in plat 1 and the day after I reached diamond 5. 30 games later I was diamond 2 with masters twinkling in my eyes.
1	I quit Minecraft to start becoming pro at LoL   Also, my team captain told me that there was more money in being a pro at LoL than the browser game Tetris, and he was wrong. Tetris pro scene much more money.
1	I played  16 games in 2 days  13 games in 2 days (woulda played way more if I didn't go to school, and probably woulda made it to gold), went from silver 3 30 something LP to silver 2 79 lp. I was going super tryhard Vayne mode for the final push to gold, I won  13 games lost 3  10 lost 3. 4 hours left. I think It's technically impossible for me to make it to gold as I need at least 11 games won in a row. I wish I wasn't a procrastinator.
1	The only real other pick Dyrus could've gone to is Lulu   Wrong, Mundo was open! If they picked tristana instead of Ryze. Mundo is know to "counter" double ap strategy, and Dyrus managed to rape Ryze on NA LCS final. Mundo could be used to make a double split 1 3 1 strategy, or 1-4 as a bif frontlane to tristana.   By the way since they picked rengar, they should have picked JANNA instead of nami, cause janna hard counter him with instant knockback with R, instant knockup with Q and instead shield with E. Nami spells are great but not fast enough to counter rengar burst.   >
1	The second number is the amount you put in, lets say 1 buck.The second number is the amount of your bet. The first number then is used as the additional winning alongside your investment. So lets say you would bet. In case you bet on EG and they win, you would get 1,8 bucks. In case of Curse winning, you would get 4,5.
0	You know how you hear them constantly 'blip' their throttle at stoplights? If they have fuel injection (most Harleys built in the last 10 years do) then not only is revving your bike at stops completely useless, it's actually pretty bad for your spark plugs and causes them to foul (fail).
0	Yeah, look at that clearly posted in your original post... It's written multiple times...   Oh right.
1	Karma is fun and very effective, no matter what some people say. You have to be very good with her and good at last-hitting in general. If you can do that, she's insane and pumps out a lot of AOE damage as well as being fairly supporty. Just don't play her as a full-on support; her heal is pretty crappy on everyone except tanks so you should build more like a tanky AP carry.   I max the shield first. It makes it impossible for the opponents to do any damage at all if you use it right and it hurts pretty bad at the same time when mantra'd. I max the Q second and take one rank in bond at level four for those pinch slowdown opportunities and also for farming (it does a surprising amount of damage when you drag it through minions).   As far as items go, Rod of Ages is probably the best to rush and the best item overall for Karma. Otherwise, Kage's Lucky Pick or a Philo Stone are good to grab quick. Your main source of income is farming/assisting so the extra gold can help a lot. Depending on the situation, I either go Ionian Boots or Sorceror's Shoes. If I don't get Ionian Boots, I try to grab a Fiendish Codex later and build it into Deathfire Grasp. It's a fun late-game item for Karma as well. And of course, Rabadabadabadabadabadon's. Things like Frozen Heart or Aegis are fantastic after you've got decent AP. It makes you even harder to kill than you already are.   Runes: magic pen. marks, mana regen per level seals, AP/level glyphs, and flat AP quints.
1	This is correct. You're only where your skills limit you.   If "ELO Hell" really existed, then why are pro players able to take a smurf from no matches played to Diamond repeatedly? Even without Pro Players, I have a friend who is Diamond 1/Challenger who has done the same and he's not a pro player.   If you're stuck, you're doing something wrong. Period. What that is is for you to figure out, but for most it is:     You don't prioritize objectives over kills.     Your decision making is poor (You try to all in/trade at the wrong times or are not counting summoner's/Cooldowns blown so you know when you are free to fight without fear).     Your mechanical skill is poor (You miss a lot of your abilities. I find this to rarely be the case)     You waste time doing nothing. If you're standing around on the map without a real purpose (team fighting, CSing, pushing, trying to take an objective) you're doing it wrong. I encourage you to go watch replays of your game and look at how much time you spend on average a game doing effectively nothing to increase your gold or your team's gold/advantage.     You don't realize that  EVERY  lane/role has the ability to win the game.       To elaborate on the last one, every lane has a straight path that leads to the nexus. With proper ward coverage, you can easily push your lane repeatedly which puts pressure on the map to stop you, which allows other lanes to perform better because more resources are freed up putting pressure on you.   On top of that, most people don't realize their influence on the map that you can exert to snowball the game.     Top: Don't just sit up top and CS. Push to the tower, walk down the river and gank Mid, take the enemies jungle and buffs, or take a B and walk through the lane bottom and try to pick up a double kill.     Mid: Push lane, gank side lanes or counter jungle. Opponent isn't in lane? Take tower, then gank side lanes.     Jungle: Counter jungle, put pressure on lanes. Focus on 1 or 2 people to snowball because that's all it takes to win. Don't be afraid to camp lanes and play lame. Just don't fall behind. Take dragon when you're on the bottom half of the map and the jungler is ganking top, every time. You should have the advantage if your team is paying attention and listening to you.     Support: Don't just sit there. Harass their ADC and make him choose between CS or not taking damage. Ward entrances. Control your lane bushes. People who complain that they can't support or that support can't carry don't know how to play support or this game in general. SUPPORT IS THE PERSON WHO CARRIES THE BOTTOM LANE.     AD Carry: This is the hardest role to carry the game with. Ward up (yes, you can buy wards), get farmed, push lanes, shoot the closest thing to you. If you have good positioning and good decision making and assuming the enemy team isn't fed to shit, you'll be fine. Oh and while you're at it, don't be afraid to tell supports who aren't harassing with autos/abilities to actually do something rather than sit around.       Basically what I'm trying to say is:
1	I played  a game as Alistar, took top in the initial push, sat top near the speed boost the entire game. Defended against 2-4 people at least 4 times(killing many by head butting and pulving into the tower) while also saving countless teammates near top jungle.   Result? I had the lowest "score" because I didn't run around ninjaing capping/recapping. Sadly, when it was very close and we looked like we might lose, they blamed what they thought to be a lost game on me.
1	Riot seems to want to reduce the dead time during low levels with the mastery/summoner spell changes to try to get rid of the stale laning phase for bottom and top lanes, which is good. You want the game to be such that exciting things can happen at any time. This is the case with sc2, but not so much for League.   I don't play or watch SC2, not that I have any problem with it. I just remember SC1 being a pain in the ass and having more fun with C&C, so I never really took to the first one. With that in mind, I do like the new move by Riot, and I think that you're right - they would like to make the laning phase less stale. However, I would just like to say that there are lvl 2 ganks with Lee Sin and Shaco.   Also, everything.... and I mean EVERYTHING on TV that is exciting is that way because it is  produced well .     Imagine if in the first few minutes of the game the announcer was able to say, "Oh and look at HotshotGG choosing the use a Regrowth Pen + pots instead of his usual Boots of Speed + pots. Remember what happened last time he started a game out like this?  (INSERT CLIP OF HIM FUCKING DYING) "     Or you could have at champ select: OH and Saintvicious is playing Lee Sin. They have a 70% win rate with this champ. Lee is a character with  these  champion abilities  (show clips of their mechanics/killing someone with them)  and lets look at some of Saintvicious's previous scores with this Lee Sin  (show their record, explain why there were ups and downs) .       What I am getting at is this: NFL, MLB - they have a huge collection of statistics at their disposal and great producers keep them at the commentators fingertips at all times. I listen to Vin Scully announce for the Dodgers and the entire time he is talking I'm saying to no one in particular, "Damn I did not know that," or "I knew that and he is right."
1	play more games.  since you're not a troll, you have a 20% lowered likelihood to encounter one every game you play. if you duo, it goes up to 40% reduced likelihood.  given enough data points, this advantage will add up over time and result in more wins.     be nice and encourage everyone.  some people don't go into games specifically to troll.  instead they go in and quickly get down 0/2/0 and their team yells at them.  then they say "fuck it" and proceed to troll.  this way they can feel better about themselves when they lose because they "trolled and didn't try hard".     if you do 1 and 2 and you're still in ~1000 Elo, you belong there.  accept it and move on.
0	I genuinely appreciate you logically debating your points. The question here is not "do chromosomes have a high correlation to gender", or something like that.  Of course they do!  Generally if someone's chromosomes do not align with their apparent gender there is something wrong with them and they can't reproduce, etc.  The only issue that I have is that there are many-many people that choose to invalidate transgender people, say that "no matter how much hormones or surgery you have, you will never be a woman/man because of your chromosomes."   I understand why you are reasonably debating this, because the statement is generally true.  The only point I am trying to make is to say that it is the wrong question to ask.   People don't judge whether someone is "truly" a man or a woman based on chromosomes.  They don't do chromosome checks.  It is just something that people conveniently use to discriminate.  They can't say "fertility" because there are many men and women with fertility issues that they can accept as their gender.  So, their mind struggles to find something else.  My point was that "just like fertility validity, I know that you would accept certain people as the gender that they appear to be even if there chromosomes did not match too.  It is not the chromosomes, but something else going on in your head."   A scientific argument in this direction is a red herring.
1	I'm kind of confused about this. You said that you believe they haven't considered the idea that Darius might be overpowered, how do you know that's the case? I realize they haven't posted on the forums and said, "You know what, he might be too strong."   But with the outrage and overreaction on the forums, doing something like that would only cause the community to say, "IF HE MIGHT BE STRONG, WHY AREN'T YOU NERFING HIM?!"
