1	Where can I find more information like this? I like his "I learned we should've taken bot outter turret instead middle".   I've been looking for more stuff like this. It's easy to find how to build, which runes to use, which combos to utilize with certain champions, how to counter a certain enemy champion. But this kind of GENERAL and situational game knowledge is REALLY hard to acquire, you either pick it up when it happens in a game either from your mistake or the enemies, but sometimes us casual gamers don't take the time to evaluate each mistake as they happen.   so
1	Guis, you think Aatrox and Janna are trollpicks   TIL some people think those picks are trollpicks.   > Trollpicks is something like picking Teemo/Urgot/GP.   Yeah that's what non-meta picks are, although Teemo is quite popular compared to the others.   > Trollpicks are champions like AD Veigar.   Not even all of the times. That would be a non-meta pick which most likely wouldn't work, but still. I've played adc ori too, and kill lanes like Rango/Panth botlane are also sometimes seen in yoloq.
0	I used to get very frustrated with Texas (particularly Houston) drivers until I thought about it:   Like another Texan mentioned here, the roads are built for speed and dry/good weather. Honestly, on a nice summer day, you don't have to think at all to drive. The roads are just that well designed.   And there are no pedestrians or bikes or children playing on the sidewalk. No obstructions, just a bunch of cars going 10mph over the speed limit (going slower would be a risk, really).   So when I first moved to Houston I could not believe how cars didn't care about stop signs and never looked around to see if there was a pedestrian there. On a stop sign, I had to knock the hood of an SUV so they would glance at me (they were turning right, constantly looking left and on the phone). I couldn't believe it. I got so angry. "Why does this Stop sign even exist then?!" But then I realized: That lady probably never saw a pedestrian in like 10 years. Why  would  she be looking for one?   Does that excuse never ever signaling and constantly texting? In my opinion, no. But it does excuse, in my head, a lot of behavior that seems WTF to a European.
0	I was having a weekend fling with a girl a few years back. I was in town for a party for a website we are both members of and this girl is absolutely amazing. Tall, gorgeous, great personality, nice... but she was hiding a secret I didn't know about. She's an absolute freak in the bed. To the point that I didn't exactly know how to react. I'm 6'4", 265 lbs and she's not a "small" girl, probably about 5'10", 160 lbs. She wanted me to slap her around, choke her, talk dirty to her, etc. Our first night together was a learning experience for me. I was still holding back because I didn't want to hurt her or I didn't want to end up in an accidental domestic violence situation.   The next night we went out again and were invited to a private party the following night at a sex club by a couple we ran into. This really tripped the fantasy switch in her head, so later that night back at the hotel room the "HIT ME HARDER YOU PUSSY" lines really started flying. It was getting really rough and I'm standing behind her with her head buried into the bed when she tells me she wants me to fuck her in the ass. She was wet as hell and when I went to put it in, it slipped in a little too easily. This should have been a warning, but I went with it and continued to slap her around, talk dirty to her, have her screaming at me and me screaming back... we both REALLY got into it. This went on for about an hour until I realized what was going on. Things were just a little too wet. I hit the lamp and the shock hit me... Aunt flow had come for a visit in the middle of all of this. The room looked like a murder scene... BLOOD EVERYWHERE.   We both jump into the shower, laughing our asses off at the situation and now she's completely bummed out because she can't go to the party at the sex club. I called down for another set of sheets and some more towels and just chunked the dirty ones into the corner. We get some sleep and she runs home to finish getting cleaned up, changed, etc and get ready for the day whereas I go get brunch with friends and hang out for a while before heading back to the hotel.   I was in the shower when the knock on the door came. I thought it was the girl or some of my other friends that knew which room I was in so I wrapped a towel around me and answered the door. It was about 12 cops with guns drawn and they came through the door, then threw me on the ground screaming "WHERE IS THE GIRL?"   To make a long story short, the cleaning lady found the bloody sheets (and bloody everything else in the room) and told the front desk. The front desk had some complaints about a man and a woman screaming at each other the night before in the room. There was only myself registered to the room, I had been seen coming into the room with a woman the night before, but I was seen leaving alone in the morning. The hotel employees put 2 and 2 together and said that they thought I had murdered (or at least hurt badly) someone in the room. I get the girl on the phone and she hurries back to the hotel to explain what really happened.   This is why I'm scared of getting rough in bed with women.
0	You think that's bad? Years ago my wife and I went for a ride on my motorcycle. I had a Yamaha Royal Star cruiser and made a U-Turn to head home. Some bitch didn't like that I was in front of her tried to push us off the highway into the ditch for a solid 5 minutes. She then started flinging chicken mcnuggets and a fucking plate out of her car window at my bike. I managed to slow down and get behind her and she just sped off. Ready for the kicker? My wife was pregnant at the time with our first born son, and we didn't even know it.
1	I mean lets be real. Those pirates on the boat shooting those canon balls are doing there BEST to hit people.  The fact that they even know that gangplank wants them to shoot let alone a specific part of the map in and of its self is impressive.  I mean you can't even see water that could house a ship anywhere on the map so they are shooting from quiet a distance.   With that in mind the fact that they are able to keep the balls in such a small area is probably just do to wind and other uncontrollable variables.  To the shooters of the canon it is probably a single target ability it just takes so long to get there is sometimes misses...
1	I played ARAM a lot as well,   and for me it is sometimes gamechanging, when people won a fight try to take down a turret, and then back with a slither of health (like 10-20%), instead of dieing, and be full health at next fight.   So the next teamfight starts with one or sometimes 2-3 teammates with less than 50% health, and it will be a autoloss teamfaight because you couldnt buy items, and you are unhealthy. And if you just die to the first enemy opponent, you can lower his health a bit.   And a second point is: Pushing waves is always good, because if you die while pushing, the enemies minions need their time to reach your turret and the enemy team cannot damage your turrets as much as they could if they win a fight with minions pushing. Same for your team, if you pushed your waves, and win a fight, and have minions pushing, you can take down the HP of the turrets much faster than beeing in a defensive position.
1	Try heading over to /r/summonerschool I'm sure there will be someone who can help you. Though your best bet is probably to just keep doing what you're doing. And obviously enjoy yourself.   EDIT: You may also want to included links to a few replays in particular you want analyzed or provide a more specific question. Otherwise you'll get really really vague answers like mine that probably wont satisfy you. Just a tip when asking questions. Maybe ask about a match-up you have trouble with? Or what a good CS milestone should be when playing a certain lane. Maybe post a replay with something like. "We were winning this game at first, at what point did we start to lose?"
0	Hi, we've never met, but I was on government programs when I was younger (Medicaid and WIC for my son who was quite ill when he was born).  These programs allowed me to complete school and since then, I've gotten to the point where I am quite well off, owning a 40 person company and paying around $250k a year in taxes.   Government programs help far, far more people become productive members of society with a fraud rate below private charities - in other words, it's the most efficient safety net we have.  The social safety net is not only more efficient, but the net effect of welfare spending is a bigger GDP multiplier than defense or foreign expenditures and austerity has been shown to be a failure at restarting the economy.
0	I was drinking about a 6 pack and a half a night for a few years.  I'm not sure I would have called myself alcoholic; I wasn't waking up to a bottle, but it had become a nightly ritual.   I used to tell myself in the afternoon that I wasn't going to drink that night, but then night would roll around and my plans would change.   Shortly before I quit, one of my old fillings wore out, and started to disintegrate.  I went to the dentist to get it repaired, and noticed the lidocaine had almost no effect.   My tongue barely got numb.   When I eventually quit, I didn't have any withdrawal symptoms, other than noticing in the morning that I felt inexplicably good, and, when I recently had another old filling replaced, the local anesthetic worked fine.
1	Agreed with most points. I actually feel that her shield gives her a huge edge over most ranged laners who doesn't have reliable harass (Ori has this in spades) and her ability to push early on negates their lane dominance. Conceptually she's supposed to have an edge over them at 6 but with the nerfs she received, her all-in just isn't that good anymore.   Top lane I feel is a bit more dubious since while she does lose with direct trading, her ability to control the lane through either pushing hard or last hitting is a great advantage that can help turn a lot of matchups around. The reason why I mentioned Triforce is that I feel it gives her the greatest amount of power as early as possible which also scales well into late game because of how her kit scales. While she won't be outdueling most bruisers (unless she snowballs, which Triforce allows her to take full advantage of), she will, in a sense, hyperscale into a Assassin-Fighter with just one item and do really well in teamfights.   I'll agree with your conclusion that she's weak. I'll then add that she still has unexplored strengths that should be evaluated in order to see what exactly needs to be buffed. Her nerfs happened precisely because Riot didn't want an Assassin who entered the fight with huge burst damage and burst tankiness. This is why I feel that instead of making either stronger, she should be able to do it more often now that her power's reduced.   EDIT: Ended up with a wall of text.
0	My whole point is the decision to go to war should never be taken lightly, regardless of whether or not the military is all-volunteer or not.   For the record, I am not currently in the military, so it does not effect me. I think people who chickenhawk this issue need to step back and think (as my post says), "If it was my life on the line, would I still think we should fight?"   I do think we should take a tougher stance with North Korea, because they have gulags (concentration camps) where up to 200,000 people are imprisoned, including women and children. They are tortured, starved, and worked to death.   I would put my life on the line to stop the crimes against humanity in North Korea.
1	Utility-ish items are often not noticed too clearly, but they really are there to help with a nice boost to many stats. CDR is tricky to build into a pure AP and MR will reward you earlier on; the health and sustain boost aren't bad either, just subtle. Same with Aegis, doesn't seem like much, but it probably saves your team mates more than you think.
1	I don't really play much anymore cause I suck and I'm just tired of idiots. The thing is that some people just can't handle the pressure of playing ranked, be it bronze or diamond. Example: I was playing adc and losing lane (but didn't die in lane phase), now the mid and jungler started complaining that bot lane sucked which I just ignored, but it seemed that my support felt like he had to prove himself and started taking risks and started dying. he had 4 deaths before lane phase was over and continued to die ending at 9 deaths and 30 min loss. And I believe he only tok those risks to prove himself to mid and jungle.   On a side note, the jungler had 13 deaths and mid had 10 deaths when the game was over.
1	Well at ~ 1400 Elo it is :P You get so many kills w/ rylais its (not) even funny - and before anyone goes and checks my lol king Profile - yes I haven't played LoL in a month because guess what - school is more importaint^^ -
0	I love doing this to assholes. If they tailgate me, and if there is another driver on my right, I purposefully slow down just a bit. He or she flips tits all over the place and swears and what not. I just sit there and laugh because they don't learn that just driving safe will still get you to your destination.   This reminds me. There was the white truck that tailgated me for a bit. He drive fast around me probably flipping me the finger. A few minutes past and he probably a good mile or two ahead of me. Well here comes pay back bitch: he is at the stop light and turn lane. I drove within the speed limit and look, he didn't gain anything.   But wait, that's not it. This turn lane has two lanes and after the turn, you have to merge into one. Well, it turns out, I end up I front of him for two or more miles. I beat his ass.
1	They should not. I like current TT jungle :     3v3 on a small map implies a lot early ganks and skimirshes, therefore making tanky bruisers strong picks, and bulky champions can handle the old jungle     if you've tried jungling TT, you'll notice that if camps were fast respawning and easier, you would need to roam the map a lot more, thats already quite difficult to jungle without getting ganked     you are going to build resistance on most champions played in 3v3, there will be at least one wriggle, making jungling very manageable     getting the jungle farm is very important to win on TT, important objectives should not be easy to get     3v3 meta is more versatile than 5v5, since it relies a lot on a 3 champ synergy, if you get a good 3 champ combo, it often worth (and fun) trying     map being quite tight teamates can help a lot at start without being late in their lane
1	To be fair, double Morellonomicon's in a specific scenario on Azir makes sense.   You want to scale Azir with CDR since CDR gives you the ability to get out your 3 soldiers and works off your passive (+1.25% aspd per 1% CDR).   For an AP mage, there is actually a pretty limited selection of items that give you AP+CDR.   The two main choices are Morellonomicon and Athene's. If you don't have mana problems, you didn't rush Athene's.   Your other choices are: DFG, Nashor's, Iceborn, Twin Shadows, Frost Queen's, Banner of Command, WotA   If you want to aim for max CDR and you didn't take CDR runes, there's a good chance all the 10% CDR items are off the list unless you're building multiple so that takes off everything from that list besides Nashor's.   So in Bjergsen's case, after having Morello's already, his choices are: Morello, Nashor's, Athene's.   Morello costs 2100, Nashor's costs 2920, and Athene's runs 2700. Azir probably does well with all of these in specific builds depending on how you play him.   I didn't catch the game so I don't know the specifics on Bjergsen's purchase of a 2nd Morello.   Now, consider the possibility that when Bjerg purchases a 2nd Morello, the team made the call that there was a very high possibility a teamfight was imminent and Bjerg's gold situation afforded him a Morello, say he had 2200g. It would've taken him roughly 3min worth of minion wave + passive gold farming to make up the difference to afford the next cheapest best item in Athene's.   If the call was made that an important fight was going to happen in the next 3 minutes, the question is: do you sit on 2200g or do you buy a suitable item? It makes sense to buy a 2nd Morello.
0	Because the cars going 40 mph are jealous that you're 15 mph bicycle is taking an illegal shortcut.
1	That's like saying White Lies aren't lying. Stereotypes while personally harmless aren't innocent and without negative consequences. It's an American stereotype that African Americans are more likely to commit drug offenses which is false African Americans are less likely to use drugs than average. However this perception leads to the racism in our Narcotics Policing and Prosecution.   When you think Asians are better at games by virtue of being Asian you devalue their victories and inflate their defeats. There is absolutely no difference between an Asian player and anyone else. They still have to climb the ladder they have to learn the skills and hours upon hours of practice.
1	Been playing bard top, I love to drag supports top and never play meta but obviously I never troll and flame and talk to my team but bard can either make a good/mediocre play or break a team fight and throw very easily so I understand where they are coming from its hilarious especially when my friends and I are intoxicated, but I can see what they are saying, he really isn't as useful as the norm top or support ATM unless you have huge synergy and time things perfect. There was one instance where we all got Sona used cresendo  got 4 of us and I ultied 4 of the enemy team so only Sona was up to apply damage and we ended up coming out right before the golden mode ended and turned the fight it was the only nice move I've done on bard sadly... :/ ON THE OTHER HAND TROLLING FRIENDS IS THE BEST, and I love that worm hole! lol
0	I don't think that's as common in such a manipulative degree as you're implying, although I know that it happens and most women I know kind of hate women who do it. I only know what's true for me and my friends. We rarely ever take advantage of gentlemanly behavior when we see it, which is not often (in my generation). When I do see it I don't think poorly of the man, but if I plan on having a lasting relationship with that person I squish it quickly.   The sad thing is, I can understand why some women might play to the stereotype. If you're going to be treated as "different" no matter what, you might as well take advantage of it rather than stepping on people's toes like I do. I've watched nice guys get really annoyed that I don't accept their chivalry. Really I think it's damaging to both genders - guys because they have to sacrifice and girls because we get relegated to this weird status that's almost like a china piece. Pretty and deserving of careful attention, but frivolous and incapable of serious work.
0	Not so much the bones. The X-rays come from hot gas orbiting around the black hole in an accretion disk. As the gas orbits, the immense gravitational pull of the black hole draws the light closer to the center. Here on Earth, gravity is relatively weak compared to electromagnetic force. However this is the opposite around a black hole, so magnetic stresses cause light to lose energy and momentum, thus spiraling slowly in towards the black hole. The orbital energy is transformed into thermal energy through conservation of energy, heating up the gas to millions of degrees, so it then emits blackbody radiation in the form of X-rays.
0	Just FYI in the future, you should say something at the beginning. It's seriously not a dick move to say "Excuse me, I think I ordered cole slaw and fries but I don't have those. Seeing the plate, I'm sure I won't need them but I would like to have those sides removed from my bill."
0	I hate to say it but I honestly feel like I was a better person in high school than I am now. I'm not going to say I've been corrupted by the world and all that jazz, but I can say that I don't think about others nearly as much as I do for myself when considering if I should do nice things. Also, I am significantly worse at anything skill related than I was. I have no work ethic, low self-esteem, no goals, and I have basically let many of the good relationships I had fade away into dust.
1	How is this not like xbox live. As far as I've seen really on xbox, this is worse. At least on xbox if you talk shit on your mic, you get made fun of by the real good guys who don't talk but just play. So you just referred LoL, a game with a horrible child community, to xbox live where i've met some fucking cool ass dudes who I play MLG with now. Please explain, cause maybe you were playing some little kids game like halo, going around with your 100% accuracy sniper rifle no scoped. or maybe you ran around with your shottie ownin newbs. Please if you compare, compare to something that actually fucking demeans or makes sense in your sentence.
1	This subreddit has the worst moderation a subreddit can really have. Its not a new trend that the subreddit mods are completely isolated from the community. Occasionally it will get attention with the destiny post and when clakeydeeeeeeeeeee's AMA + stream promotion thread was removed with 1.2k upvotes...   But it just gets really frusturating that the moderators see this as THEIR community. Thats really the problem. Good moderators see their subreddit or community as someone elses community, and their job isn't to make the community what they want, but to allow the community to make itself (IE: with reddit we have the upvote and downvote buttons which determines generally speaking the content we like and don't like).   Occasionally if something gets out of hand and someone makes a thread about it, then maybe they can rule on that. Like back several months ago there was a comic contest that resulted in like 10/25 posts on the frontpage being comic contest fan art and stuff. But whether or not thats allowed, there were also complaint threads about it, which informed the moderators that maybe they should make some sort of rule or decision regarding that. But on these matters they start to make unilateral decisions based on solely their own opinions, and actually against the community will at the time.   If ClakeyDeeeeee makes an ama then his friend asks people to upvote it on his stream. You should probably not delete the ama unless someone posts a thread that gets attention calling him out for upvoting it. Thats how a reddit community can shape itself. Not by an oligarchy of mods who decide what is and isn't ok, but by community members who can join together and make mods aware of issues.   In this case the moderators decided that this was a "witch hunt" and based on the community reaction with this thread and the other thread re: "can I make a post saying "destiny" without it being removed?" thread. The moderators are DEAD wrong about what the community considers to be witch hunting. Whether they still believe that they are correct in saying its a witch hunt or not, the community disagrees. Whether or not they care now... thats the issue.   In my opinion they should care what we think. But they don't.   I know the community has gotten huge and hard to handle, but I honestly believe that the worst aspects of this community is the over-moderation.   I started to not really like this subreddit when it really did start turning into General Discussion. Its decisions like this that the moderators make that are ultimatly doing that.
1	I think that the system had you queued up to experience these punishments in a row, but it's dumb as hell that they don't tell you that until after it's been awhile so it becomes an annoying surprise.
0	I come across as down on teachers a lot, because I had some terrible, terrible teachers. I mean, really terrible. Some would never even come to class at all, just tell us to read the chapter and take off. I really resented that. I was one of those eager to learn, would have loved a fascinating class type of kids. (I had great teachers, too, which is why the bad ones stand out in my mind so much, maybe.)   I always wonder why the good teachers aren't more resentful of the bad ones, incidentally.   I actually think I would be a good teacher, in that I'm good at lecturing and explaining things, BUT I have no doubt I wouldn't last a week in a class room. I'd be fired so fast. I have no patience for kids who are complete brats and no patience for someone being my boss who I feel doesn't know what they're talking about.   I feel like this is the crush teachers now are put in. They have some ungrateful, bratty simply impossible-to-teach kids in class, then a bunch of pressure from administrators and parents that is not helpful and often quite the opposite. They're sort of squeezed in the middle.
1	Responses are as follows;     If they put a cap on it their would be situations in which you needed to say things quickly anyways. IE, Ahri constantly poking in and out of lane is worthy of calling 'mia' on multiple times.     Arrow keys would require you to either A; move your hand from the QWER to the arrows, OR move your hand from your mouse. Both bad ideas in a game like league.
1	They don't balance out the hardware.   They add useless hardware.   They add useless "sick!" features.   They make the PC cost double what the hardware does.   Nothing special about their builds.   Here is an i7 (useless for most people) and 48 gigs of 2100 ram(kek)! ^^^and ^^^integrated ^^^graphics  But it has shiny lights!!!   This video starts slow, but a few minutes in, it portrays the problems with Alienware in a comedic way.
1	Didn't implies past tense.   Should implies future tense.   Breaking the contract himself weakens his own legal standpoint. That's why Own3d hasn't actually taken any action to get him to pay his penalty. Because if they try and enforce the penalty, they would have to use the contract as their legal reasoning, which would mean they'd have to pay him what they actually owe, which would mean they would lose money if they took legal action.   My point was actually that I don't get why he didn't take legal action sooner, or at least threaten to, instead of leaving it and hoping they'd pay him and slowly getting into a situation where he's now struggling to look after his family.
1	In terms of taking "long to kill", I have played both games very extensively, and I can tell you that Dota heroes die much more easily than league ones. Skills are just so powerful that even a very "fed" hero will fall under the right combination of skills and damage.   In terms of hard carries, generally I've found there is a "sweet spot" for Dota heroes. Hard carries are morphling, antimage, faceless void, and spectre for example. These characters are extremely item-dependent and capitalize on them. If one farms fast enough, they can 1v5 the other team if they are a hard carry. I've found that in league, if a team backs off, they will not be even close to "1v5'd" by a carry because it takes very long for everyone to be killed.   The reason you may believe that Dota heroes are not quite as "carry" as League is because Dota caters to the losing team. Snowballing is very, very easy in league. Towers and neutral objectives make the capitalization of a lead very easy. Once you're ahead in league, you just keep pushing ahead  given that you don't totally mess up - something not too hard to do. In dota, things like towers on high ground, powerful item abilities/counters, long respawn times and powerful skills means that turning the game around is actually encouraged by the game itself.   So although the "carry" does have the ability to completely crush the enemy team in dota, if it does not win fast enough, the other team still has the potential to counter him with items, farm their own carry, co-ordinate ganks, and push back.
0	I knew a guy on a road trip that stopped in Virginia at a reststop to sleep in his car for the night instead of an hotel. He drank a few beers before he went to sleep. About an hour after he fell asleep in his car a cop did a random patrol and saw a car turned off. Thats somewhat unusual because normally only truckers and rv's are at rest stops to sleep. The cop woke him up to make sure he was ok and smelt alcohol. He blows around a .09 and gets taken to jail. He decides to take it to trial by jury. He was in his 50's with no criminal record and had  faith that he did nothing wrong. The law in Virginia says if you possess keys in a vehicle while intoxicated its a dui. Because he took it to jury the judge threw the max penalty at him of 1 year in jail.
1	Nice comparison. Though sometimes stars are just too far ahead, and its rules dont apply. While i was smurfing, many times lategame lets say 2-3 members of my team went chasing enemy, while other 4 were missing. Usually conclusion is simple - its a bait that will end up in unfavorable teamfight (like 3 vs 5) so i ping to go back and stay in range high enough not to get caught, but close enough to help them escape when they finally see its a bait ... and turns out enemies were totally elsewhere on the map and it would be easy pick. (Numbers of allies and enemies may vary, but you get the idea).
1	Now I'm no longer on a mobile, and thank god for that.   What I'm trying to get across is that rank =/= your game knowledge   Even in Silver, I know timers, spawns, popular ward spots and how to get around them, but I tend to not apply that in a game because I'm either nervous or forget.   This does not mean that I'm a good player, in fact, I have enough big mess ups to believe I'm IN silver.   My mechanical knowledge isn't very solid (I miss way more CS than I should, I do tend to fuck up combos from time to time, I also have bad grouping habits sometimes), and as such, belong in silver.   That doesn't mean I know nothing about the game, because I do.  I know what items are good for who, why, and map knowledge like spawn timers, matchup potential, and strong warding spots.  I'm still not diamond, but I can think like the diamond players do on the spot   "So yes, you need to be at least diamond or challenger to have a correct opinion."   Like I said before, Montecristo, who is platinum, had a opinion of who would win AND was consistently more correct than two actual diamond players.  A lot of the balance team even happens to not be diamond and challenger, but they still balance the game.  You know why?  Because they have a lot of experience with the game to be informed.   When you see sports analysts (and mind you, LoL is an E-sport), they don't have to be big league players themselves, they just have to know the game enough to make predictions, and analyze plays.  Nobody ever calls them out for being good players if they are or not.   It's experience that matters.  You could be bronze V, watch every single LCS game, and still have formed an opinion.  Does it make that guy right?  Not exactly, but being bronze V doesn't make him wrong by default.
1	Bronze Insight : " Got 20 kills i'm god "  Good Player Insight : " Oh yeah that Triforce Anivia is doing magic... "
1	Maybe you skipped...idk my whole entire post.   Riot created and pushed Dominion onto us, as they thought it was a cool idea/twist. Obviously it was COOL AT FIRST but died after the cool feeling went away.   WE, THE PLAYERS, created ARAM; Riot just compromised to meet our desire for the map. ARAM has been around since the original MOBA, dota, therefore the "community that plays it" is much larger than anything else besides the map that the game revolves around.
1	ADC is all about proper positioning in team fights. Dont get killed at the start of a team fight. Try to stay more in the back and attack whatever comes your way. If it is a squishy - great! If not that is still okay. It is NOT wise to walk through the whole battleground just to try to attack the enemy ADC or AP mid - you will get killed ;)   Top: depends on the champion. With Olaf you want to do exactly what I just told you to not do as a ADC. With other champs like Malphite you want to wait for the right moment to use your ult and then slow their attack speed.   As a general rule of thumb melee Top wants to get quite tanky and just distract everyone from your own ADC/AP mid and go for the squishy champs. Ranged top behaves more like the ADC (e.g. Teemo, Jayce).
0	Here is the text from this meme pic for anybody who needs it:   >Title: Needless to say no one understood me...   >  TEACHER ASKS ABOUT BOOK ASSIGNMENT  >  SAYS
0	In the early '70s when I was born my mom stayed at home with me while my dad worked as the manager for a rental store. They also bought their first home at that time in the City of Chicago. My wife and I pull in 6 figures combined and we sometimes have to have 'cereal night' for the kids because we're waiting for the next check. If we were low wage workers I have no idea how we'd survive.
0	I live in a small town and almost nothing is done about legitimate crimes in the area. Even so, the local police set up speed traps everywhere, make arbitrary stops at a moment's notice, and write catalogs of minor tickets to be paid by an unsuspecting class of otherwise law-abiding citizens. Our roads are dangerously deteriorating and major crimes, but our men in blue always have the newest, professionally-tuned squad cars for "proactive law enforcement."   Rant time: A close acquaintance of mine used to live across the street from a deputy. She told me that she heard screaming outside her house one night and saw a woman running over to the deputy's house for help (I forget if it was robbery or sexual assault, but she was in dire need of assistance nevertheless). However, as she was crying for help and banging on the man's door, he refused to answer and gestured through the window for her to leave. Nothing was done about the crime following the event. Furthermore, one of the same houses on the block was--is--known to be a drop house, but the police force has done nothing to interfere. I personally have witnessed the lethargic sense of justice. Earlier this year, my car was robbed in one of the area's many rough neighborhoods. There were multiple witnesses who saw the event and could identify the person and even gave his name to the officer filing the report. No results or punishment then or since.
0	I know 2 landlords personally that do this as a living. 1 is nice and legit the other not so legit but they both have deeds to about a dozen houses. The problem isn't really cost as you can get just about anyone unemployed especially someone strung out on something to do a days worth of labor for maybe 50 bucks. But the thing is,  having a whole block up for sell at once like that isn't common,  more likely to have a few pairs of houses instead of a big group
0	Really? I was under the impression that $150-$250 in Christmas gifts was plenty for a kid (I use that loosely, up to young adult). A good computer costs a lot more than that, and yours would have to be really crappy to cost less than that. I'm guessing you're very well off though, so your son is probably pretty spoiled. Then again, I have 3 brothers, so maybe that's why I could never even imagine getting a gift like that.   My dad makes about 120k a year, and my stepmom makes about the same, but as far as I know, she  doesn't contribute nearly as much to the family, since we're not her kids.
1	I'm sure that the sisters were meant to be immortal though, with the gifts of magic that the watchers gave them, it would make sense for it to be anivia as a pheonix never dies, as it is just reborn and lissandra is already proven to be one.
1	Hey guys whats up. I'm The Letter J and I just started my youtube channel AND NOW HAVE 2 SUBS. I do ranked game commentaries. I also try to post a video at least once a day. I play every role and try to be as informative as I can. I peaked last season at Plat 4, currently Gold 2 and looking to climb back up. I would really appreciate if you guys could take the time and check me out!
1	Hey, as an avid Orianna player who picked her up when I first started the game - which, incidentally, turns out to be the time where she got the most nerfed - I think she's in a good place right now. She's strong enough that we occasionally see her in tournament plays (Salce, Froggen? ...)     R delay: I'm pretty sure the small delay is by design. I occasionally cringe when they manage to flash out of range or walk out because of that, but I've come to accept that my ball placement isn't good enough yet.   She doesn't have crazy damage but can be useful through a whole teamfight with her low cooldowns and good utility, which isn't true for burst casters such as Brand, Annie, Cassio and the like.   I have a feeling that if they buff the ball's speed they will need to nerf the rest of her kit to make up for it. It's probably the only thing that prevents her from dominating any opponent in mid-lane early - you have to be smart enough to predict the opponent movement or they have to be stupid enough to walk into your ball.   Movement speed: the MS steroid every 8 seconds or so makes up for it, especially since it's also an AoE slow for when you're running away/chasing.   Damage on E: I guess I would be fine with a slight buff there but I'm not sure it's really necessary.   Her passive is great for early engagements in lane or early ganks too, where you just need "that extra bit of damage". Also, in some teamfights/skirmishes, you're safe enough to be able to AA between your cooldowns, so it's far from useless in my view.
0	Father of a high functioning autistic girl.  My daughter is severely picky about what she eats.  We have been expanding on a small set of core foods since she was young.   But we knew she had issues the first time she at cottage cheese.  The moment the curd hit her mouth everything she had eaten to that point came back out.  There was no hesitation either.  It was a strong involuntary reaction to the texture of the cottage cheese.
0	every comment i make pertaining to my major in college on this site gets downvoted and responded to with people telling me to go watch the youtube channels they got their information from. the same art that got me accepted into emily carr university cant get more than 20 followers on tumblr. dont take the internet personally. you, your expressions matter even if they get down voted. whats important is perseverance and not giving a shit about peoples opinions unless theyre constructive in helping you better your posts or whatever it is youre trying to accomplish. none of this matters get curious about something and dont try to find acceptance anywhere but where your passions lay and even then fuck em if they dont care what matters is that you care.
1	I think item build is another incredible factor, too many times I'll see a carry get shit on by a Trynd or Annie  and then proceed to complain 'OMG SO OP' Well gee I wonder why? Flat AD items and attack speed wont you get you so far. They think dishing out the  most damage possible will win them  fights.
0	Whoah whaoh whoah.  You should always buy Halo 4.  (Also your argument is invalid as they are complaining about xbox live and Halo 4 is the medium to xbox live, thus the logical conclusion to avoid xbox live spamming is to simply avoid xbox live as opposed to avoiding Halo 4 because other games do grant access to 12 year olds cussing at you on xbox live.)
0	I worked at a grocery store up the street from what we all call "The Bottoms". The number if people inn food streams and wic was insane. But there seem to be endless loopholes with both.   WIC checks give you specific instructions. For example, on most it will not allow you to get whole milk, sugary cereals etc. One time these three obese white women had a huge fit because we wouldnt go against the checks instructions and sell them whole milk or this fancy cheese. They bitch about how Bi-Lo would do it and leave to go there. Like, really bitch? Its fucking free just accept it!   Another time another group of beyond fat women (this demographic was our most common customer) paid with foodstamps for $200 worth of junk and garbage. I go outside to get shopping carts and these same bitches open the trunk to a brand new toyota already filled with tons of walmart bags. I dont know how many foodstamps they need, but it certainly isnt that many. They were ungrateful and ghetto. Naturally they made a left turn and into "that" part of town.   Another time, this young but dirty looking girl came through my line. She grabbed a 40 and asked for ciggarettes. She also wanted a can of enfamil (baby formula). There wasnt enough on her food stamp card. So, with the 20 in her wallet, she paid for the beer and ciggs, but not the food for her kid. Blew our fucking minds.
0	Dude, I did the exact same thing!  Funny thing is, I know my wife uses reddit and now she might find out... She will be pissed.
1	Yeah, yesterday had a game where our lastpick picked tp flash evelynn and roamed, I went bot as olaf (was meant to be top) vs kog soraka to give sivir a chance vs a solo so she could actually farm, and all lanes won, eve went like 7/0.
0	Just want to say, eHarmony is shit. Women within 5 years of my age (21) and in my entire state and surrounding area (Wisconsin) simply do not give fucks (figuratively, of course). I received maybe 3 responses ever when sending messages, and only 1 woman initiated conversation EDIT: in a year. Source: my parents paid for an account for my birthday.
0	Me and my wife tried something like this.  I busted into the bedroom and started at it then she went, "no, stop." So I did.  She looked at me funny and asked why I stopped.  Apparently, "Because you told me to," was not the right answer.   We never tried it again and we still laugh about it now and then.
0	I don't think many people get wet at the idea of war. The few that do either don't understand it, or are so fucked up they're beyond help.   Now, war blows. It's fucked up, scary, and for some weird reason is considered diplomatic (why else would there be a set of rules for killing?).   And those that volunteer to put themselves in harm's way - good for them. It's not so much that it's a dangerous job (I believe that there are a number of jobs more dangerous than a deployed soldier including crab fisherman)...   ...but it's a  scary  job.   However, despite me having a great deal of respect for the individuals who volunteer themselves for the military, I have unfortunately met numerous people who can't do it honorably. I have to wonder this:   Is there still honor in putting yourself in harm's way when you're a total douche in every other aspect of your life?   I don't know if the military converts people to this mindset, or if it attracts them in the first place. An old roommate of mine was in the airforce reserves as an HVAC technician, and was in Iraq for 3 months. He was a total dirtbag, never tried to improve himself, was a racist fuck, and just overall was a giant turd.   I realized that a lot of those fighting for us are basically this guy.   Another friend of mine grew up as a lazy fuck, and had a tough time belonging anywhere. He went off overseas too - Afghanistan. Gained some bigtime weight, and left the military, but only after getting a 30% disability because of PTSD. He totally doesn't have PTSD. He blames everyone else for his failures, and claims everyone else has an advantage in life over him.   Now on the other side of the coin is my dad. My dad was an officer. Officers don't deal with the shit that enlisted men have to deal with (they're pampered, yes, but they do have more responsibility over a fuckup).   He hated being in Vietnam, but he treated people with respect even when things got shitty. One of his men requested an appointment with him in the 1960s (this was when he was stationed somewhere in the southern US).   The man sat down, and said "Captain, I'm gay."   My dad was taken aback. He never knew anyone that was openly gay. He also knew that this guy would be murdered if it got back to the other men. He called another officer into his office (very loud and un-diplomatically). They worked to discharge him honorably from the military.   In the 1960s even the hippies didn't understand homosexuality. My dad didn't understand it at all, but knew how to deal with it humanely. I think considering that this is pre-don't ask, don't tell, that's a big move.   (Today he considers homosexuality normal and deserving of all civil rights).   So yeah - the military deserves a fundamental change. A universal catch-all for all the "misfits" is ripe for abuse.
1	If I buy a ward because I feel you're not warding enough   ..   >
0	What if I told you that term limits would make it worse. I'm too lazy to provide a link, but Michigan imposed term limits about fifteen years ago and it's been an absolute partisan mess ever since. Here's the short of it: First, by it's very nature, term limits reduce the experience level of the politicians dealing with complicated regulatory schemes. Second, due to their collective inexperience, lobbiests become increasingly important and relied upon for their "expertise."  They spoonfeed their pet politicians proposed legislation and so forth (even more so than they do in non-term-limited jurisdictions). Third, term limits effectively eliminate bipartisan relationships that are built over years or decades. The result is a bunch of small-minded ideologues who toe the party line. Forth, because they're term limited, elected leaders have every incentive to cozy up to lobby interests to secure post-political employment.
1	Doran's shield is a great item to start with. Grab that first, then on your first trip back get tier 1 boots and start building towards Rylai's.   Boots of mobility are only good on roaming/ganking champs like Alistar, Shaco, Eve, Twitch and a few others, not usually a good choice on mages since you want to maximize your dmg output, therefore I would get sorc boots instead.   After finishing Rylai's, a deathcap is probably a good idea. If you are melting in every teamfight, then build either an abyssal scepter or an hourglass first, depending on the dmg that you take.
0	caveat, i'm only speaking for myself and my own personal biases. second caveat, it's not bad, it's just that I would be proud of a child for the following reasons:     to me, halloween is about creativity. wearing the  presumably  same, store-bought outfit as everyone else is the opposite of creativity     "buying into" a fictitious character feels like a loss of independent or critical examination. i would argue that one specific character can't personify you. just as I wouldn't wear a t-shirt with a joke on the front all night or a picture of commander Shepard (I'd be tired of the joke quickly, and people will sum you up in that joke) I would try to avoid being a specific character unless it was really, really clever.     this is a character concocted by disney. i just feel uneasy about how much influence the company has over our culture- specifically, what kids think life is supposed to be like or about. it sounds like frozen was a better movie to base role models on, but being absorbed into a carefully formed character just makes me uneasy.
1	You know whats funny though, they have always had that kind of playstyle where they kind of sacrifice Dyrus for the greater good, yeah in NA and against EU teams that works, it will not work against asian teams and it has been proven earlier, thats why loco and the rest of TSM claims that they want to change up their playstyle but they still rely on the same thing..
0	Engaging in Illicit Sexual Conduct in Foreign Places. - Any     United States citizen or alien admitted for permanent residence who     travels in foreign commerce, and engages in any illicit sexual     conduct with another person shall be fined under this title or     imprisoned not more than 30 years, or both."   [Chapter 117, 18 U.S.C. 2423(c)](
1	Both of your posts capture the actual reason why people want to make smurfs. Most (not all) of the people commenting with hate towards smurfs don't understand the reason behind smurfing and let their ignorance lead them to blindly hate smurfs.   There are also a lot of comments from people that clearly don't understand how the game and matchmaking works. Adding more players starting "fresh" at 1200 mmr won't change anything because it happens to everyone at the start of every season. The comments saying it will increase the amount of players who just don't care about their ranked games because it's their smurf isn't true. The amount of players who do that is insanely small, because most people make their smurfs because they care about ranked games. It's not going to entice people to not care about ranked games, because no one wants their ranked statistics on any of their accounts to make them look bad.   A while back Riot implemented this neat thing called smurf buster. I made an account back when they implemented it to test how well it worked. It took one game for it to recognize that my skill level was above that of a new player and I was always playing against smurfs after that. This means unless you team up with your new friend in queue they more likely than not, won't be playing against or with smurfs.   It's fine not understanding why someone would want a smurf, but most people don't make them to pub stomp players who aren't as good as them. Most people make smurfs to try and improve themselves! Yes some toxic players do make them to pub stomp, but again those are toxic players (if they can even get matched with them), they are going to be toxic and antifun no matter what.   The reason I wanted to make a smurf was for easier solo queue climbing. I had taken a break from league and I came back to play some ranked, did horrible in my placement matches (2 wins 8 losses) and got placed in bronze 1. I had a higher than 90% win ratio on more than 3 champions(curb stomping pl3bs and didn't even make a smurf). It didn't take long before I reached gold. I didn't lose a series until my gold 1 promos into plat. Now the whole time I was grinding out these ranked games I considered how much faster it would be if my smurf was 30 and I could just do my promos over again and easily get placed in gold. Right here my thoughts about wanting a smurf weren't too hurt lower elo players but to make things easier on myself without having to interfere with so many other people. This was to show that most people don't have malicious intent when making/wanting a smurf.
1	As a person who attended this amazing event, thundersticks was a little over the top, but a loud crowd and a full room (out of standing room too, i got lucky and had a seat) just makes everything much better. On Friday, it wasn't as crowded as Saturday, and because of that, I had much more fun on Saturday.
1	My only problem with a best of 7 is... like you've said... too long.   The Finals possibly a bo7 but a bo5 is still a better format on the Finals even.  Here's why.   There isn't enough strategic diversity offered now that the meta of "optimal gameplay" is forming.  This could be seen in vision control, objective (towers / buff) control, dragon / baron skirmish control.   The only diversity that could trump this almost common playstyle that teams are trying to optimize is through champion selection.   Champion selection has its own tier list on strength at the moment.  I think i read somewhere that Riot is trying to strengthen the disparity by buffing lesser played characters to the extent where the gameplay meta + the added champion pool diversity that stands a chance in competing on a tournament gives enough variance where a best of 7 could warrant that.
0	It was a "furnished" house, and on the phone I figured well, it's possible I could have missed it, though I remember packing it away. The quotations are due to the fact that all of the furniture seemed to have come out of a prop store.  We found out just after moving in several nasty problems with the furnishings: that you couldn't actually sit on the dining room chairs without falling through the seat (the plywood was cutout underneath the cushion, and replacing it would have destroyed the chairs in the process), the frame to the love seat was trashed in the back left corner causing the leg to always pop off, and the futon consisted of two weak coil spring mattresses with no lateral strength such that just sitting on the futon put a side load on the springs which caused several of them to buckle and a spring would always poke the balls.   We documented the condition of all the furniture and sent him pictures and he agreed he wouldn't hold any of it against us at the end of the lease with our security deposit due to the fact that he purchased all of the furniture from thrift shops.  Low and behold at the end of the lease, we move out, and all of the sudden the futon was brand new and cost just shy of our security deposit.  He then sent pictures of the way we "left the house" and he put trash and all sorts of shit all over the place for pictures, of which I had not taken any at the end.  Believe my end of the story or not, but that is unfortunately how it went down.   Two months later we purchased our first home, and are much happier not having to deal with slumlords anymore.
0	Old people need diapers because their shitting muscles are weak and loose after years of abuse. Thus, when we're all around 75 years of age, an advice mallard meme stating, "Do yourself a favor and invest in a high quality adult diaper." will be relevant to redditors.
0	This. Even if he did live in an area where there is a large gay social population, most of the ones that go out and are social are younger (in their early twenties to mid thirties). Just remember /u/Phaesus, you can still be yourself, even though you're out. I am sure I can figure out how strange it can be for a recently uncloseted older gay man. When I used to go to the gar bars with my friends, most of the older men there were creepers who gave off weird vibes and tried to get my friends to blow them. Not cute. However, you may be able to get in touch with some other older professional gay men through social websites. If you live near a big town (like Cincinnati or Los Angeles for example) check out their subreddits to see if there are any activities going on there. If you are from a smaller town (like mine) check something like Adam For Adam (I am guessing you might know what that is) I don't know what all you can search for on A4A but I am sure you can probably find people that are around your age that do want to hang out and do more than just hook up if that's what you are into.
1	A great analysis! I would just like to posit a couple facts about the value of buff control. Blue buff at early levels in mid lane alone instigates a variety of positive phenomena which create a snowball effect. Namely, the ability to push lane and swing top or bottom for an early gank, negate the opposing mids farm with superior harassing power, and, if your mid has an escape or hard cc, make enemy ganks utterly unsuccessful. While red on the otherhand is essential for junglers early because of the effetiveness it adds to ganks. This is especially prevalent in new jungle.
1	And completely other content.   The videos  are  great, but new players will understand very few things from these or don't care about a lot of information (new players won't see the value in spells shield negation, in dragon/baron tipps, etc. pp.)
1	yeah you see here is the thing. riot NEEDS to establesh consistant rules across the board regardless of cultural differences this is a world event it has to ignore some cultural differences and come to a compromise. seeing as riot is a us based entity it makes sense for them to utilize the rules they use internally.
1	I really think permaban is way too harsh. Ok, Someone is offensive and "can't" fight it or doesn't want to fight it. Don't block him from the game! Either permamute him,or,find a better way to punish him (like  "debt",in whenever game he gets reported and is report worthy (not reported for playing sion) then deduct a set amount of ip,more every time.)
1	Mundo thinks that snipe make you big sissy, Mundo get up close and hit people with cleaver sometimes even walking past walls to get where I please
0	I read that as Pillsbury Glands.
0	I use Netflix, I buy DVDs, I buy box sets, and I pay for DirecTV.  That being said, pirating is far easier than legal means of getting content a lot of the time.  The real problem with the TV and movie industry is that they make getting content legally harder than pirating.  When I first switched from Dish to DirecTV they had a promo for getting Starz, HBO, and a lot of other premium channels for 3 months.  I was really excited because I could now watch GOT on HBOGO rather than pirating the episodes.  The first time I tried using HBO GO it made me enter a bunch of info about my DirecTV account (for verification) and then it let me choose episodes of any HBO show I wanted to watch.   I know that I was trying to watch whatever the most recent GOT episode was and it took forever to buffer. I left it for about ten minutes and HBO closed the show on me due to inactivity.  So I tried again and sat there hitting play then pause every couple of minutes so that it would buffer and not log me out.   Now before anyone goes off about me having shitty internet, I gave up when I got 20 min into the episode and downloaded it.  Took maybe 20 minutes to download and I could watch the episode all the way through without any problems.  Same quality if not better.   I figured that maybe the traffic was just too high on the new episodes so I decided that I would give it another shot and watch an older episode.  Same problems.  On top of the inability to stream the show in a bearable fashion, it made me reenter all of that DirecTV crap every time I used a different device.  This was not just for the first time using each device, but every time I switched devices (I would guess that this is fixed by now).   Now, I will say that having HBO was nice.  I could DVR episodes or watch them right when they came out, but the only way that the extra $30 (I think that was the price) a month was worth it is if I could use the streaming service as well.   Those couple of positive aspects are easily trumped by pirating.  If I download the episode, I can screen share with my TV or with my Xbone.  I can also just take my phone over to someone else's house and screen share with their TV.  I can watch on my computer, TV, cell phone whenever I want. No logins, no slow streaming, no hassle.  I also don't have to worry about website crashes or content being removed or content never existing on the service I use (looking at you Netflix).  The content is also available within minutes after being posted from its respective source rather than in months or years (.   Assuming money is meaningless, pirating is still a more reliable and superior method for accessing content.  Unless Netflix has what you want, which they usually do not.
1	Everyone says Shaco is weak, but in solo queue, he's actually insanely strong. He's great in the jungle, fine with clearing and fucking awesome against counterjungling (or countering himself). He gets away from damn near anything. His ganks are really strong, and do good stuff for your lanes.   One thing I've noticed from playing him, is that people just act like he's any other ganker, so you get serious damage on them, and often times a kill. You can then snowball that lane, but it doesn't stop there. For some reason, people just assume that you're going to be the problem, so they start focusing you, which leaves your now-fed laners to destroy them in teamfights while you ult and lololDeceive away.
1	On a lower tier of play yes they are the same but when you get into the nitty gritty of mechanics they are very very different.   Graves is tanky with his passive and has a better time in the fray, denies you vision with his utility.  Lucian is mean to go in, then out, then back in again, then to the side, then back out and ult you to death utilizing the movement speed from his utility to keep him safe rather than straight up mitigating damage
1	yesterday i witnessed something that really made my day. i was playing katarina mid in bronze 2.  i played against an ap tristana and due to two very annoying mistakes i got her firstblood and a second kill.   despite that, i just continued to farm, ping, buy wards, communicate with my team and beein nice. our wukong though - he was even at toplane - flamed the hell out of me (perfect following of rule #3).   in midgame, there was an awesome teamfight where i ultied the whole team just after wu knocked them up and we cleaned them 2v5. we snowballed that fight and won every other tf and finally the game.   funny thing: after the game went to our favour our wukong suddendly turnes into the nicest person i met long ago, he apologized, said im really good at kata mechanics (which i doubt, im in bronze 2) and honored me.   and that is the real problem in my opinion: not only toxic people are flaming in LoL.. its often nice people that just stopped giving a fck. and i do not have any idea what to do against this...
0	Don't be ashamed. It's just an opinion. They'll get over it. I'm notorious for my perspective and logic. Just be glad down voters can only do just that. Anymore power and places like this would be boring as hell.
1	Why does everyone think he's playing silvers? Like, even if he made a fresh smurf, after winning 10/10 or 9/10 placement matches, you're already low gold. It won't take him more than 50 games to get plat (and 50 is honestly stretching it). I just hate it when I see people make comments like this saying what he is doing is wrong, selfish, or unskilled. He's a really good riven player and you can see that from his mechanics. Maybe he's not a pro level top laner but who cares, he's not asking to be.
0	if you get hacked once, im pretty sure the hacker could get your other password too, even if it was different.   If they hack you machine yes, but if they hack Sony/Twitter, they will just have that information.   >plus, if you used different passwords for everything, "someone could use the information they get from one account to compromise the other ones"   Very, very good point, but at least they would need to mine that information, and it might not all be available. The type of attack that worked on Mat Honan is not that common, and required some phone calls. Not a big amount of work, if it is just the same user/password, you've make it as easy as you can for them.   >
0	okay so I'm sure this has been said somewhere in here but i don't see it so I'm going to say it anyway. In foreign countries you still are paying for service. The only difference is the price is factored into the price of the food rather then left as a tip, and the restaurant uses that extra money to pay their servers. The idea behind leaving a tip is to encourage the servers to do a good job and provide good service or the customer has the option to leave a shitty tip. Not saying its good or bad, just putting it out there.
0	Here's the thing. The "snitches get stiches" policy only applies to those involved in criminal activity. If you've been caught for something, and tell on someone else to lighten your own punishment, you are a snitch and subject to the punishments laid forth by the particular criminal subculture that you are a part of.   Regular, law abiding citizens are not subject to "snitches get stiches" because they have not subscribed to a criminal lifestyle. If a criminal victimizes an upstanding citizen, they have already fucked up and deserve to be told on. If a citizen witnesses a crime and reports it, they are not a snitch, they are a regular person doing the right thing.
1	I don't get it. They say he is too strong when fed and too weak when not fed. Isn't it some kind of REWARD to be strong when fed? I mean, come on. Rengar can't farm up and be super strong, he HAS to get kills in order to 100-0 someone. You had to master Rengar to be super fed and I think that was a good thing. Even when he is fed there counterplay. One peeler is enough to keep Rengar off of the target.
1	since I started akali my build has ALWAYS included a mejais.   she's one of the best heroes to snowball on, because she can beat quite a few people in lane, or at least farm well if she's not doing so hot. my build if i'm surely winning the lane and it's going to continue   boots 3xpot at start go back at 1350ish, buy mejais, ward, more pots go back to lane and play aggressive, continue to kill your lane every time you can, and go back with 650 or wait til 1850, and get Mobi boots + revolver, then roam to build stacks, finish the gunblade and then get a ga. the rest of your items are situation based, and if you're not doing too great you can build the gunblade before mejais, it'll help you become a threat in the mid game, even if you're a little behind.   Anyway, that was a really high attempt at me writing on wtf i do on akali. A lot of people hate on it but it got me to 1900+ last season...it can't be that bad, and I think it's perfect for carrying "elo hell games". Just my 2 cents.
1	no moar melee/uber short range ult that deal tons of damage   now rocket need to fly a bit to deal max dmg
1	Hijacking top comment here to give a suggestion of my own:  I like the 5IP/Honour idea ,  however  at this current rate, it can  easily be abused  to give the user  45IP  per game just by spamming honour.  My suggestion : Let's combine your MVP idea with my own, and make it so that  every user  is allowed to distribute  1 honour per game . The player that receives the  most honour  is classified as the  MVP . This way, players only earn 5IP a game which is a non-abusable amount IMO, and there will be a fair and just way to dictate who the MVP is. Several notes to make on this system:     It should only be used in Solo Queue Ranked . And honour distribution should be disabled for Duo Queue and Team Ranked.  Reason? Abuse . In Normals I don't think people should have an MVP system as it would encourage people to always win and never try out new and exciting combinations (Plus it's a normal I don't an MVP is necessary there anyway).     This system can allow RIOT to change the Ribbon Thresholds . With this new system,  honour will be earned  and hard to earn as well. With only 1 honour allowed per game, you can  let the threshold for a Ribbon be an exact number   E.G   Reach 50 Teamwork honours to obtain a green ribbon.  or a number that can be realistically obtained in a Season.
1	The reason why sheen items are so good on TF, nid, fizz, etc..., is because they have spells which uses up with lichbane proc as they hit the enemy champ.  TF's pick a card does the spell damage, and the lich bane proc.  On top of this because lichbane works on towers it makes tf a tower destroyer.  Same for nid and her Q in cougar form.  On top of that nid spams spells which makes her get maximum use of the lichbane.  Fizz obviously uses it on his Q and W.   Orianna it isn't bad because she spams spells, but it isn't great either because she hardly autos in teamfights because a lot of the time you want to keep your distance, and you are only doing damage with your ball and are too far away to autoattack.  Ryze no because there are better items.  Leblanc is busy building other items that are better because he needs to 100 to 0 someone from a combo so she needs items like, deathfire, deathcap, and voidstaff.   Lichbane (or frozen fist) is a must have on AP ezreal, because his Q proces the lichbane proc.
0	Your opinion obviously is based off of nothing. Your idea of young mothers not having the mental ability is debunked by your own source.   "Three alternative explanations for this relationship are explored-the life course-immaturity account, the persistent poor parenting-role model account, and the diminished resources account.  We find no evidence supporting the first account claim . " It's pretty obvious that when a young single mother faces many advertises and often ends with her being and single parent, living off welfare and never getting a  degree her children will not have the best upbringing but this is entirely a social problem and has nothing to do with actual age of the woman.
0	This is doubly true when you're at a traffic-controlled intersection using magnetic loop sensors.  The break in traffic caused by the flow stopping to let someone in can trip the sensor and bring on the red light early.  The exception for me is when I'm coming up to a light that just turned red.  In that case, I'll let someone into traffic in front of me because there's no flow to slow.
0	While a possible scenario... I feel this lacks context for some. I can definitely see how some kids may have thought of my mom as 'awesome'. But she was in actuality a pushover with an abusive husband(who I hated).   So yeah, I treated her like shit cause she couldn't even stand up to a 12 year old, let alone her husband. I had a shite family, some people had great ones. The others who had mediocre and above could never really comprehend how shite mine was. Some kids would always snicker like I was a 'badass rebel', when I would [honestly] say I hated my dad.
1	Everyone needs to understand that the league system is still based off elo and promo series are just a way to let you know that you are closer to the next div or tier. Just think of every div as needing more than 140lp to get to the next one while div 1s need 160. If your elo is the same as your place in the leage you will get 20 points per win. If you got placed in gold 3 like me but were 3 elo off gold 2 you will get 25-30 points and lose less aswell.
0	You're making a huge assumption that the parents are good at cooking, budgeting, etc. And I don't see why we can't have both things taught in school. There used to be "home economics class", which was taught side by side with academic courses and taught things like cooking, sewing, and budgeting. Now we may have to update the lessons, but I think "home economics" should be taught in high school. You're no worse off going to college having both academic and practical knoweldge. EDIT: What I mean to say is that the students who will go on to college will be no worse off, but the students who don't will be much better off.
0	I read the whole rant, and agree with you on several things.   However your perception of the military lifestyle are a bit off.  My husband isn't deployed and has been at work for 17 hours.  This is the norm.  We've calculated before, and he's making less than minimum wage (not counting insurance).   It's getting harder and harder to stay in long enough to rate retirement.  Didn't get promoted because your mos is slow to promote? Out.  Can't make weight (even though you've been in 10 years)? Out.   There's some issues with housing as well.  The last base housing we were at was built on a landfill. We're currently living in on base housing that was condemned, and has several mold problems. The next base we're moving has settled lawsuits because of the housing conditions and health risks.   The military has decided to give DOD employees 22 days off in the next 5 months, including the teachers to cut costs.  My children's school will most likely be cancelled.
1	Can't see more than 2 asian teams making it to the finals. So I would say 2 out of the three from Najin, Frost, and IG. I would say that either IG or Frost won't make it our of group A, and that Najin will make it out of group B. For the western teams, I would say most likely we'll see CLG.eu, and then it's a real toss up between M5, TSM, CLG.NA, and dig. I don't have confidence that SK will make it out of group A, since they don't seem like they have a full comprehensive idea of asian teams as much as CLG does. I would love to see dig make it out of groups, but at the same time I don't know if they can beat out CLGEU and Najin.   For the finals specifically I would say it'll be one asian vs one western. It's a very good chance that the asian team that we will be seeing will be one of the two from group A, and I think that of the western teams out there CLGEU has the highest chance of making it to the finals.
1	its most often only the one of the duos that is toxic and the other one feels presured to do the same. For example i duoed with one dude i met on league and he seamed really nice so i choose to play with him. but i noticed when me and him went bot he fellt that it was our bot even if other people called it first, so while he demanded botlane i asked the person that called first if me and the dude could take bot.   me myself is against toxic people and think they are the part of a losst game and often is ruening for other players. another example   i play with my friend that is lvl 12 i am lvl 30, so when i play with him i try to help the other players by first asking if they want some tips then i give them tips if they want, because if you just gives them tips they can fell like you think they suck.
0	Here is the text from this meme pic for anybody who needs it:   >Title: Love it when this happens   >Meme: Good Guy Greg   >  WRITES A REALLY LONG POST >  INCLUDES A
1	no. i answered to you
0	I agree a bit with OP here, I'll add my 2 cents:   I was prescribed ritalin as a child, and HATED IT. I obviously have ADD.   Reasons for hating it(at the time):    created an easy target for teasing as "Oh look, brockvenom is one of those dysfunctional kids that takes ritalin!"    at such a young age (grade school), I noticed how it affected my body and mind and didn't like it.    Ritalin made me feel "cloudy" after a while. Or 'brain dead', basically, I felt very passive.   Because of these reasons, my parents allowed me to stop taking the meds after a year or two, and for the rest of school through Jr. High and High school, I did not take medication.   Because I wasn't a complete loser, I still wanted to learn and progress despite my struggles with attention. Through my own personal growth, I developed ways for me to overcome it on my own.  I feel lucky because I learned how to cope naturally with ADD.   Everyone is capable of developing their own coping mechanisms, but the biggest one for me was multi-tasking. I found I was always distracting myself, uncontrollably. I would even realize it. Eventually I figured out I need to distract myself with  useful  distractions. For instance, at work, I usually work on at least 5 projects at a time. When I get the urge to draw my attention away from what I'm doing, I apply it to another project, and so on.   My bosses love it, it might take me a few weeks, but when I'm done with one project, usually 4 more are immediately completed, too.   Another method, no joke, was I self-prescribed Marijuana later in my years. It helped me get through college. Somehow, it helps me focus and tune out distractions. Wish I could smoke at work...   Alas, I finally began taking Vyvanse a year ago. I went from age 8 - age 26, not needing the meds. I don't rely on them, and I only like taking them if I have a lot to get done - I take breaks every weekend and some weekdays. I got a RX last year because in addition to my ADD, I was having motivation problems, which the meds helped greatly.
1	Hmm, interesting. I totally forgot about the quicksilver sash and I hadn't thought of not going for armor at all, lmao.   If Sion takes Thornmail (which would be kinda strange as he's against a magic damage champion), then the Spellsword Mastery damage reflected off the Thornmail passive would kill Veigar instantly. Ok, so suppose he doesn't take that mastery. Veigar's roughly 1.3 million~ AP equates to roughly 975,000 damage from Lichbanes. Since Lichbane is an on-hit ability, it is not reflected by Thornmail. Veigar has roughly 96 base AD at level 18, and then 30% reflected damage equates to 32 damage every autoattack. Veigar's base health at level 18 is roughly 1830 or so, meaning that Veigar would kill himself in 61 (possibly 64 factoring in health regen etc) autoattacks. Sion would die after Veigar procs Lichbane off Baleful Strike twice.   I don't really think that Nasus stands a chance here, especially with that build.   I'll give Sion a Quicksilver Sash, Banshee's Veil, Atma's Impaler, Zhonya's (since he can dodge either Baleful Strike and/or Primordial Blast), and 2 Spirit Visages for the Magic Resist.   So if Veigar happens to miss his first Event Horizon, then Sion can flash through, activating his shield. Baleful Strike pops spell shield, but since Veigar's autoattack range is only 525, technically it is too short to proc Lichbane, and since Death's Caress has a explosion radius of 550, Veigar cannot hit Sion if he stays just out of range. Of course, this would be highly unlikely. with Veigar's spell shield down, Sion throws out his Cryptic Gaze. Veigar uses DFG and then ults, damaging Sion, but since Cryptic Gaze also has a range of 550, Veigar cannot autoattack as he is out of range. Veigar uses his Quicksilver Sash to remove the stun. Since Veigar is slightly slower than Sion, he flashes in, hitting Sion with Baleful Strike and the Lichbane enhanced autoattack, further damaging Sion. Sion then stuns Veigar again, since the cooldown on Sion's Cryptic Gaze has been reduced to 5.6 seconds through the use of masteries and runes. One hit, and Veigar has died.   However, if Veigar manages to land his first stun, (which,  as you pointed above, would be far more likely), then Sion loses his spell shield as it takes precedence. Without his spell shield, Sion is then unable to charge up his Death's Caress, thus having to use his stun to pop Veigar's Banshee's. This is what I think would then happen: Veigar flashes in, using DFG, ulting and then proccing Lichbane. With Sion's stun not yet up, Veigar can move out of range with ghost while Sion slowly catches up, wait for his Event Horizon to come back up (which takes roughly 9.6 seconds with his CDR). He can then stun Sion, use Baleful Strike, Dark Matter and Lichbane to finish Sion off.
0	A yorkie showed up in my front yard.   I put up signs and checked with local vets and the police department, but noone came looking for him. At that point, they guessed him about 8-10 years old. When guesses put him at 14-16 years old, I had bonded with no animal in my life more profoundly than JD. The last couple years were a constant state of worry. It was when he started losing his teeth that I got worried. It was when he lost his first canine that I started panicing.   Unfortunately, my advise for current elderly dog owners would be, you'll know. Odds are it wont blindside you (well, it will, but not how you think). He was such a crazy, high energy, little thing that I figured he'd go out like a light bulb. One minute jumping around like he always did. Next stroked out dead.   Nope, one day he just decided he wasn't going to eat anymore. Being a yorkie (stubborn eaters), I had been through it and didn't cater to his denial for food for 3 days. Then I caved and got him a new brand hoping to get his attention. Then I tried going to the go to what got him eating when I first found him, lunch meat. After a week, I got desperate and got a baby syringe and started feeding him meat based baby foods.   I was unemployed at the time. It was horrible. I basically just laid with him and died with him. It was 2 or 3 weeks of spending my full days laying with him, trying to force feed him some baby food every 2 to 3 hours, watching him waste away, hoping as hard as I could that he would just eat something on his own again. It got to the point where he would get up and try to walk to his dog house, and would only be able to take a step or 2 before he collapsed. After this back and forth, him trying to get to his dog house, but not being able to make it, me picking him back up and bringing him back to the couch, I tried to feed him again and he immediately threw the food back up. It looked and sounded painful.   I had been wrestling with the thought, but that was the moment I thought "I need to call the vet". I couldn't compose myself enough to make the call, so my wife called a local mobile vet for us. I took him into his backyard, and he had a burst of energy (I think he knew) he hadn't had in weeks. Strong enough to walk half the length of the back yard to his favorite spot. He surveyed his yard from his favorite spot, hobbled back over to me, and collapsed on the ground. I picked him up, brought him back inside, and the vet arrived...   summation in the form of a
1	I guess I will be one of the first people to say no. I got diamond early in the season, was anywhere from d2 to d5. I knew I'd never get challenger, so ranked to me just became a highly competitive place to practice mechanics. If the only reason I win my lane is because I got free kill and snowball from a d/c, then I get nothing out of that game. If it happens to me I am sure they will kill me, but in a game where I am lagging I don't expect to win anyways. If you are concerned about climbing the ladder, then of course kill them everytime. Just know that in tournaments you can't expect a d/c to get you a win, especially with the pause feature.
1	This is E-sports we're talking about here. The world-class talent that emerges for the professional scene wont necessarily have highly developed social skills like say a professional baseball player would, since the baseball player had his sport throughout his childhood to surround him with people that wanted to socialize with him.   League doesnt do that. He hasnt delved with the masses for years prior to becoming famous. He sat in a dark room and kicked ass in summoners rift. Who learns how to talk to people face to face while staring at a computer screen 24/7?   Yes, OP, you're right. They SHOULD show better sportsmanship, but it would only be for the audience.
1	One of the curious things about League of Legends that I've noticed that I rarely see mentioned has to do with this. Every time you interact with a teammate (mechanically), you are forced to cooperate with them without communication to some extent. Even if you're in the same room, constantly talking to one another, the pace of a fight is going to outstrip your conversation. At that point, how well you working with your teammate(s) intuitively (essentially, how 'in sync' you are) takes over. If your teamwork is solid, it can help you play significantly better than normal. If it's weak, it can hold you back.   When you're playing support or AD carry, you are constantly interacting with a teammate for pretty much the entire laning phase, so compatibility with your lane partner is very important. I've had lanes with friends I know very well go incredibly poorly, and I've played games in solo queue where everything unfolded perfectly, despite never having played with my partner before. So, in essence, you should strive to find someone you work well with, and when you do, your games are going to be much easier and (arguably more importantly) more fun.
0	Wow, if you think thats the worst part of dating you have had some awesome relationships.
1	From what i've seen, Rengar is still pretty damn strong, he's still able to do his job quite well of assassinating targets even with the changes.   One guy whinged about Rengar being bad after he lost lane saying he sucks due to changes, this happened because he mis played not cause Rengar sucks now.   Another guy i saw also lost lane early, but he was able to come back into the game and was able to pretty much 3v1,   Comments about the R range being to big, think about his bone tooth passive, he gets a boat load of move speed when he reaches a certain amount of trophies, his R by default still gives him 25-45% move speed, the 1000 range ain't hard to gap close.
0	It's funny how different this thread is from the original one. They're complete polar opposites. It's amazing how people can read a negative comment about the picture and get the "Yeah fuck that rich white girl" mentality (like the original thread) but they read a comment saying something along the lines of "She didn't do anything wrong, she's just lucky to have that opportunity and the people commenting are just jealous" (this thread) and everyone comments almost exactly the same way. There's no diversity in either threads but each thread has a completely different view to the picture.
1	There are also other factors of ELO Hell that have yet to be discussed, you may say these don't occur as much as you would think but unfortunately they do. Trolls and Leavers/AFKers. Yes it is possible to win 4v5 but add the before mentioned challenges and its a lot more difficult. I won't go into full detail on this one considering how long this post has already gotten. Here's an example for you from YESTERDAY; Troll - "Either I jungle or I troll" picks trundle we scout the invade into out blue still runs straight into them for first blood.  AFKers  - After a rough 40 minute game we've caught up I'm at almost 300 cs with Caitlyn even after the initial feeding from our mid Kog and top GP we're winning team fights because of our jungle and I. He unexpectedly just goes AFK.  *The value of ELO in ELO Hell isn't really that greatly appreciated and players will sacrifice it just to get their way or if they cannot get their way make you suffer for it.   In-Fighting/Morale  It dies when your team gives up first blood or when your mid gets ganked because he didn't ward and blames it on the jungle. Its really like a hymen it doesn't just break when you stick your dick into it, it can break with the smallest amount of physical activity. And when it breaks either it GUSHES out the blood and just a bit no one will ever really know til you break it.   Warding  N/A  The greatest thing about ELO Hell is that  "Only Supports are supposed to ward" /facepalm   I know a lot of people will jump on the bandwagon on each side one for the "ELO Hell doesn't exist and you belong where you are" and the "Yeah I know right, I'm so not supposed to be in ELO hell I'm like at least 2300 ELO" Let's be realistic There is a Small group of players in ELO Hell that don't belong there and there are some that belong there, we do exist, it is happening to us, and we pray that you don't join us. Hang in there brothers and sisters   In Conclusion I would really appreciate it if the little kids would stay out of this discussion  I don't want to see you're there because you deserve to be in there unless you have a valid arguement to back up that statement  unless there is actually something productive they can add and I would like to hear this community's thoughts on "ELO Hell" as I have explained it.
1	he's going to a game he isn't nearly as passionate about, because riot throws money at their competitive scene   No, he's casting it because GOMtv, whom he is contracted to work for told him to cast it. He seems genuinely interested and excited for the game and is trying to understand it.   >If they didn't, the scene would dry up   Prove it. Millions of people play and enjoy LoL every day, there's gonna be a competitive scene for it, get over yourself.   >they bought everyone pizza and free gifts and LoL players ate it out of their hands.   Yeah, fuck Riot for realising their mistakes and doing what they can to make it less shit for people who spent money to go there.
0	My dad bought me a 1986 Nissan Sentra when I was 17. Pos was in the shop/coworkers garage every other week.   Finally just to decided to blow a couple of radiator seals in another town.   He apologized for buying me that car, and he should have known better. I got a 2002 hyundai accent a week later(a two year old car), manual transmission. He taught me how to drive it.   we were not rich, kinda on the low end of well off.
1	it's not like they got to play because they were missing runes, you had just as good a chance to get in and play with your rune set, they queued at an opportune time, you didn't. My runes didn't end up missing, but i still got to play because i queued at a low traffic time and didn't close my client, yay! and you know what i should be getting from riot? nothing.
1	True. The main question was actually at the end tho and his answer looked alot like "
1	I get this is about champions being compact with their game style and appearance. Maybe I'm a little out of topic, but I would like to mention Zac and his lore-gameplay-appearance incoherency (reading his lore is recommended to get my point). He was made by some mad scientists in mad city to be a massive murder weapon. When he was growing up, it turned out that he likes candy and dancing, he was cute etc. After all, escaped and became the defender of the weak and helpless. Anyway, if you listen to his voice, it's really deep and smart. And he has angry look. Yeah, he might be the good guy, but he looks kinda of like that crazy villain that he was meant to be when created (last jump of the ult - wow).
0	um?  The post itself is already mimicing the Overly Photogenic Inmate (guy) meme which itself was already mimicing another Overly Photogenic Inmate (girl) meme, so I don't see how you can possibly make any point about how girls are more ridiculous than men, or vise-versa.
0	IMO, it's a stereotype spouted by Americans who have had experiences with certain types of Canadians and it sticks with them. My ex was one of these types, obnoxious towards everything American and complained daily about some part of American life that was sub-par compared to Canadian life. Used to tell me that "when we get married, we're moving to Canada." NOPE.   But I, unlike others, have also come into contact with those that are kinder, but the difference is that they don't brag about being Canadian, so everyone assumes they're American (when they're in America). I.E. the ex's family, I would pick them over her any day. Sadly, I couldn't have my cake and eat it, too.
1	You can't put it that simple though, there are an endless amount of factors you need to consider, called game experience and understanding the flow of the game. For example, I was Lucian and had Thresh, and they had Cait Leona. We bullied them out of lane very easily (they were also generally worse), but bc Cait wasn't csing for practically the first 10 min (40 cs vs 70, two kills down), the lane was pushed all day. Their Gragas premade jungle decided to camp us for the next 10 minutes, every time he had ult he would come bot through the lane/over the wall. He killed us over and over again bc I didn't consider that he was going to camp us all day. I also didn't consider that bc our other two lanes were losing naturally, Gragas could camp us easy. I was still ahead in cs, but Cait got back into the game with those assists
0	I still remember this girl from middle school who would try to starve herself at lunch everyday. Except she wouldn't, she would just steal all of my damn food and when I suggested she not do that she said "I don't have any food, I need this more than you." She also got free lunches at school so it's not like she couldn't have walked five feet and gotten her own.
0	Great reply! Now my posts may have come off a little different, too. I actually agree with your post in many ways. My main argument is against pumping people full of meds just because they are uninterested in something. I agree that how you were raised and technology affect your interests and attention span. I also believe that it isn't a bad thing to not enjoy reading Shakespeare or to prefer a movie over a book. In any real or simulated society, interests will always change in the long run. With the invention of the internet, attention spans were bound to change. I'm just arguing that it isn't a bad thing, it's just how life works. Why must we behave the same way as a species for hundreds of years? Why is it wrong to be different?   Hope that makes sense!   PS: you have no idea how refreshing it is to read an intelligent counter-argument on the internet that isn't full of personal attacks and rudeness. Even relies to my post are that way. I applaud you.
1	I agree with you except the mid lane thing. It's gotten pretty stale unless you play someone off the wall like Morde or Ryze. Every mid needs Sorc Shoes, Athene's/Seraph's(almost always Athene's), Void, Deathcap, Zhonya's. This leaves one fun item which is either DFG for assasins, Morellonomicon for the heal meta or a defensive item for almost everyone else. Sure you might look at that and go, but they have like three whole choices to make and what about Hai building whatever he wants on Raka blah blah blah.   The point is no one builds Rylais, WotA, nerfed Lich Bane(except lulu and TF who got played once by CLG), Nashor's Tooth, Hextech Gunbland(not even Jax builds it damn), Twin Shadows (maybe support or TF?) and probably more. So many items just aren't viable anymore.
0	You think that is bad, I was working alone in the mens department and running around like a crazy person helping everyone.  One guy walks up to me and asks if I could help him.  I tell him of course, he walked me over to a shirt and says he needs a medium in it.  I am about to tell him I will check in the back when he walks me over to another shirt, and tells me he will need his size in that as well.  Then walks me over to a hoody and tells me he wants to try that on to.  I ask him then if he looked for his size yet, he did not.  He then looks at me and waits for me to get his size for each item (2/3 of them were the one on top).   I am about to open his fitting room when he says he also needs shorts, so I show him where they are.  He then bends down and points to the one he wants and says he needs a 32, then gets up and points to 2 others and says he need his size in them as well.  I ask him if he could check the other two while I look for the first one, he ignores me saying that and just watches me pull his sizes out.  I then walk him to a fitting room and check up on him a bit later.   He tries to pull the same thing again with me but I do not have the time to act as this mans servant, so I just tell him I will help him in a minute.  He gets flustered and walks up to the cash rap.  I then over hear the cashier ask him if anyone helped him, he says "No, I had to do everything myself".  I immediately walkie over to the cashier and say "Bull shit, I had to pull each one of those sizes as he watched me."
1	He said "you guys", he's generalizing the subreddit, not making it into a single person. There is very obviously a vocal minority here who shit talk anyone who doesn't excel and they also very obviously have effects on the morale of the players. OP isn't being hypocritical whatsoever.
0	Scenario..   It's 5:30 am Saturday morning after a heavy night of drinking and late night snacks. You stumble into the bathroom, still half-cut on the verge of a full blown hangover. Even in the short distance from your bed to the bathroom the urgency has intensified to emergency levels of "holding it in" on both ends. You take a quick glance and see maybe a 1/5 of a roll.. but time has become of the essence, you no longer have the luxury of mathematically determining how devastating this beer, hard-bar and fast-food influenced shit is going to be. 1/5 will have to do. Unfortunately, the cocktail of terror you ingested has other ideas and 1/5 of a roll is gone and you're still left with a raging poop-sticker and no more paper to wipe away at it.
0	Amen.  Not too long ago I went and stayed with a friend and her girlfriend.  One morning my friends gf came with me while I got coffee, and she sees these little brownie bites for a dollar a peice on the front counter of the shop.  She doesn't have a job or any money, and asked me to buy her one. I looked at her like you've got to be kidding, I wouldn't even pay that much for a super overpriced mini brownie for myself, and she looked at me and pouted and fluttered her eyes and said plleeaasseee.  She's a 20 year old  aspiring model.  Granted she is a pretty girl,  but A- I am not her girlfriend and B- i'm straight.  I finally decided that since her girlfriend (my friend) was letting me stay at her place and stuff, I'd buy my friends gf the damn expensive tiny ass brownie as sort of like an extension of gratitude.  Walking back to the apartment she took a bite of it and then complained it wasn't that great and she's had much better.  To which I replied "well if you don't like it, give it to me. I wouldnt mind trying it. "And then she shoved the rest of it in her mouth and smiled.  I was fucking furious.  She made a scene begging me to buy her this over priced desert, she had the nerve to complain to me that it was bad, and then she didn't share the food she didn't like that I paid for. Point is its so evident that she just always expects people will do whatever she wants for her soley based on her looks and its worked for her the last 20 years so why would she stop.  Shes a nice enough girl and in general i dont dislike her, but god damnit that pissed me the fuck off.
0	It sounds like they should have sued for false arrest.   And gain what exactly? Laws are different everywhere, especially in the common law system, but I assume in the US you'd still have to prove a certain form of damage. I don't see you gaining much from this, from my POV that is (someone might know better).   So let's say you gain 10 000 - 20 000$ from the case, you also gain a relentless hatred from your local police force. I've heard horror stories of citizen harrasement done by police and it's a real mess to try to get the perpetrator(s) suspended/fired.   From a legal point of view, for the small gain you might get and the dangers of harassment following your legal battle, you're better off just sucking it up.   So what, you got arrested. If you're not injured or anything, no need to bury yourself.
0	Krispy Kreme tried to move in to New England and compete with Dunkin' Donuts.  Didn't realize people here go to doughnut shops for coffee much more than they go for doughnuts.  Over extended and expanded too fast (I know they're good, but how often can you really eat Krispy Kremes?)  After a couple years they all closed.
0	Ok, so having more partners statistically makes you more likely to get an STD, and these people are aware of it and are more concerned.   I don't see what the problem is with that. They made a decision, the pros outweigh the cons for them.   Some people ride motorcycles even though they are unsafe. Some people drive without seatbelts. Some people smoke, or drink soda, or make a million other decisions that are potentially bad for their health.   It's their decision, and I don't see what's wrong with that.   I honestly missed the 10 somehow in your quote, I didn't mean to gloss over it, my apologies.   Again, it's a decision and it's theirs. People in fringe groups are more likely to be open-minded. And, again, I don't see how this is necessarily a 'bad' thing. Hell, I've done my share of drugs. If I count, I'm at 11 if I include tobacco and alcohol. 12 if  I include caffeine, since that is an addictive substance. I share that with porn stars, however, I also attend a stupidly prestigious college and will eventually have a socially accepted job. So I'm not sure what drug use is indicative of, other than an openness to experimentation. Done in moderation, most things are not especially terrible for your body. None of the drugs I have taken are heroin, or cocaine, or crack, and most I have done once to try.  I just don't see this as a bad thing outside of Western culture's established bias against illegal drugs, which is comprable its established bias against legal porn.   Also, I don't believe anyone was injecting alcohol into their veins, or they would probably have been dead and unable to respond to the study.
0	I have a friend who get insanely pissed off when she sees men out at the bar with wedding rings on. I mean, like irrationally pissed. She has no vested interest in their relationship status. I distinctly remember being at a bar on a Friday evening, around happy hour time, with her. A few guys came in, obviously out for happy hour after work. They sat down at the bar together, got a few beers and just shot the shit. Typical guy stuff, I'd assume. She saw them and started freaking out about how she thought it was disgusting when men went out in groups the cheat on their wives. They weren't talking to any women. They weren't looking at any women. They were a group of men having a few beers together. She would not calm down. I thought about going up to them and asking them to explain to her that they were not cheating on their wives. They were just out having beers. But, I didn't want to give any kind of validity to her insanity.
0	I recently quit my high paying job (70k per year) because it was unsatisfying.  The last two weeks have been awesome, and I'm looking forward to the next year.  I'll be doing some odd jobs for the summer (remodeling a kitchen, a few odd finish carpentry jobs for a restaurant) then looking for a semi-full time construction management job next fall.  I was sick of working behind a desk and seeing no positive results from my work.  Save up some money and quit.  Life is too short.   edit: enough of a response to add a bit here. I'm finishing up a master's degree (final touches on my thesis right now) which was part of my impetus to quit, so I could focus on that.  I've made some good investments in the past, buying a short-sale home in 2008 that I can now rent out for extra income.  I don't have a ton of money, but I don't need a lot since my mortgage is fairly low and I don't spend a ton of money (bud, beer, food and one big vacation per year.)  I am married and a child is on the way.  At 32, I've saved some money every year so far, so I have enough saved up that I can be out of work for a while without being nervous.  And I have a varied enough skill set (carpentry, project management, energy efficiency, sustainable design) that I've never had a lot of trouble finding work.  I'm still not 100% sure what I want to do next, but I was sure that I didn't want to do what I had been doing anymore.  My advice isn't to quit your job.  But if you are unhappy with your job, start looking for other options.  And, if you can cut your expenses and save up some money, that will help.  And finding alternate sources of income through investments will make any possible down time much easier.
1	Not participating in team chat during champ select. Okay, so you're second pick and I'm #5. If you want top, just say so. Don't be a dick and insta lock whatever you want. Also be respectful to you possibly forcing someone in to a role they're really bad at. I mean we were all just chatting about roles for at least 30 seconds during bans.   I've had too many games where I asked for top, no response. Excellent, it's mine. Wait.. This guy just locked Darius. Jungle? But #4 asked for jungle. So... what's happening? We ask what role.   Pick#2> top   Me> But I called top   Pick#2> First pick, you can adc   Well, thanks you your inability to chat during all this, I'm now forced in to my possibly second to worst role, only behind AP mids. I can almost promise you we'll lose botunless our support is Xpecial caliber.
1	as a life long twitch fan, i only watch lcs on youtube live.   the 'constant buffer' means you can pre-load thirty seconds behind live and experience absolutely no lag at 720p.   furthermore because it's one long video, there's an instant VoD that lets you rewind if you miss what just happened. also you can link the streams to friends on skype and accurately sync it up.   or you can link a specific time stamp of the live video to a friend if they're just tuning in.   these days, despite having 100mb/s internet and being able to actually stream  to  twitch.tv at 1080p, i lag even at 240p while watching streams -- even streams i'm paying $7 a month to subscribe to.   i think that the article is sort of biased -- i got banned for a DMCA violation, and then got unbanned within 24 hours. tech support was very amicable (much better than this subreddit's moderators who have banned more than a dozen of my accounts and deleted probably fifty of my comments -- and this subreddit is a far more important advertising/awareness/interaction tool than twitch), better than the copy/pasted responses you get from riot...
0	Because I try to make my
1	This is exactly the same reason why I stopped playing ranked, I was ~1700 season 1 and 2 then when they introduced this new system I was placed in Bronze 1 (My interest in the game did wane during my placements), immediately got trolls in every match. Stopped playing and let myself decay to B3 (get 0 lp, play a match and lose. Repeated this twice) until I just gave up.
1	It's a struggle my friend, and I feel your pain and your pleasure!   I got my start through my long time friend Hanjaro when he asked me to manage No Dice Gaming. A year later now I co-own and also manage Zenith Esports and I can tell you honestly: There are upswings and downswings, but if you keep at it; if you push through the low times; in the end you can grab that brass ring.   Many people quit when it gets hard, both in the players and in their supporting staff.  In the beginning everyone is excited for a fresh opportunity, but in time that sparkle fades. It leaves us in an environment full of trials and doubts. Teams can lose motivation. They can regress. They can even turn on each other.... That's  where the support staff (Coaches and managers) have to step up.   The reality of it is we all hit a wall at some point in time in our journeys. It's big and intimidating, but when we address that wall: Successful people will lace up their boots and march forward, They punch through it and  continue to pursue the dream...  Failures will do a U-turn at the first sign of a pothole in the road.   Sometimes your brain will tell you it's time to quit, but you'll know in your heart that the right move is to continue. Eventually, you will find the light at the end of the tunnel..... --  SoonTM    =)
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	When I was still in school, I remember I lent several people my video games. For instance, when I was in elementary school my "best friend" borrowed my copy of The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past that also came with The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords.   When I went to high school, I remember this guy (I suspected his parents neglected him or he was poor because his clothes looked worn out and he had some serious B.O.) borrowed my copy of Kingdom Hearts 2. I asked him about my Kingdom Hearts 2 game several times and every time he said he was going to bring it but he never did.   So now I know to only let people that I absolutely trust borrow my stuff and if I don't trust them, that's their problem.
0	Speaking from personal experience, black bears are only extremely dangerous if you come across a mother and its cubs. In most other cases, you simply have a curious bear looking for something to eat.   Black bears (that aren't taking care of cubs) are quite cowardly. It's easy to scare them off with loud noises and aggressive behaviour. You can even chase THEM! (Mind you that I recommend a group of 3 or more to safely chase them away) Don't let them get up in your shit and show that bear who's boss!   A grizzly on the other hand; either hope this isn't your last hour or at least try running downhill.   Source: Working summers at a wilderness camp where we chase away black bears often. Over 30 incidents one year.
0	I either replied to the wrong comment, or misread your comment.   either way it's almost 3:30 AM here on the east cost in the USA, and as such, I excuse myself from committing either error (meaning it's late, I'm sleepy, and probably shouldn't be commenting).
1	1) Top lane is way too long and easy to gank. You're guarenteed dead if one of them has exhaust and you're in the middle of the lane. You have to zone yourself to avoid dying at level 1/2 to their jungler, meaning the other laner will just kill you later   2) Altars are too important early: Lose a level 1 fight to the usual mishmash of bruisers and they have 150g, farming advantage and trading advantage then on. Trying to retake against any decent team will lead to the next point:   3) Going into the other team's jungle has no risk whatsoever attached to it. Its easy for a team to collapse in on the other's jungler/solo alter capper. There is no way to help the jungler in distress because if top and bot come in they're effectively split in two and picked off easily by the group of 3. Almost always leads to free altar and counterjungling of every camp. If the invade is somehow repelled, its easy to run over the speed shrine and get away scot free
1	Coming from a Rengar player   (I may not be the best, but I've been carrying consistently with him for  the past week in Gold.)   My Rengar credibility :     This is also why Rengars laning phase is now really bad, Rengar can't win any engagements. He has to try and spam his heal and hope to farm it out. But the base damage on his W has been reduced meaning he can't even trade effectively.      This right here shows that you have little to no understanding of how to actually play Rengar. Rengar should be maxing E in most lanes and you shouldn't be engaging in the first place, with Rengar's kit you should abuse the brush to constantly auto your lane opponent and using your E to prevent them from chasing/retaliating as your run back into your brush. To win in lane you should be chipping at their health with constant harass using your E and passive. In fact, the nerf they put on Rengar's Q by changing the ferocity damage ratio from 2.5 to 2.0 isn't a big deal in lane either since he is still capable of getting first blood immediately upon pinging level 2 if you harassed well enough to kill them with an E and a double Q from the brush with ignite. In my opinion, Rengar's passive is one of the strongest parts of his kit since it allows him to easily harass his lane opponent and prevent them from farming once you have even the slightest advantage since your poke and harass is so strong.   I don't think Rengar's Q needs a buff at all, in my opinion Rengar is completely fine as he is in his current state. I've been consistently performing fine with Rengar over the past week and am capable of winning a majority of the his top lane match-ups. Rengar is champion that requires a lot of knowledge of your kit and your enemy's kit, Rengar's current kit along with his passive makes him a huge threat and nuisance in lane by simply using the bush to your advantage or roaming. Rengar as an assassin is capable of killing an enemy carry by just popping ult and jumping in as long as they have no vision, you should be able to get the kill off as long as you have sufficient damage and honestly all you need is a BT in terms of damage if all you want to do is kill their carry. But, I do have to say that Rengar relies heavily on snowballing in order to carry out a role as an assassin since damage is expensive. Tank Rengar does very little damage when built as a tank and isn't a very effective one at that but tank Rengar should just be using his E in terms of full ferocity which in most cases should lead to a dead carry if you're capable of getting your snare off.
0	I think a god is necessary for people with an external locus of control. They need to feel they answer for their actions. For people who take responsibility for their actions atheism is fine, but we are few and far between.
1	First of all, I'm sorry for my washy English, it's not my mother's tongue.   The reason why Alistar, Blitz and Leona aren't and shouldn't be labeled as supports is for the simple fact that they don't contribute with any real support-power.   Now what I mean by that is not that they shouldn't be played as support, by all means, that's where they fit in the meta, but they don't contribute with any real supporting power, except for alistar wich i DO think could be labeled as support. Let's take Blitzcrank as an example, his Q is the infamous hook, it's a great support(by means of meta) ability, but doesn't give any buffs to your allies, your W, E and R works by the same principles, they do not affect allies.   If you look at other support, they all have something to contribute to ones allies with, for example; Nunu's W gives a buff to allies, thresh lantern gives an ally a shield (and obviusly great survivability), and I'd say Soraka speaks for herself.   Riot can't adjust the definition of a champion or role simply because the meta is what it is.   I do however agree with what many of earlier comments have said, to be able to make your own, personalised character tabs.
1	Because it's his birthday... xD   Dyrus might not be the best of the best of the best, but he is such a likeable person, and we love cheering for him. And yeah, there is a huge difference in how he play on his stream and how he play on competitive events :-)   Btw.. Still waiting for the book "How to get carried 1o1 by Dr. Dyrus" :D   Dyrus and Snoopeh would be my favourite to watch at own3d.tv   PS: Why is it some Americans think it's night everywhere at the same time? I know for a fact Dyrus is very popular amongst my Danish friends, and often he streams at reasonable hours here.
0	Moved out of state to join her while she studied for her masters under assurances that the financial difficulties were of no importance. Wrecked new car, didn't have gap insurance (stupid) lost job in same week. Very next week she asked for a break, ending our 7 year relationship.
1	I wish people would understand that peke and rekkles aren't mvp , and its cyanide and yellowstar amazing map control in early mid game that allowed  rekklkes and peke to get picks.
1	It sounds like at that level you need to disregard the meta. Luckily I had regained enough ELO before patch to skip Bronze, so I'm not entirely sure what it's like down there, but from your description of your/enemy's team picks, don't bother with it. Just pick your favorite champion to play every game and have fun.   There are multiple accounts in the higher elos where that person only plays 1 champion, rarely is it a champion that people consider "broken or OP", IE Zekent's SpamHappy account where he only played Poppy, couple of Shaco (even though at certain points he was probably considered OP/broken) only players that I've seen up there too.   I think that's one of the things that people forget when they watch streams of higher skilled players. They are in Diamond/Challenger series and so is everyone else in the game. They can count on their team to know/understand what they're doing in every aspect of the game. The lower tiers are NOT full of these types of players. Granted every once in a while you'll get a team handed to you from Baby Jesus himself... but it's such a rare occasion you should probably play the lottery afterwards.   When I first, seriously (wanted to be better, watched all the tournaments, etc etc), got into LoL, I watched a stream where the guy constantly ELO boosted accounts for people. He had a semi-decent champion roster (relied heavily on 3 champs, could play somewhere between 10~20 without too many mistakes) he was comfortable with and would just go face roll with champs like Xin/Morde mid (this was wayyyy before S3 bruiser mid meta (Xin)), would basically end up 1 v 5ing the enemy team and winning because he was able to get that far ahead off of his lane, and by that point it was basically impossible for his team to lose. Every once in a while he'd be forced to play a lane other than mid, but he didn't care about what the top skilled players were picking as top/mid/bot/jungle, he played what HE was OP/broken on in whichever lane he was given.   When his chat asked him how he ELO boosted these accounts so successfully his answer was always "Play champs that these ELOs don't understand how to play against." Granted you would have to have the experience in all of the tiers to know what they are clueless about and with twitch.tv becoming so much more popular (back when I watched this guy, the highest viewership on popular streams was normally ~5k), that advice is becoming less and less relevant as most people are actually learning a good bit about how to play LoL, but sometimes this advice even works in the higher skilled tiers/competitive play (until today/yesterday (depending on time zone), AP Tryndamere was considered nearly unstoppable, even in the diamond/challenger tier, but CLG had his number).   I definitely agree with funkypanda89 though, you have to be selfish at your level, hell even in Silver I've noticed sometimes I just can't rationally justify going to help my ADC (personally main support), because he randomly decided to all in while their jungler is waiting in river brush (that's warded). Sometimes you just have to let people die and do what you can afterwards (hell, personally I let those guys do whatever they want and just eat the loss... I prefer not to offer the helpless tips or potentially carry them to a new tier, as I'd rather them just fall to where they belong and I have enough confidence in my gameplay that I won't fall nearly as far as they will).
1	CC shuts down squishy melee champions way more than any other champion. Even with his shield, unless he builds tank items, he will still be squishy.   There's a reason we don't see Master Yi, Fiora and the likes in competitive play even though their damage is really high.   Yasuo's saving grace is his high skill ceiling and team comp dependency - if any melee carry succeeds in LCS, it should be Yasuo.   Lastly, the argument "CC is a counter to everyone" is just bullshit in general. Tons of champions are less affected by CC than others for a multitude of reasons. E.g. Malphite only needs to initiate with Ult + E and he will already have a significant teamfight contribution, even if you CC him afterwards. Also he's unlikely to die within a single CC given his build paths make him very tanky and still provide utility and damage. Range APs in general aren't very susceptible to CC nowadays because they can deal lots of damage from a safe (= out of CC range) distance (Ziggs, Syndra, Gragas, Orianna to name a few popular ones). Warwick doesn't give a lot of shits about CC after his ultimate because all he really needs to do in a teamfight is zone people out of the fight and keep himself up with Q - as long as his E is active this also works when he gets CCed every now and then. I've intentionally not even included champions with CC reduction/CC immunity here because those are obvious.
1	learn the game, know the roles, champions(they call it heroes in dota i think) and most importantly, have fun! You can get a group of friends to queue up in bot or normal games to get used to the heroes.   Once you learn how the game works like basic mechanics and stuff, then you would get to learn the skills of the champions(This is very important!)   If you learn how skills work on champions, you can easily catch onto what the pros are doing. Each week league has free champions(10 maybe?) that you can try out and play for fun.   As about the qualifiers, teams in each region has different qualifiers. North America and Europe has LCS (League Championship Series) and the top 6 teams of the season get placed in playoffs and the top 3 in playoffs get a spot in worlds. For as China its called LPL and Korea is OGN and masters and more as i dont know what the league of legends scene is like over there.
0	I knew this would come up, but as has been stated this was a general statement.  The law simply references autistic persons.  HFAs who are not raised in an ideal home might very well not know how to respond to that: they may not have been socially trained for it.  Just as the law must protect and punish equally, so too must it not become too specific on the matters it discusses.  As has been decided in this country we would rather be more heavyhanded on a few than too lighthanded on them all.  If we become too bogged down on what is helplessly handicapped then we'll likely see a rise in people claiming that some things that aren't handicaps are, and then our whole equality thing breaks down again.
1	ITT  People that don't understand RIOT's profit center and the corporate structure of traditional sports leagues.5   The LoL players don't have as much POWER as the athletes in the players union, so they wouldn't be able to negotiate for nearly as much.  The reason a players union works is because without the players there is no league/profits for the teams.  For example:   If every NBA  player quit, they'd have to find shitty replacements or shutdown the league.  Millions would be lost.   If every LCS player quit- whatever, RIOT will still make a shitload of money off of selling RP, their main profit center.   NBA/MLB/NFL etc. players have WAY more commercial value, and therefor bargaining power in a players union.  League players can start a players union, but they won't be able to negotiate shit.  Negotiating is about leverage, and the LoL players have none.  If every midlaner in LCS quit, RIOT's profits wouldn't budge.  If peyton manning and every other QB quit?  Good luck getting the same type of broadcasting $$ that year.   REGI, GEORGE , AND THE OTHER NA OWNERS SHOULD START THEIR OWN, PRIVATE, LEAGUE.   (I hate how in this country people are hellbent on making owners of companies change they way they do things (telling riot to change, get an appeals process etc.) instead of strapping on their bootstraps and doing it better themselves.)
0	The 70-80 hours of work is between a normal 40 hour job and additional work from home I do to make ends meet.   The ends I'm making meet include paying off (what was originally over) 100k in student loans, keeping a house (a small 2 bedroom house) and paying medical bills (my daughter's spent some time in the hospital in the first 17 months of her life that has racked up nearly 15k in debt that the insurance wouldn't pay).   Also, despite the 40 hour a week job being a "good" job, there's no growth.  I've all but topped out at the company so the second job I'm freelancing with is giving me opportunity to get out from under the stress I'm currently dealing with.
1	I think he was talking about NA specifically when he said that no other ADC has outperformed him   He didn't wrote that tho, so i'm just going by facts and no assumptions.   > I think its worth giving doublelift some credit since he generally doesn't make excuses for his own poor play. He calls himself or his plays trash just as often as he claims to be the best ADC.   almost every time that happens he admits he wasn't being serious tho, which can explain my skepticism on this post.   What baffles me is the fact the post comment claimed that DL was being  "an honourable,   humble   and honestly hard working guy" . Which is no doubt looking at DL with rose-colored glasses.   DL post can be
0	I question the validity of your claim. Prom is a season that occurs over a two month span due to all the different schools that hold their proms different weekends. It would be difficult to pinpoint the week before and the week after. Although you could certainly notice trends; ie earlier in prom season for condoms, toward the end for pregnancy tests. Just a thought.
1	Hey man, just thought I'd drop by to say don't let them get to you. Concentrate on your own effort and performance in the game. I play in bronze at the moment in the Oceania server, a lot of the players currently know that there is no tribunal in place yet so they won't get punished until it starts up causing lots of troll picks and toxic players.   The best thing you can do is not negotiate with these terrorists and just play to the best of your ability, I have carried many games where I have had trolls and people with negative attitudes. Just push past it and be the better man.
0	If he's talking about Robin Williams,(which undoubtedly OP is...) people "Idolize" him because he was a fantastic man who was battling depression, which most people didn't even know about ( Nobody I know at the least.) and know that he's gone, people miss him.
1	I'm not really certain on this, but as far as I remember performing another action during a channel cancels the channel anyway before proceeding to that action. So for your example, surely your mouse is hovered over the ADC on your screen and you press E once he moves out of your channel ranged, and doing so would not only cancel the channel but perform the E. Not too sure though. Unnecessary
0	It's not just the physical chasing of the child. The more taxing part, honestly, is mental. At the end of the day you're mentally drained. You've had to stimulate a small human being with needs that change on a dime and aren't always expressed well (currently have an 11 month old, crying/whining is all he can do when he's displeased about any number of things).   Granted, health is important to me and I dedicated one nap a day to in-home exercise until I reached my pre-pregnancy weight. Now that he sleeps less, I do it as I can manage.
1	I kinda don't like the stance riot took with 3 of the utility active items being limited by being gold gen items.  Shurelya's (i don't know what new one is called), FQC, and FoTM all have very strong actives for a support player, but they have to pick only one, and often it's decided by how much gold you can get early, rather than by the active later.   I really like what dota does with active items.  Supports have tons of choices in what they can get.  To give a few examples there is:   -Force Staff:  Which allows you to push any champion a short distance.  You can use this to engage by boosting someone forward into range.  You can use it to save someone by boosting them away from enemies, and you can use it to catch an enemy off guard and boost them into your team if they position poorly.   Eul's Scepter of Divinity: This item is like zhonyas, except that it can also be cast on enemy champions.  So if you need to remove yourself from battle for 3 seconds you cast it on yourself.  If you want to take the enemy out for a bit you can cast it on the enemy.  The item is much cheaper than deathcap so supports can afford it and it can be used to create space in a teamfight to strategically kite or take out the other team.   Ghost Scepter:  This item makes the user immune to physical damage for a couple of seconds, basically you can use it as a support when the carry dives on you and you want to prevent them from damaging you.   Urn of Shadows: Each time champ dies near the holder, they gain a charge which can be used to cast a DoT on the enemy or a HoT on an ally.   All of this items are mid tier items in terms of cost and are feasible for a support to purchase in a game.  There are also some more expensive items that have pretty useful actives too   Guinsoo's scythe of Vice:  Has lulu's polymorph as an active   Abyssal Blade: active is a short range 2 second stun.   Necronomicon:  Summons units (like tibbers) that can be used to help push and do damage
1	This probbaly goes agaisnt what most people are saying but i havent had much succes with him since the buff. I played him 3 time(which is a sample too small to says if hes viable) and i had very little succes with him   I had a great ganks, decent clear time and insane buff control but it just wasnt enought. In the 3 games, I probbaly had something like 60% of their wraith and we went in their jungle and stole almost every single buff but i still lost 2 of them.   One game went on to long and it reached the point where i did nothing(other than a sweet Baron steal) I did no damage, they had to many ways to interupt my ult(even with banshes) and my bloodboil wasnt enought to warrant a double support.   The other game, 3 of us got caught by the tele+global combo they had and the game reverse-snowballed afer that attempt at golem   The problem is that nunu is still very high risk/low reward. You need succefully to invade to stay even with the other jungler and if you fail you can setyouserlf behind. counterjungling while behind is incredibly hard to do so you lose your main trick. Nunu is a very team reliant jungler because even if you steal every buff your mid can still lose. You cannot directly impact in the game and you can only hope you lane will do well when you give them the advantage. For that reason, i doupt he is viable in soloQ but i can see him behing a monster in competitive play   Champion like shyvana, udyr, mundo and skarner still clear way to fast and there are very little room to steal their stuff  because they glide throught the jungle dispensing death. The only thing you can actually counterjungle is their buff and after stealing the first set they jsut grouped at the buff and denied our attempt   Other champion like Nautilus, maokai, malphite, amumu generaly get most of their gold with the gp5 ad gank.  The counterjungling wont cripple them that badly and sthey still do very well with little items. Even if they only have shurelia, Hog, boots and aegis/frozen heart at the 50min mark they still have more engadge power and you cc than you do. They will win in teamfight because their ability set is better than yours   Against jungler that are farm depending(but not ultra fast)  nunu is a beast . With the help of you mid you can do insane stuff and completely denie thier jungler.  i was a against a nocturne the game i won and he couldnt do anything   I feel like Nunu is very close to viability but i needs a small boost to his consume(so it has a use lategame). Maybe a debuff that amplify damage of soemthing...
1	if in a draft situation: (such as ranked) try to pick your adc later/last and if you see olaf, pick a champion with a solid escape/gap closer (Tristana, cait, ezreal, vayne) and consider playing a champ with hard peel (such as alistar with his knockback) while you don't get a stun you can still make him back off for awhile. then of course their is flash.   In a blind pick situation: Always prepare for olaf in some capacity. Make sure your adc isn't being forced into the role because nobody else likes it (this can be hard/impossible sometimes unfortunately) and make sure you are playing a support who has some form of hard peel (i'm not sure if olaf's ulti prevents him from being knocked up or not as i don't play him, so janna might work) and pack exhaust, because that 30% damage reduction should be applied to his true damage (unless it's bugged).   Ultimately, the best way to protect your adc is to make sure that you and your adc play smart in teamfights/lane, and if olaf is top, hope he loses lane.   If all else fails, flash   Counter play: (depending on olaf's place on the team, results may vary) a big problem with the adc diving olaf is it leaves the enemy team without a top lane tank (or jungle tank) to protect their adc (he's to busy diving yours), forcing their support/jungler/top laner to build tanky (or possible their mid). meaning their only form of big damage outside olaf is their adc/mid/top lane. If you have a bursty mid or jungler on your team you may be able to snipe their adc/mid and stop a lot of their damage in teamfights.
1	Wow Phreak, if I ever get to NA, I will buy you a HAT! Respect for the time you've put in this!
0	I think it's funny how you've been a redditor for 19 days and POSTS BABY TALK has been a redditor for 20 days. I have a hard time believing you created your account after a day of POSTS BABY TALK. You and your POSTS BABY TALK account are not funny at all.
1	I fuuuuuckkking hate when people post
1	It's not directly insulting, nor am I being particularly 'negative'. It's the same as when some one gets incredibly peeved off with some thing -- you don't join in, you try and defuse the situation. It works in an inverse manner as well. You ever figured some one was over-appreciated?   Beiber? Reginald? Hitler? <-- Yes, it's not supposed to be amazingly on point.   ""No. These people have to watch REAL pro plays to understand why this one wasn't special""   I can see why what I say could come off like that; but no. In actuality, I dislike how revered pro players are simply because they are 'pro'. It doesn't mean they're amazing at the game, or have an understanding better than your own; it just means that they do it for a living, and that if any thing, they  should  be almost strictly better at the game than you.   But there are plenty of pro players with different attitudes during different situations -- can you say they're  all  the best attitudes you can have?  Surely not. .   It is a good indication that the player is pretty good with his/her mechanics and that they have good potential for, say, climbing their ranked ladder (unless they are fairly high up where situations like that happen much more rarely)... but it's nothing to be thrusting random objects with.   And the anger is clear -- although with you I'd say I was only responding in-kind (that said, I shouldn't resort to name-calling either in anger or retaliation, so I'm going to rescind it after this post), but besides you, it's simply that people are exaggerating/mis-directing what I'm saying to mean that I'm just being a prat, and not understanding that, quite simply, the amount of glorification that people are bringing towards the player is superfluous.   Initially, I wasn't being aggressive -- but people just think it's good etiquette to make a snarky comment, down-vote and leave like a pigeon strutting across a chess board. Any actual responses have just been much like yours -- that I'm a dick and I shouldn't try to bring other people down over some thing that is, yes,  absolutely  a good thing. I'm not trying to say "Oh this shouldn't be on Reddit" and the like. I think every body likes to see stuff like this occur every now and then.   Heck, I love watching [Protatomonster's videos.](   But  would I try and say any, many or most of these players should be in high-level play or are amazing? Besides one player who got onto the Solo-Play Series at least 3 times, it's very questionable and by no means should I assume that every thing is anticipated and planned for. I assume you play LoL; surely you've had moments where you and your team synergise perfectly without needing to communicate, and you get a clean-sweep teamfight or some thing ?   Does that mean you're a good player? You could be terrible. I'm not saying you are... but it's not like you can define yourself by one play, a pentakill or stealing an objective.   For example, I backdoored as Ziggs in a 55 minute long game that won us the game after my team had trusted me to leave our base and let them enter a 4v5 scenario. I won us the game -- I was a big part of it, at least. Lich Bane let me have the most damage potential against their open inhibitors and Nexus, and my team operated solely to defend our (vulnerable) Nexus in a disadvantaged position. It was a great play in the sense of good decision-making, but by no means was it like I should be in Diamond or I thought very well. (I say Diamond because I'm currently Plat)   Ramble ramble. I like the play and I  love  the champions that the 2v5 was done with. Hell no to the clip being bad, but I think the judgement that a lot of people here are making is bad, purely because it's not accurate.
1	I doubt this or anything like this will ever happen   issues:     people with too much IP will just buy all this crap then in a year demand more stuff     for every one person who thinks this is awesome, 100 will think its a slap in the face. riot will basically be introducing a skin that the average player (and especially new players) will never be able to obtain. side effect: subsection of people will start doing weird stuff just to farm IP for this.     currently, skins and boosts are purchased strictly with RP. this would basically break riot's entire business model of IP=gameplay related stuff, RP=fluff and non-gameplay related stuff.       solutions:     something extremely arbitrary like a summoner icon that costs enough IP to make it a sink but not enough that it will weird people out.. like 15k IP or something (and account must be X years old)     something out of game that is also extremely arbitrary like a special forum title or some pointless privelege       basically, 1) it can't be TOO expensive, maybe 10-20k IP at the most 2) it can't be something that a normal player even wants or thinks they need   therefore I'd say that this is not an easy problem for riot without potentially screwing things up. my best suggestion if you have tons of IP? be glad you can buy brand new champs every single time they come out and don't hold your breath for a solution on this.
1	I played on 8 different accounts on both euw and eun, from my own experience i can tell, that your selection at the very beginning when you just logged into a new lvl 1 account has huge impact on the kind people you are matched with. I played on 3 accounts where i selected beginner and i was matched with some smurfs but mostly real beginners. But when i selected MOBA veteran or w/e the "highest" selection is called, i was matched almost exclusively with and against smurfs. Now at lvl 21, i'd guess that 9/10 players in a game are smurfs, but i have no idea if normal elo etc. already kicks in below lvl 30 (got a fairly high winrate).
1	i dont hate you anymore umashi. I use to think that you were of the many bandwagoners who would ride the community FOTM, bad team = bad ind. player, and the "Hate rude guy because I'm a pussy guys" bandwagons... but I was wrong.   Where you probably went wrong in my book was your "Movement Meta" blog post, and since that post, I've irrationally hated you. Now I know, being a no longer blinded-by-hate fellow theorycrafter that: WE ALL MAKE MISTAKES (i mean, I've been calling Wukong op for a while [although I've never even played against one. at least this means I'm not on the "Getcrushedopopopop" bandwagon.) Oh, and all your guides trololol
0	It has to do with culture. I don't know the people in Kentucky who lost a husband and a father, but I've heard about and have seen and experienced an actor. It's easier to say "look at what s/he could've done" when they are on screen but it is difficult to judge someone's worth when I've never met or even seen the person.
0	Story time!   Disclaimer: I'm as white as they come.   When I was little I loved rice and it was all I ever ate. So much that my parents used to joke that I was chinese. So this one time, in kindergarten class, we were learning about countries and nationalities and the teacher asked me what country was I born in, to which I replied "China!". The teacher was doubtful so at the end of the day she asked my parents about it. When my mom explained to me that I wasn't in fact born in China I cried for hours.
0	If you played with Legos a child, the movie really gives you a lot to appreciate. A lot of the jokes were genuinely funny, ofcorse a long nostalgia ride, and the writers clearly grew up with legos.   Thematically the story is about what Legos have become over the past 20 years(over marketed and less creative), and stressed importance of chucking the 'instructions' and playing with Legos with imagination.   A lot of love went into making this, and it shows. but consider it  is  a children's movie and can only be so intense.
1	ADC since early S2.  Why?   Well, I came out of conclusion it will make me better overall, since I'd have to pay way more attention to my CS, position, targetting, map awareness more than I'd being a tanky top that just manmodes in or a midlaner that blows his combo and his job is mainly done.   I also realized that kiting is the most rewarding thing for me in the game and I loved how much hope does it give the enemies, but man - they joy when I manage to kite 2 people and kill them is priceless.   I started by playing Ashe and felt in love with her ultimate, which then became a very strong side of mine. Moved to Graves since he was a God in S2 and he came out 19th October, which is my birthday. I kept on learning new ADCs and finally realized that was the role I wanted to main and none other. I still have 2-3 comfort picks for other lanes, but when I play ADC now, it just gives me that feeling I can carry extremely hard, even on high ELO.
1	Wow. 3 years and almost 4 months. I wish there was a way I could track the original DotA as well xD I estimate about 5 years there before swapping over to LoL.
0	I work overtime because I have to, not because I want to. We get assigned too much work. No overtime would mean not hitting deadlines.  Not hitting deadlines would mean losing my job. Lucky for me, I love my job and the overtime doesn't bother me much.
0	The Constitution applies only to government actions.   Individuals are free to treat you however they want, for whatever reasons they want, as long as it doesn't violate your rights.   If everyone in your town decided to get together and shame someone for being a ginger, or some other equally arbitrary and ridiculous reason, they would be well within their rights. Depending on the state laws, they could refuse this ginger service, refuse to rent to them, to do business with them. It is all within the town's rights, and none of it violates the gingers rights (all depending on the specifics of state and local laws) - but that does not make it  right .   In the same way, people are free to treat accused and acquitted individuals how they please, as long as they aren't violating the acquitted's rights. As long as public condemnation doesn't violate someone's rights, it's perfectly legal - that doesn't make it right, but it's not against the law.
1	When I said that you can learn from watching better players, I did not mean that you learn better execution, but that you learn good play and good tactics from an observer standpoint. You learn the thought process and mental side of the game, independent from the execution.   Your second paragraph however I think frames what you are trying to say better. I think I would agree with your argument that low level players cannot learn, to an extent, from much better players, because they do not grasp the thought process behind the actions.   Going with that then, for a shoutcaster to know "enough" about a game in order to be able to analyze it at a professional level, they do not need to be at a professional level themselves.  They simply need to be good  enough  so that they can grasp the motives behind the decisions of the better players.   Here there is an issue, because judging whether someone's skill level is high enough to be able to grasp the decision making of their betters can be subjective. I cannot think of an objective manner of setting such a demarcation, without it being to some extent arbitrary.   We could say oh, you have to be Diamond 1 to be able to understand professional play, or Platinum 4, or Gold 3. But in the end it's difficult, in this sense, to be certain.   So if we can't make a judgement based on the person, we must then judge their actions.  If a shoutcaster makes good analysis, in the eyes of the professionals and those definitely qualified to make such judgments, then they are good enough. I'm confidant that Riot is a qualified judge of quality in this regard, and though opinions may differ, I'm going to side with whoever they think is qualified.   Cause lord knows I'm not.
0	As a teacher I think this is great advice. Not necessarily about vaccines (I am no where near qualified to give medical advice) but just in general. You may know your child but I know effective ways to teach and discipline multiple types of children. When your child gets whatever they want at home and think they can come to school and get treated the same way it causes problems. I have students that scream and cry and throw themselves on the floor when they don't get their way; it works at home but it doesn't work with me. When I tell a parent that they need to make changes it's not a criticism on them; it's me using what I know to help you. I'm not only looking out for your child's well being now, but for their well being further down the road.
1	Send a support ticket.   Laggy server may end up sending information again and again, piling up the decline hits and triggering the ban.
1	Get used to it. I have lost my series like five+ times, the most recent with a Vel support that fed Lucian five kills in lane phase, in a row, like a meatgrinder, and then a 4v5 that we just barely lost despite the disadvantage.   Get good enough and you'll climb despite the stupid. Unfortunately, you can't be, say, Gold 1 material and easily climb through Gold 5-2. You pretty much need to be Mid-plat material if you want to climb on your own merit through gold, and Diamond material to climb through the low levels of plat on your own merit. Otherwise, you're at the mercy of matchmaking. Sure, MAYBE you could hold your own a few tiers higher, but unless you can hard-carry, you'll need to hope for the best.
0	Or lose your luggage.  My friend was Premiere Gold or whatever with united and every time he came to visit they would lose his luggage along the way.  It always got left at the same airport.  Since it was the last flight of the day in for United the answer was always "It may or may not come in on the 11:30pm flight of another carrier.  We have no way of knowing and we're all going home now so just come back to the airport in the middle of the night and hope it's here."
0	Then turn on the radio. All week NPR has had excellent coverage of the bombing and the investigation. They are better sourced than most other US news outlets and don't deal in as much rampant speculation - and if they do speculate they tell you!
1	ACTIVE: Riven unleashes a 2200-speed wave of energy in a cone, dealing physical damage to all enemies hit. Damage is increased by 2.67% for every 1% of an enemy's missing health, capping at 200% bonus damage (300% damage total) against enemies with 75% or more missing health.
0	Back in high school one of my friends who was a junior at the time was dating a girl named Katie. They didn't know eachother much before they started dating, it was just a few mutual friends that ended up to their meeting. So naturally he didn't know all that much about her, especially that she only had 3 fingers on her right hand. She normally wore long sleeves and hoodies to kind of hide it even though most knew about it. My friend however, did not. So he's telling me how things are going, they were getting sort of serious I guess, being all sexual and stuff. We were all unaware that he had no idea of her deformity, we all thought he would have found out from all of the sexual stories he had for us. So naturally we asked how the 3 finger hand jobs were opposed to the normal 5. He looked at us with this confused stare. He had no idea she was missing 2 fingers on her right hand. She somehow kept it from him for about a month and a half. Once we described his situation to him he walked over to her and demanded to see her hand. She hesitated but then pulled up her sleeve, exposing the three fingered hand. My friend avoided her forever after that, and they eventually drifted apart. He gave her a nick name though, "Katie Eighty" (not eighty as in 80, but as in 8 fingers since it rhymed with her name). We all laughed about it. Still do.
1	Same.. logged in today.. was confused I got put into Bronze 1 in the first place seeing as as I've always been a Silver player bordering on Gold previous to this system.. didn't care knew I could easily carry myself back into Silver Tier no problem.   Won 3 Games went up 67 LP was 2nd place on my Division.   Lost 2 Games Dropped a whole Division instantly and now sitting in Bronze 2 baffled... also frustrated the last 2 games I've played I have had teams that felt like I was level 10 playing blind pick.. we're talking 30CS at 30minutes Mid players..   So have lost another 2 games because I just could not carry a mid that dies more then 10 times in the first 10-15mins.   Kind of sitting here now baffled as how I have gone from playing with Gold players to this within 7-9 games..   Edit/
1	That's true too.   For an LCS or higher caliber player, you look for things like his/her champion pool, play style, mental fortitude.   They need a champion pool large enough to where they can't get target banned and effectively negated from the game, like Amazing was when he first played for TSM.   They need to be trained in the play style of professional League of Legends, where Objectives are greater than kills.  The player needs to mesh in with 4 other people, coordinating their movements perfectly to get ahead and stay ahead in every aspect.  They need to minimize their mistakes, and be able to pounce on the mistakes of enemies.   Mental fortitude can only really be trained by being exposed to the LAN tournament environments.  Professional players for the most part all sucked when they first started, and get better by being exposed to that all too different environment repetitively.  Just like how Voyboy was able to spend a split to turn himself into a formidable top of NA LCS level mid laner.   When you look at a top level Challenger solo queue player, they will more then likely have none of the above qualities.   As the author of the article stated, many players reach Challenger almost exclusively playing a single champion.  A lot of "This is how I got high elo!" posts on Reddit and guides online support this thought, because that is usually one of the tips they give at the start of their posts/guides.  They might have a pocket pick they're comfortable with when their main gets banned, but if they get into the LCS, that's what teams with scouts do.  They will ban his main champion every game, just like PowerOfEvil from Unicorns of Love.  You ban his Syndra, and the team has no bullying power in the middle lane.   Play style is another issue as the author mentioned.  Solo queue is about winning your lane, then making sure you smash each team fight that will inevitably happen.  You're not on voice communication with your fellow solo queue players, so it is hard to do risky "follow me!" engages.  As a result, you have a player that makes selfish plays, and you have to spend time breaking that habit out of the player.   Lastly, mental fortitude.  There aren't that many Challenger tournaments, mainly because they don't generate the money that professionals do.  There are some like the Black Monster Cup, because they decided to tend to a niche target.  They know that the Challenger scene is fairly lackluster, and if they are able to get it to pick up, they'll be at the front line to gain potential profit there.  As a result, solo queue players never really have a chance to get exposure to these kind of tournaments, unless they're aiming to be a professional player by playing with a challenger team.   Given all of these tedious facets of training a new challenger solo queue player, most teams will stick with their current professional, or former professional players.   Like your example of Dignitas keeping Kiwikid.  Yes, I wouldn't say he's at the top caliber of all supports currently playing professionally, but he's played through multiple splits of the LCS live at a studio, and in play off games and other tournaments live in front of large audiences.  He knows how most of the players in his team plays, and can attempt to make the plays that fit them.  He has all the qualities a team would want out of a professional support player, just not at the level of players like Mata, Xpecial, or Yellowstar.   It's the same reason CLG is likely keeping Link.  Link chokes, but you can reasonably assume he wouldn't choke as hard as some Challenger solo queue player who went from playing in the comfort of his own bedroom to an audience of a few thousand viewers on Twitch.tv, to an audience of tens of thousands of players there to watch some good League of Legends.   The statement of "There is no talent in NA solo queue" is false.  The true statement no one wants to make is simply, "Yes, there is talent in the NA solo queue, but we do not have the time, money, or resources required to mold this said talent into LCS material."   Simply put, the "escalator" in the current format of professional League of Legends is broken.  The teams that need the new talent don't have the time, possibly the money, and definitely not the resources required.  The ones who need the talent need it because they're not at the top of the ladder, and could possibly face relegation.   So the team has to ask, "Are we willing to roll the dice on the idea that we would turn this nobody into a somebody?  Or do we just stick with <insert name of sub-par professional player here> because that line up kept us from getting relegated."  Most teams in that position will stick with their current player.   And before anyone blurts, "But Gleeb!", TSM was only able to do it because Reginald knew that Bjergsen could carry games even if Gleeb totally blew it, and they wouldn't face relegation.  I'd also assume he knew about the possible Lustboy acquisition, which made it even less pressure.  He brought Gleeb onto the team with the same mentality as HotshotGG playing with this 4 subs during the super week, except Reginald yielded results.
1	After carrying out of terrible elo it'd be great to get more queue dodgers, more afkers, and more bad kids in the games I play....   Low elo players fail to play the game mechanically correct, in terms of just hitting buttons and clicking right, they lack any game theory concepts of how they should be playing and thus play semi-randomly, and lack any sense of timing. Everything that separates a chess match from coin flipping is lacking in their play.   1700 players have shown a grasp of the game and it's concepts and thus can improve on the aspects of their play that lack. Like starcraft a huge determining factor in pro play is based on timing and timing counters, so players at that level can learn from that. A new player can't learn from this because he has no framework of ideas to place it in, and doesn't understand the reasoning behind many of the decisions made.
0	Otherwise, you're going to have to be more creative in your sales pitch.   And then people get offended when you are "more creative", because now you are manipulating them.
0	Fuck yes communication is hard.   Not saying you are wrong about the rest though. Communication is certainly the crux of all this. But I am not sure true love is the right term. It's probably more a matter of experience. They do not know how to handle the situation. Approaching it is embarrassing because we think that asking someone to change something about themselves is a bad thing. It's embarrassing because approaching someone about something like weight brings back all sorts of memories of the kind of grade school jokes that persist about fat people.  People are afraid that bringing it up will insult the other party and they will leave them.   So instead they pen it up inside. Because that's easier. Ineffective. Bad for your health. Bad for the relationship. But at the time avoiding the problem, hoping it fixes itself, WILL ALWAYS BE EASIER.   Eventually that pen will burst, as emotions tend to do, and ultimatums will be raised.   In the end it boils down to experience. Communication is not a skill everyone is born with, or perhaps it is just not nurtured in everyone.
1	Some people are saying it's tilt and I disagree. I've gone on a 2 week losing streak once and i tried to space out my matches so that I made sure I wasn't tilting. Usually this is the trend I see, I go on a winning streak where they're mostly stomps, and then I go on a losing streak that are mostly stomps. There is rarely a middle ground. I believe that's because the matchmaking system pairs you in favorable teams when you're going on those winning streaks, as in you win more because you're matched with players that are better than the ones on the enemy team. After you win about 15 games in a row and climb up two divisions. Instead of matching your team against another team of equal skill, they assume you can carry lower skilled players on your team over their better counterparts on the enemy team. So basically, it assumes you're the sole factor for your winning streak and thus are good enough to carry the weaker players against the stronger players. So it's not tilt, it's more like you're just not good enough to carry those lower tiered players yet, and then eventually you get this dull period where both teams are even for another 25-30 games. That's what I believe at least.
0	But wouldn't you say, dear cunning commenter, that believing in someone is rather the act of believing  that they are trustworthy ? I may come across as jaded, but I find it evident - believing that someone will be trustworthy is equally illusory as believing that unicorns exist.   On the other hand if your point was that "to believe in someone" is to believe that they  exist , then I would raise you this; that you don't really need to try very hard to establish that your best friend exists in our shared reality. It's a safe bet that any man with eyes will confirm his existence. A cold machine will do it dispassionately and without bias. Unicorns or any other being that you choose to believe in do not stand up to such intense (hah!) scrutiny.   At the end of the day, we each choose how much of our reality overlaps with everyone else's. Just don't expect dragons or the hand of god to appear in my reality or the reality of your next-door neighbour.   And I say this all with the utmost respect for you as a human being.
0	Lenin was better than many leaders, not just Stalin. His intentions were pure, whereas many rulers simply want to rule. Yes, there is no denying that there's some serious blood on his hands, but to him it was necessary to preserve the new government. Am I saying his actions were right? Not at all. From my point of view, if one man has to die to achieve the end goal, a new way must be found. Still, he was an incredibly rational and intelligent man, and I would argue that what he was working for was a fine goal. In the end, I guess it was the very rationalism that made him so intelligent that ended up ruining him; he was so set on achieving what he thought was the intellectually correct thing to do that he simply ignored all of the emotional/ethical reasons to solve it in a different manner.
1	I want equal treatment for all regions. If something happens, I want Riot to react to it the same way, however big or small, in every region that it is supporting.   I had a little trail of thought regarding this unequal treatment.  By giving out more rewards and attention to Americans and Koreans, Riot are implying that the time of a US/Korean gamer that is spent not playing LoL is more valuable than the same time of an EUW gamer. All regions were affected with similar downtimes, however only US/Korean customers were seen as valuable enough to receive compensation, meaning that Riot sees Europeans as less valuable or inferior customers. Having said that, I found an interesting definition from thefreedictionary.com that explains this mindset:   > "The belief that race accounts for differences in human character or ability and that a particular race is superior to others."   Seems to fit about right. You know what the corresponding word of this definition is? 'Racism'
1	My first tip to you is, it seems like you give a lot of importance to k/d. Yes, kills are very important, however farming is far more important (especially as an AD carry). Despite what you may think, LoL isn't a game of kills, it's a game of farm. The reason you say that once laning phase is over you start getting crushed, is because as the game progresses your enemies are slowly getting stronger than you by getting farm (this is assuming they're farming better than you). Think about it this way - a kill is worth around 20 cs (in terms of gold and experience). How much time will it take you to get 20 cs? That's 2 full waves of minions, so even if you miss some of them it'll still take you 2 minutes max. Now, you could try and plan a way to kill the enemy AD carry, and hide in the bush and wait for him, but while you do that he has already killed 20 minions and is already at a 400 gold lead. Think about that!   > Perhaps the most damning evidence is that if I face off against another player, 1v1, with equal level and health, I almost certainly get beat.   This was also a huge deal for me when I was a low level, especially since I was playing AD carry (I was only playing Ashe). I just didn't get it, whenever I attack someone I just find myself dead, no matter what. The general rule, for me anyways, is to first determine whether I am attacking (in an attempt to kill) or harassing. If you're harassing, you just have to make sure you can give more damage than you take. If you're trying to kill, only go for it if you're positive you could kill him (or if you can harass him enough to make him b).   Imagine this situation: you are an AD carry with 700 hp left, the enemy AD carry has 400 hp left. Do you go for the kill? 6 months ago I would say: OF COURSE. However, knowing his HP isn't enough. What if he has ignite up? What if the jungler is hiding in the bush? What if you're not so sure of this specific's champ abilities and he might be able to burst you down? Etc etc.   Also, I'm gonna go back to farming here. Another reason you might get destroyed is you're being outfarmed. You think you're going against an AD carry who has the same amount of kills and assists as you, but he's also leading 50 cs. That's 1000 gold, or 2 doran's blades. Keep that in mind.
0	As someone with sensitive skin, you have to be careful with them. About a year ago, the makes of them (Cottonelle?) must've changed the formula. My ass was always itching and felt almost like it was burning. Several tests (including a visit to the proctologist) turned up nothing. Cooling pads didn't help at all. I was pretty much at my wits' end. After about a month or so, I went back to my parents house for the weekend and didn't have any flushable wipes. After a week of trial and error, I found that when I didn't use the wipes, my ass would stop bothering me. The wipes had never bothered me before, so the only thing that I can think of is that the formula of the liquid part was changed.
0	Yeah I have routinely asked for discounts on late fees or upgrades from AT&T and most of the time they grant them without hesitation. A friend once returned from abroad with an $800 bill and they offered to bring it down to $500 without him asking.   I've had similar experiences with Bank of America, I just say something like, "Since I'm a loyal BoA customer of many years, would it be possible to waive that fee for me?"   Most recently I sent a pocket knife via FedEx from airport security in the US to Israel and there was no way to chose an economical shipping option. It ended up being $92 to ship myself a $60 knife I already owned. I called FedEx, expressed my case (that they're a big corporation and I'm just one guy, that the options were limited and misleading) and got a full refund. No problems with the service, just...
1	Ah ya.  It's upsetting they made so many mistakes.  I honestly think that no matter how much practice they make whether in a gaming house or not they will always be human and have good and bad games.  I mean they've had matches where they do well like you mentioned in other tournaments.  But maybe the bigger one was just a bit too much, different weird headsets, more people in the audience.  Just knowing all those people are watching you but you can't hear them due the headsets.  I mean the other thing to is even though they are an old team they still have issues that they haven't been able to fix since the beginning.  Jiji has always been a passive player, so that hurts mid a bit, the synergy between him and hotshot are there a bit like saint and jiji, but definitely not as well yet.  They definitely didn't pull out any innovative strats and went standard which they are not very good at.  Only thing remotely close was the SK game.  CLG needs to work on champion select comps as well.  I mean against Frost they picked Mundo jungle when they kind of had an idea they would probably pick Jax/already did and still picked Mundo.  I mean it's not like Jax was last pick I don't think.  Could have at least stopped his snowball atk speed with a malphie or something.  The other thing is the fact Hotshot is still new to the jungle, I mean it's been awhile since the swap, but the way he played showed his inexperience and that some of his builds may work in solo queue, but they don't work in tourneys.  Like getting a Doran's Shield on Mundo as your first item instead of a heart of gold to get money flowing in and building up his tank items.   Oh well what is done is done in the end.  I just wish CLG made it, but them predictions from past tourneys just didn't think would make it and they didn't.  The teams I believed would win Group A held true and pretty sure the same will happen with B with CLG.EU and Sword making it out.  I mean CLG has already lost a fair amount to Frost and IG so chances of them making it out of the group stage just got slimmer.  Still will support CLG NA though, still like them as team and individual players.
1	I purposely avoid color commentary, especially if I have a talented co-caster. I am a play-by-play caller and that is where I spend the bulk of my effort and focus.   I would also like to mention that I cast to the event itself, so at TSM, things are a lot looser than they would be at IPL, where I would do what I more or less consider my "real" casting. You know, if they wanted me there. TSM tourneys are a different set of aims and a different attitude overall.   That being said, I have cast a number of times with Studio and I feel we fit together pretty well. I enjoy casting with him and hopefully you'll get a chance to see that some time. I don't necessarily aim to analyze more, but two color casters isn't going to help expand eSports to those unfamiliar with it and it can also make the sport itself come off as a bit dry and unexciting if every bit of downtime is filled with straight faced analysis of every detail of the match so far. Of course, that's probably a talk for another post about the nature of casting and all that so I'll just leave it there. I guess the
1	I'm not an Aatrox main, but I feel more tanky base stats would make him better.   Edit: Also including better HP per level. My ideas for better base stats are:   ( WARNING! HUGE WALL OF TEXT HERE. ALSO MY IDEAS, AND EXPERIMENTS! )   Health at level 1: 537.8 >  579.5 (+41.7)   Health per level: +85 >  +90 (+5 per level)   Health at level 18: 1982.8 >  2109.5 (+126.7)   Armor at level 1: 24.384 >  30 (+5.616)   Armor per level: +3.8 >  +3.6 (-0.2 per level)   Armor at level 18: 89 >  91.2 (+2.2)   Magic Resist: Will stay the same   Attack Speed at level 1: 0.651 >  0.671 (+0.02)   Attack Speed Growth per level: 3% >  3.3% (+0.3%)   Attack speed at level 18: 0.983 >  1.05 (+6.7)   Health Regeneration level 1: 6.59 >  5.5 (-1.09)   Health Regenration per level: +0.5 >  +0.7 (+0.2)   Helath Regenration at level 18: 15.1 >  15.3 (+0.2)   The attack speed buff will make his laning phase better, but his passive will cost a bit. I will highlight my ideas and changes to make him a better champion. For every ability i'm thinking:   Passive:  Aatrox's attack speed is increased by  0.5 / 0.6 / 0.7 / 0.8 / 0.9 / 1%  for every 2% in his Blood Well, up to a maximum of  25 / 30 / 35 / 40 / 45 / 50%  bonus attack speed.   Blood Well "ressurection" will stay the same.   Attack speed passive nerf due to base attack speed buff.   Dark Flight:   Range increased from 650 to  700   Physical damage decreased from 70 / 115 / 160 / 205 / 250 (+ 60% bonus AD) to  80/110/140/170/200   (+65% Bonus attack damage)   Increasing the damage early game but falling a bit late game (bonus AD % also increased) and range increased a bit for a better escape/engage. Cooldowns will stay the same.   Blood Thirst:   Heal: Changed from 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 (+ 25% bonus AD) to  15 / 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 (+35% bonus AD)   Increasing bonus AD but cutting base stats   Blood Price:   Health Cost: Changed from 15 / 23.75 / 32.5 / 41.25 / 50 (+ 25% bonus AD) to  20 / 30 / 40 / 50 / 60 (+ 20% bonus AD)   Increasing early costs but cutting 5% of AD so the ability takes less HP if your building some AD.   Blades of Torment:   Range and Health cost remains the same.   Ability Magic damage changed to  Physical damage .   Damage  changed from 75 / 110 / 145 / 180 / 215 to  90 / 120 / 150 / 180 / 210 (+ 60% AP) (+ 50% bonus AD)   Slow:  Changed from 40% at all levels to  35% / 40% / 45% / 50% / 55%   Slow duration:  Changed from 1.75 / 2 / 2.25 / 2.5 / 2.75 to  1 / 1.25 / 1.5 / 1.75 / 2   Alot of changes here, starting from changing his damage from magic damage to physical. Slow now scales per ability level, but at the cost of a lower duration. Damage is better early game, until level 5 with a lower % bonus AD.   Massacre:  Bonus attack range increased from 175 to  200   New: Enemies in the 550 range of the ability will get knocked back for 0.75 seconds (like Zac ult).   Damage and attack speed remain the same.
0	I'm having an awful experience with that.   FIRST, I WORK at a movie theater, and I have worked every single day since the midnight showing. I was supposed to watch it with my girlfriend for our anniversary on friday (I was going to request that day off) but then about 2 weeks ago, she got invited to go on vacation with her cousin. And when she told me about it, she said that I can't go watch it without her because she's excited for it too. So now i have to wait until sunday to watch it, and I've already gotten several major plot points spoiled for me.
1	fraction of the mid champs we have now   Here is a complete list of mid champs released since Brand:     Orianna   Xerath   Fizz   Ahri   Viktor   Ziggs  (forgot about him at first, wtf)     And... that's it. Now let's compare it to the ones who were released before Brand!     Annie   Morgana   Ryze   Sion   TF   Zilean   Karthus   Anivia   Veigar   Kassadin   Katarina   Heimerdinger   Nidalee   Gragas   Mordekaiser   Kennen   Akali   Malzahar   Kog'Maw   Vladimir   Galio   Swain   Lux   LeBlanc   Cassiopeia
1	I'll be completely and totally honest. This excuse of not performing well because "they need more time to play together" is complete bullshit. You don't need months and months to create synergy between players when you play every day 8+ hours a day. It takes a week or two tops.   Look at EU, Fnatic gets a new ADC, move their ADC to support and they win the summer split. TSM replaces Chaox with Turtle, did they get any worse? No they got better right away. What about Vulcun when they get Bloodwater? Are they worse now? This excuse of "they will get better in time" is the most overused bullshit and as a long time CLG fan I am really getting tired of it.   Lets have a real talk. CLG's players are the ones who are failing, it isn't synergy, it isn't they haven't had enough time at their new position. Hai moved from jungle to mid and right away he became one of the most feared mids in NA. Their comps always rely on Doublelift carrying the shit out of CLG because he is the only one mechanically strong enough to do so. Nien I'd give credit and say he has been doing very well and has earned his spot, but that is only two players out of five. Link has honestly been a disappointment. Link was hyped up so much as a great player and every now and then he has a great game and looks damn amazing. The only problem is he isn't amazing most of the time. Chauster used to be one of the best supports easily, except the thing we all need to focus on is "used to". I'm assuming Chauster is still their shot caller now, and if he is then he has been doing a shitastic job at it. Their indecision on things has cost them so many games when they have it in the bag. This is what makes CLG games so frustrating to watch. It isn't Doublelift getting caught, it is CLG standing there watching the other team doing dragon after dragon and even baron a couple of times and not doing a single thing. Honestly that should be on bigfatlp because the jungler needs to have control over them but its on the shotcaller too.   I'm done ranting, but if CLG keeps this roster I can't wait to see them in S4 and when they are in the bottom 4 again they'll just say "Well we have been together for barely a year now, we need more time to create synergy" Bullshit.   Oh and to those who say they have gotten better, no they haven't. They started out hella good in the season and everyone had super high expectations. They went down as the season went on then had a small bump towards the end.   -Disgruntled CLG fan.
1	This subreddit seems full of these kind of posts recently expressing concern about mobility creep, bruiser power etc. Its the reason I am slowly playing other MOBAs instead of LoL (other than the community... but thats a different discussion)   Riot has built a huge awesome champion base but now that number is working against them ... they are going out of control. The problem isnt necessarily that Riots design team is bad, but rather the disconnect between generations of Riot design teams. You can look at waves of champions (i.e. launch, season 1, season 2, season 3 etc) and see common recurring themes. Mobility creep is one of these as is the bruiser power with the recent generations. It is what creates "Metas".   Thus, Riot needs to do a "Champion audit" of sorts where they look at each champion vs the overall picture. Not necessarily for their balance but for their kits. Ashe is a prime example of not being able to "fit in" in a world of mobility and gap closers.   How would I fix it? I got no idea, damnit it man im a business/biology major not a game designer! The point is, they have their awesome content(champion base), now they need to consolidate the content and make it all mesh and work together before they continue with future endeavors or they will start losing player base to other MOBAs.   This brings up another problem, especially with all of the telecom monopoly crap happening recently, which is that LoL has such a huge MOBA marketshare that, honestly, a small dip/decline of their playerbase wont phase them. Thus, they wont likely care to spend the time and resources into looking into whats wrong and pleasing the playerbase.
0	My girlfriend used to hit me, now wife, and it kept getting worse.  Finally, I told her the next time she hit me I would deck her.  Well, lo and behold she did, and I laid into her with a huge punch.  It left a bruise and absolutely shocked her.  Needless to say she never hit me again and we have been happily married for 5 years.  There has been no more abuse since that moment -- because it really is abuse and no one should tolerate that shit.
1	I can't believe you people even think this kind of crap is acceptable. I'm going to get downvoted for this rant but I don't care.   So you're coming up with a change that would totally redefine how we see a champion? (in this case: Diana) That's fucking great! But what is your reasoning for this? Most champion change suggestions come when a champion is completely inside of the current champion selection meta.  This is due to everyone claiming that said champion is Overpowered, when in reality they merely counter the previous champion selection meta. So if it's not because Diana is overpowered, it must be because you think she is UNDERpowered. Hahahahahahahahah, oh wait you're serious. Hold on... let me laugh harder. Diana's capacity to gank low level is only limited by your poor imagination on how to use her skills. Which is also the reason that shyvana jungle hasn't been a thing until people actually started using it for her jungle clear and discovered that her ganks are actually fine even pre 6. The same is true with diana. You just have to think outside the box when it comes to ganks (God forbid).   Now, on the subject of what you want to change... Making her R her E would make her incredibly mobile and counterless at level 3 unless she received some serious changes to her damage scaling, which would make her feel completely different as a champion. Furthermore the range would definitely be decreased.   and having her E be her R well you essentially ensure that it be at least as powerful as an orianna ult in damage and ulility... BASICALLY MAKING IT AN ORIANNA ULT. >:( I assume the only reason you would think this ability as her ult would be a good idea would be for the ult synergy. Newsflash: She already has great ult synergy. Ever heard of a champion called Yasuo?
1	I agree 100% with this guy and anyone who came here to post anything negative about you, your play-style, or the way you put forth your point of view is about as mature as an eleven year old. This is a huge problem in all the game types; it seems that either people get discouraged because they have a bad start or they rage at their teammates for having a bad start. There is a reason for the surrender times, and it is that a game is almost never won or lost outright before then. You never know what will happen in another 5-10 minutes of LoL. So like I say to all the "GG I give up"ers chin up, chillout and play the game the best you know how and see what happens by surrender time, and do not rage at people who do not want to surrender on the first vote.
0	There's something about Columbus, OH's Police Department that is totally awesome.   When I was about 19 years old, I went down to see my football coach with a couple of my friends and my sister.. My football coach had just moved down to a high school near C-Bus. He decided to take us to dinner and we followed him into the city, parked our cars, and went to Cane's Chicken and ate a ton and literally spent hours reminiscing about high school... By coincidence a couple of his other former students who went to Ohio State was walking by and joined us, and carried on the conversation. A few hours pass and we go back to our cars and they are gone.   My football coach was a former nose tackle for Syracuse and played with Donovan McNabb. He was a real big, strong guy.. and when our cars were missing I had never seen him get so mad in my life.   Most of the men in my family are / were police officers in the Cleveland area, and I donate my time to Ohio's FOP, so I am extremely comfortable talking with police (which has proven to be a very good and very bad thing at the same time...) -- Anyway, I went up to a police officer writing an accident report that was literally a street away and told the officer that I thought our cars were stolen. He told me that he would be over in a minute and that they were probably towed, not stolen.   He walks over, asks to see some ID, I told him about coming from a family full of police officers, and he told me and my football coach to get in the back of the cruiser and he would take us to get our cars because the impound lot was in a very bad area.   The officer actually walked in with us, shook our hands and took off once we got our cars. I never really got to thank him or got his name, but it was truly an awesome experience.
1	You are right. Now, when Leauge has over 30 million active players, there's no excuse not to release a new client. What I meant, that when Riot started working on LoL, they chose Adobe Air client, because it could save time and resources required to develop their own. It was fine for a small project. In contrary to Valve, a big company that had people, resources and advanced game concept from the beginning.
0	I was once locked in the my closet with a killer on the other side. I remembered I kept my gun in a small compartment at the bottom of the closet but of course my suborn wife told me to separate the gun and ammo for safety. So there I was locked in the closet with a gun and the closet bullet that I knew of was down two flights of stairs. I thought maybe if I acted like a crazy person with a gun when the killer came to get me waving the gun around and what not he might get freaked out enough for me to make a break for my ammo or just out of the house. The moment was nearing where I had to act. I heard foot steps coming to the door followed by him unlocking it. I took this opportunity to act kicking open the door swinging the gun around every which way screeching like some sort of wild animal in hopes it would catch him off guard. I was correct that it did startle him but just for a short moment before he gathered his state of mind. My heart sank as I realized my opportunity to escape came and went. He then reached out and snatched the gun out of my hand to which I tried to do the same to him. We both had a hand on the gun yanking it like we were playing tug a war with a rope and that is when it happen. THE GUN WENT OFF! I heard a loud bang. I was surprised, scared, and confused all at once. Wa ... was I the one who got shot? But how, the gun was empty? After a moment of shock I came to find the killer laying on the ground with a bullet hole right between his eyes. I was amazed I could have sworn the gun was empty, how can this be? I took back out the magazine to see if it really was loaded and somehow missed it at first glace but no, they clip was completely empty. I checked the chamber to see if there was another round in it but it was empty as well. I began to think even if there was somehow a single bullet in the chamber that I didn't check before hand what are the chances of landing a near perfect shoot on the man while fighting over the gun. To this day I have no idea how this situation happened and don't think of it as anything less than a miracle knowing I should be dead. This happened to me a little longer than seven years ago and not a day goes by that I don't think about it.
1	As a main jungler who plays Shaco and all the standard junglers, I feel like you make a valid point. Shaco does have a role late game; whether it be split pushing, soloing baron, or attempting to assasinate the enemy AD / AP Carry. However, compared to the other tanky DPS junglers, his team fight presence is lacking incredibly late game. If you build pure damage on Shaco, he will be melted extremely quickly by the AD carry who is hitting 1k every AA. If you build tanky, he doesn't have any natural tankiness. When the enemy support, who usually does, buys oracles, his assassination attempts are foiled easily. That being said, Shaco does have a late game role; however, in a 5 v 5 team fight other junglers are much better suited to do the roles of initator, peeler, or divers.
0	still don't think it's right" - You've missed the point: what you think is irrelevant.  Nobody is asking you to approve; you're simply not welcome to provide comment on others' business where it has absolutely no effect on you.   As far as "throwing it in your face", if that's actually, literally happening to you, you're either spending time in the wrong bars or giving off a very wrong signal.  Pro tip: this isn't happening, to you or anyone.
1	I think we just talk and don't listen - now I see you understood that I meant the 100th TIME, but I didn't.   Of course it doesn't matter how often Rammus was picked before.   That would indeed be gambler's fallacy.   I only said, that IF you get 100 times IN SUCCESSION (which is highly unlikely, because there are so much more OTHER possibilities), then the RNG might be not working.   I think we should stop arguing. We are both right in what we said, but misunderstood each other.
1	ive been playing a lot of support. ive always loved the dual lane meta. and one thing ive learned is that it is not by any means easy. you need to be in the minds of two opponents (and if ur solo queueing 3) you need reaction for janna shields and you need to be able to intiate good fights for your ad or toss out poke when its safe and constantly read the situation. being all the while map aware allowing your ad to focus on last hitting.
0	I look back with fond memories on my first time, and I still can't think of a better way to lose it than the one/two night stand that I had. I was in San Fran and the dudes I was with didn't know I was virgin, and neither did the random girl i met that night. She was 12 years my senior and took my little 19 yo ass home with her where we went at it for about 4 hours, well into the morning light. I can't even imagine going for 4 hours these days, so exhausting, but she didn't have clue one that she took my v-card. I contemplated telling her afterward but thought she would think less of me. Anyway, she and I hung out for the rest of the day- she took me shopping, bought me clothes, and paid for dinner cuz I was broke. We spent the next night together too before she took me back to meet up with my friends the next morning so we could leave for LA, our next stop. 30 minutes after dropping me off, we're driving on the highway to LA, and I get a call on the only cell phone we had for the group. Its the girl, and she tells me that after dropping me off, someone ran a red light and t-boned her car. She was calling me from the ambulance on the way to the hospital, and I was left speechless. Not much I could do, but I couldn't help but feel a bit responsible. She recovered, although I gradually lost contact with her over the next 6 months.
1	It's pretty simple :     chances of the other team getting a DC > chances of your team getting a DC (assuming you don't DC)     chances of the other team getting a feeder > chances of your team getting a feeder (assuming you are not the feeder)     chances of the other team getting a troll > chances of your team getting a troll (assuming you are not the troll)       That's pure math so stop complaining about your loss streak and realize that when you have good streak it's because the DC, feeder, troll is in the other team.
1	I'm not sure if I've been lucky or what but when ever I do well as a support in the bot lane, it's generally because I have a pretty good ADC and they seem to recognize and praise me.
1	hehe you can actually check out last game.. It was my last promo game... Guess what, unraked Sion top.   I would show you more but I can't find any website that tells me which games were promos or not.   EDIT: I actually found the promos just before those, scroll down where my losing spree started on ranked...6 days ago Katarina game, guess what unraked poppy... Then got mad and fed/trolled a few matches...   Then scroll down 3 games below, where a 3 lose streak happened, the last losing game on Katarina.. Unraked Warwick 0/9/5.   It happened 4 promos in a row... so IDK about you but at my MMR is where LAN drops all the guys starting their placements matches.
0	Funny comic, I like it a lot. But let's get a little more serious about it for a minute, imagine that most people thought that all rock music sounded like your least favorite band, you wouldn't feel the need to set the record straight? That's how most 'dubsteppers' feel. Within the span of a year or two, a couple people completely changed the genre, 180 degrees away from what it originally was, and then those people proceeded to get a metric fuckton of recognition, and everybody associates the genre with a completely different sound and most people hate it without knowing what it actually is. New dubstep is all about crowded tracks with screeching robot noises, mid-bass and filthy drops, old dubstep was all about minimalism, rhythm, sub-bass and darkness, with a dub reggae influence in most songs. I try to ignore it and not take it seriously, but sometimes it is kind of frustrating when people hate something without knowing what it is.
1	Before things get out of hand...   I watched the entire video Travis did with Apollo. Nearing the end of the video, Travis poses the question regarding NA ADC rankings.   To preface his response, Apollo references his time on Team Coast and how he thought (before) that he was a really good ADC. But he says that he made the mistake of emphasizing too much on mechanics as opposed to how an ADC can communicate and work well with their team.   Then Apollo states that he thinks how an ADC works and communicates with his team has to be the top priority when considering an ADC.
1	Really ?  No
0	Same! Same age, same situation, same result. It was esp. odd because most everyone was still kid-less at the time and went out whenever they wanted. Except that night, I guess.   I'm not the easiest person to get along with, and I'd set my expectations pretty low in advance, but was still a little disappointed. My wife asks every year if I want a party and it's an emphatic no. It's easier now though--the pool of invitees is down to about three.
1	Games feel longer for me just because it feels like a gradual trudge to a surrender. I haven't played a game in a while where I truly felt either like I had been evenly matched or that victory was possible.
1	Sure so to review, the old TT was located near Zaun. It was the result of warped magic from both Zaun and the Rune Wars. This is certainly fine lore, there was nothing wrong with it.   There are three basic reasons we moved TT to the Shadow Isles.   Stronger Visual Inspiration: The Shadow Isles was a natural source of inspiration for Twisted Treeline. An undead forest surrounded by horrifying twisted trees works really nicely. We could have done a dark and twisted Zaun inspired map, but the undead of the Shadow Isles provided a more natural inspiration that enabled us to produce higher quality art.   Thematic Overlap: We have other lore plans around warped and twisted magic we want to explore. We feel that those themes can be explored both visually and through lore in a way that will producer stronger results than what we would have achieved had we applied those want themes to the TT remake.   Story Opportunity: We have only started to reveal the story we want to explore through the Shadow Isles. We have six champions who are from there. We didn't have big story plans for the forest outside Zaun and only one champion was from there. We can do more lore tie ins this way, like the special lines that specters say to characters. We may add in more lines to the specters as the story unfolds.
1	EDIT: it would be lovely if the people who are downvoting me would explain themselves, not that i care about the karma but i want to know how im wrong   this is probably not going to go over well but with very few exceptions, she is just a worse support than others and in particular  Janna does just about everything that she does but better.   originally i wrote out a whole comparison of their skills but that's a bit off topic so instead ill just explain what i mean briefly and reply to comments about it, perhaps i will post an organized list of thoughts somewhere else on the topic.   ~Jannas CCs are overall signifigantly better than lulu's (Check  THIS   ~janna has signifigantly greater mobility for herself and her team; passive gives 3% bonus speed at all times and Zephyr passive lets her run through minions whereas lulu has one of the worst base move speeds in the game AND gets stuck on minions.   ~the only thing that lulu has that janna doesn't is the double steroid (AP from whimsy and attack dmg from help! pix)  so like a few others have said she MIGHT go okay with someone who can utilize that well (Ezreal or kog perhaps)
1	Uhm im not entirely sure what i wrote but i think it was for shutting down akali etc. If it isnt that just tell me what i did wrote and ignore what im going to write now :D. You get a champion with strong basic atacks like jayce or a range champion and get ad runes/masteries on him get a pink ward and watch akali die from basic atacks. If she hasnt died til lvl 6 she either backed like alteast once and u managed to get ahead of her which is still a win or she got ganks from the jungler which is still a win cuz that way ur other lanes can do whatever they want while the jungle is camping you.
1	Here's how this bug works, and why it's difficult to fix.   Clients in LoL aren't given the full game state - they only get information on what they can see. This is to prevent maphacks, which typically work by inspecting the game's memory and then forcing the client to draw objects that should be invisible. When the clients don't have that information in memory, they can't hack the client to show it.   As a result, when a player fires a skillshot from the bushes, enemies won't have that data until  after  the skillshot becomes visible on their client. However, it takes time for the server to tell the client "hey, there's this projectile here that's moving in this direction", so depending on the client's latency the projectile might have already hit or expired before it's even shown to the client, so it doesn't get displayed at all.   If you try to reproduce this trick with very low latency, you'll actually see the Morgana binding appear - it'll just appear slightly late since your game client is trying to show where it should be by the time it receives the message.
0	After a long day of skiing, we were watching a movie and I passed out hard. The next day there were pictures and videos of an enormous bulldog humping the hell out of me as I slept, while my cousin and brother laughed hysterically instead of stopping him.   You got lucky.
1	These other champs (as far as I know) don't have a 60% win rate like Warwick does. Nerfing this item will hurt those champs that use it that aren't OP like Warwick is. The ACUTAL problem is how Warwick interacts with this item and enchantment, how he can just slap them on someone 5 times in a row while they're supressed and can't do jack shit about it. The solution? Change how he interacts with the item. I suggest making his ult attack 3 times instead of 5 while maintaining his old base damage values. That would reduce both the true damage and the magic damage by 40%, making them only enhance his ult, not define it.
1	Throwing mobility into a kit just because other champions have it is a terrible idea.  Using Lux's kit, we see that she has CC, long range burst and a shield. She is clearly a ranged control mage; poking before fights, clearing waves, making picks, shielding allies. Lux has a lot going for her. If a buff is needed, buff one of her strengths, don't give her something else.  Tangentially, there's a good reason that Ahri received her Q speed boost. Ahri is a mobile AP mage/assassin. She has relatively short range spell and almost entirely revolves around making picks. Unlike Lux, she has no long range wave management capabilities and she cannot provide support in the form of buffs or shields. Since her kit already relied heavily on mobility (her R), an acceptable buff was to exemplify this mobility.
0	Here, let me give you a little backstory so you can understand where i am coming from. I will keep it short and sweet.   I grew up on a farm, working was a major part of my childhood. We werent rich farmers. We were poor self-sufficient pig farmers and there a few very bad years.   I joined the Navy because of the GI bill with dreams of becoming the first person in my family to obtain a college education.   After I served my time I attended one of the most reputable Universities in the world and obtained my ME ( Mechanical). I worked a full time job the entire time.   After that I always took advantage of every opportunity to increase my income, skill, training and education. Even if that meant moving 900 miles away.   Currently, I have an upper-level management position (facilities and maintenance) at a Fortune 500 company in the Austin, Tx area and things have never been better   I deal with higher-ups everyday. I see all of the shenanigans and bullshit first-hand. I see all of the incompetence and the out of whack income levels. Those people got to that level because they are fucking smart....smarter than me and I assure you that I am pretty fucking smart.   Not everyone will be a CEO. I personally dont desire it. I am hands on with my subordinates and have their respect which is more important.
1	I'm not stating based on caster opinions, I'm stating based on personal experience and pro player opinions.   Ofc BF first buy is ideal, but you don't always back with 1550 gold. The second best aggro build early on is 2x Dblade and greaves, as vamp is sustain, not aggro.   Korean pros were the ones who pioneered 2x Dblade and greaves rush... I'd assume you'd know but I guess you're just a bandwagon fanboy. Locodoco talked about this build when he was subbing for DoA in OGN Winter about how many pros rush that build on Caitlyn as it's the fastest way to be dominant in lane.
0	It's not cut and dried. Sure, there are negative aspects to inner city culture, (not black culture - there are no homogenous racial cultures) and young black people are constantly bombarded with negative stereotypes and role models, but urban crime culture and gang culture are very closely related to economics, which find their root causes in historical racism. Latinos are another ethnic group who are in a big way affected by urban crime culture, and likewise have similar socioeconomic problems as a group.   If you grow up poor, if you grow up in the inner city, and if you grow up with a relative in jail, then you're in serious trouble from day one, regardless of race. That doesn't apply to all black people, but it applies to a disproportionately large percentage of them. While institutional racism doesn't have nearly as much impact now as it did fifty or one hundred years ago, its effects have lingered in the demographics of today. Poverty is self-perpetuating, and while many people, including many black people, have made it out of poverty, they are the exceptions, not the rule.   The fact that black people have not had equality under the law for nearly as long as most other American ethnic groups has retarded their economic advancement as a demographic. As time moves on, I anticipate that incomes and quality of life will trend upwards, and incarceration and drug use rates will trend downwards, and then the question of "African American culture" can be isolated. But at the moment the issue is too mired in the repercussions of institutional and legal racism to be studied objectively.
1	You are pretty much describing exactly the opposite of what kha'zix actually is.   Kha'zix is a late game champion. He struggles in the jungle early game and his ganks are mediocre until level 6/11.   Kha's late game is fantastic though, like it always should be. He is great at capitalizing on 1 mistake and just snowball the teamfight. And in just a standard 5v5, once his team blows 1 person up her will just reset and get in and out with ease.   His damage without isolation isn't good, but he should be going for isolating opponents anyways. If there is anything that needs buffed, it is his isolation range nerf reverted a bit, maybe by 25-50 range instead of the full amount.   His waveclear is one of the best of all junglers late game once he evolved w.   He CAN tank, because he has stealth, which the ability to just hit a button and poof disappear for a while, and then do it again, is still going to be very strong in teamfights.
1	I honestly hope that bot lane gets significantly fewer ganks this season. Mainly because I think Rush Hour is really solid in a 2v2 situation. I don't think they NEED ganks to gain an advantage in lane. I think that time could be better spent getting the other lanes ahead or putting the other jungler behind in most situations.
0	So - I'm on a business trip with my boss.  We're visiting one of our satellite locations.  All looks good.  So we finish up, grab dinner and head back to the hotel.  He's busy screwing around on  his iPad.  But I have a couple of routers from the site and a laptop.  And I'm bored.   I take my laptop and I start looking at stuff the hotel's WiFi.  I noticed some Cisco APs in the hallway, standard issue stuff.  When I'm deciding to poke and see if they secured their gateway and/or controller, I notice my IP address looks weird.  Not a standard issue 192.168.x.x, old school 172.16.x.x, not even a 10.x.x.x.  So I took my phone, turned off my laptop security, and realized I could ping my own laptop.  So I plug in my laptop in the room as the phone has a network port.  Same range of external IPs.   They were handing out true external IPs.   Ho-ly-shit .  So I'm looking at the rest of my info and I realize its taking about 100'ish ms for the gatway to hand me my info.  And I get this brilliant idea.   So I take the router I had, configure it to hand out 192.168.x.x addresses.  I setup a portable install of a webserver and a DNS server on my laptop.  I hook the router up to the wired port on the phone, hook my laptop up to the LAN side of the router, have DHCP from the router hand out settings, and set my laptop as the gateway.  The DNS server on the laptop is resolving everything to itself and the webserver is hosting a simple text page.   The hardware router is handing out DHCP info over their Access Points faster than their (I assume) off-site hardware can and they didn't do any filtering on their switches.  The DNS Server starts processing requests - I had taken a list of the top 50 homepages and set them to resolve to my laptop along with anything else I could think of, including Drury.com.   Then I realize there are non-computer devices communicating on the network.  Drury was using the same network as its guests for at least its printers.  So they all had their displays changed to some profanity and the "key phrase" I'd selected - Asbestos.  I don't know why I chose that, but it just seemed like a good way to let them know it was all tied together.   Why did I do any of this?   They said there'd be waffles that morning.  And bacon.  Neither of these were there.   Just reconstituted eggs and microwaved pancakes.  I left this setup running until I went to bed.  The next morning people were talking about it over breakfast.  There was a piece of paper heavily taped over the printer displays to block view.   Don't think it really counts as proof - [but here you go, anyways](
1	It's because of the players on higher elo knows how to do something more usefull with Shaco to help him pubstomp. Myself, I'm around 67% win rate as Shaco for over 150 games on S2. In my experiences, I really need help of my teammates for example: early dragons, first blue/red and informations about the lane to be effective as possible.   He's really stronk on higher elo because enemies don't ward like 5 times over all spots where Shaco can pop out from. Thus means that he can make succesfull ganks almost every time. (unless the enemies realized these silent orange poofs in FoW)
0	I know how you feel. I'm quite proud of my German heritage. My grandparents are amazing people that have an amazing story and made it all the way here (US) without getting involved or for a a lack of better word getting forced into being involved in the Nazi party, Hitler's Youth Program as well as helping people do the same thing along the way.   As soon as I say I'm German however, people call me a nazi and or racist. But, I honestly don't care. My grandparents aren't ashamed of who they are, I could never be. I wear my gold German Eagle necklace I  got for my 18th birthday from them with pride.   Besides all this heritage stuff. My grandmother is a master seamstress and the best cook I have ever met. She inspired me to become a cook/chef and work in the food industry. My grandfather? Simply a master mason who layed brick on half of NYC and Long Island, continually pestered by the union to come back and teach.   The best part about all of this is that this is only half of my family, I love my mothers parents and their heritage just as much.
1	Except Starcraft didn't have  near  the competitive following League has, so it's kind of a false equivalency.   There's also the amount of money people have invested into this game. What's the reason most people say there won't be a Team Fortress 3? TF2 has been around since 2007 ish, and it still receives updates and has a steady following. The reason there won't be a TF3? Hats. Some people's backpacks have so much money put into them that Valve would have a shitstorm like they've never seen if they made a 3 without porting people's backpacks over. The same goes for all the skins and champs people have bought, the people with rare skins, etc. If they were to abandon League completely for a new game, or, even worse, make a LoL2, you'd bet people would flip their shit. Even more so if they did like you said and left half the champion pool in the dust, between roughly half the community flipping their shit over the fact that their favorite champ doesn't exist anymore and the other half being angry about their skins carrying over.   In fact, the more I think about this, the less your scenario makes any kind of sense. First off, what sense does scrapping half the champion pool to make a new game make? How would that even work? I see 3 outcomes:   A) Half the champions are ported to a new game, League 2. No new champs are added, the map is largely unchanged because MOBA, there is a new client.   B) Half the champions are ported to a new game, League 2. A new selection of champs of roughly the same size or larger is added, the map is largely unchanged because MOBA, there is a new client.   C) There is a new game with a full selection of new champions called League 2. The map is largely unchanged because MOBA, there is a new client.   All three of these are beyond pants-on-head retarded. Scenario A (which is so high on the "things that would never happen" scale that it reads ERR when measured) would obviously be a dumbfuck move because literally no-one would tolerate that. Scenario B and C wouldn't work because it would be far more work to invent THAT many new champions to revitalize interest with a second game rather than just keep morale high by steadily releasing new skins/champs and fine-tuning the existing game (like updating the client). Abandoning League for another LoL game, especially under the same name isn't just stupid, it's straight-up SonicTeam-level shit.   Finally, LoL isn't just a game like Starcraft, TF2, or any other game with a competitive following. It's not just an eSport, it's  the  eSport. There are others, but none have the same following League does. To abandon LoL, even 6, 7 years from now, would be corporate suicide. If anything, we have evidence to show that when it gets aged, they'll just update the game to make it less so (see: champ reworks/VUs/TUs/Summoner's Rift Update)
0	not always. If someone's 'socially impaired', it doesnt mean they be ignoring the rules. It may depend on where they land on the spectrum, or it may just be their upbringing but it can also be that they're aware of their impairment, and in turn it makes them super anxious in certain social environments, up to being virtually mute to avoid attention being drawn to it.   Well, that's some of my experience anyway. I did learn about it from quite a young age, and my two brothers have it much worse than I do because they're more spread out across the spectrum.  You're probably thinking of the type that garners the most attention, so you may not have noticed the other 'breeds' that are out there.   So for me, it seems I've learned alot of the social behaviours that I frequently encounter, but if I run into a new one it can freak me out [therefore I either get super anxious and possible muted] until I can get used to and manage with it in some way. I'm getting used to eye contact, but I'm still super aware of it when it does happen. On the other hand, if I have a close friend with me, or someone I know and trust, they will help alleviate that pressure, but I might still be on edge depending on circumstances.   Luckily when I went to secondary school, my one friend went there as well so I had a much better start than I might otherwise had, and as such I managed to make a small group of friends, some [most? all?] of which didn't even know or suspect me of being on the spectrum until I told them. Pretty sure some of them still don't believe it, but its quite novel telling people youve known for years and have them be surprised.   Anyway, I'm rambling now, so I'll try wrap this up quickly
0	PSA: there are several reasons why somebody may not want to share  his  or her problems with you. Maybe times people just don't want to relive an awful moment by having to retell the story.   Sometimes, however, it depends on you. You want to help them, right? A lot of the time, though, you can't solve their problem (suggesting someone move out to get away from horrible parents, when they aren't financially prepared, for example). Jabbering somebody with hasty solutions because  you  want to feel better about having helped them, only makes them feel worse. Accept that you can't fix things for them and just  be there for them emotionally . That's all a friend needs sometimes.   Unless, of course, there's the third and final possibility. Speaking from personal experiences, I avoid going to certain people because they're just  awful . "Oh you're having problems with a video game? Grow up and get a real hobby." "Oh you just fell over and broke your wrist? Hahahahahaha you're such a clutz." Any variation of such assholishness may make it difficult for somebody to come to you for help, or, you know, be your friend.
1	I played 2 games of ascension and found out you can redeem rewards, so when I went in I could see straight off the bat I could collect the perfect ascension.
0	there sits hobbesthestuffed looking through reddit.  as per routine, he opens a selected posting in another tab, retaining the original page, lest he lose his way.  before reading anything, though, he notices the "new post or mail" envelope is red.   "Wow" he thinks, "someone replied to something, I must see what it is!"   at this same moment, hobbesthestuffed is about 20 minutes removed from eating his lunch of boldly satisfying mexican food and is experiencing a slight build up of gastro-intestinal distress.  feeling it is merely a case of flatulence, he begins to relax his sphincter to void the building gas and thereby blind his cat.  she'll be ok, his feline normally recovers quite quickly.   immediately prior to this release, however, he has clicked on the beloved red envelope and reveals the wondrous reply from one_cool_cat (purely coincidental to the act of blinding his own cat).   Upon reading the comments of one_cool_cat, and mere nano-seconds before his release of his organic feline vision obstruction spray, hobbesthestuffed is struck humorously by the sarcastic irony revealed by one_cool_cat's post.  so humorously that hobbesthestuffed utters a slight laugh, a guffaw, if you will.   a guffaw that is of sufficient intensity to alter the activities and pressures exerted by his abdominal muscles.  particularly his sphincter.  sadly, you see, it only takes a minute change in the force exerted to drastically alter gastrointestinal actions occurring from one's sphincter.   it was at this point in time, a mere scant seconds, that hobbesthestuffed went from erasing the world from his cat's sight to forever altering the colouring and substance of his lower small clothes.   a time, though lightning quick, that seemed to actually go on for minutes.  a time to relive the terror of past visits from those loathsome, vile beasts from the bowels of the underworld.  Vile beasts that ever seek to leave their burning mark upon their intended victims.   but though the terror seems to linger for an eternity it shall be denied!  "Thou Shall Not Pass!" hobbesthestuffed thinks.  the vile indignity of the craven villains from below will not leave their marks upon hobbesthestuffed this day.  Nay, though he may quiver and squirm he shall not be marked!  Nay, he will skid along that muddy path and not leave a mark!  Nay, today, today! hobbesthestuffed will prevail.  future battles may be unknown but today he is unstained!
1	If you press [Win-D] it'll minimize all windows and show the desktop. Since Win 7/8 don't show window titles in the task bar, that should be sufficient. It's an easy keybind to hit, too.   [Win] refers to the Windows logo key.
0	A year or two back when I would walk home from my girlfriend's house I would always see this one guy every time, by the food places. Every time I walked by he said "Hey could you spare some money so I can get my son a Happy Meal?" He wasn't homeless, but still. The first time I gave him a few bucks and he had the nerve to look in my wallet while I'm getting the bills and say "Can I have that $10?". I told him no, and he said I can go fuck myself. For some reason I gave him money even though all the food places(McD's and etc) were only drive-thru that late.   From then on I ignored him every time I saw him. He would still ask me for money for his "son". He never had a child with him, was walking out around 9:30 PM in brand new clothes from what looked like Old Navy (still had the tags on them) asking for money for his son.   At one point I was walking with my girlfriend on the other side of town and see him there. Somehow he doesn't seem to remember me, and again, asks me for money. I ask him where is son is, and he tells me "none of your business".   After seeing him one more time outside a 7-11, I told him to fuck off, and I haven't seen him since. Never saw his "son" or anything.
1	Yeah but OP mention it. "Idk what the problem is lol." is because you don't read all the post. Just the
1	If you are in silver 5, but playing agaainst bronze 5's.... You got carried to silver(feel lucky). It means your mmr is so low you should be bronze 4-5. Also its not smurfs making you lose, its you and your team... People don't waste their time smurfing in bronze, in fact unless that player deserves bronze, the smurf will end up silver+ like their other accts from placements.
1	Mid inhib is literally the worst to get. The enemy team can easily group 5 mid and push the minions past the river. They can keep vision control on their jungle and on baron pretty easily.   Mid Super Minions can't even take down nexus turret's by themselves, while side-lanes can.   Mid inhib is only good to cause the ultimatum 'You lose the fight, you lose the game', and force them to be careful about their midlane, since you have the quickest way to their base clear and constantly pushing.
0	I worked in a (very busy) kitchen downtown, and when I first started there were quite a few people who were smokers and were allowed to go have a smoke break every so often and there wasn't any kind of limit. (for story purposes, know that I had officially quit smoking almost a year prior to this job). Fast forward a few weeks and I'm cooking by myself (it's a 3/4-man line which can be run by 1 or 2 if it's slow enough) when it starts getting busy. I look around to ask someone for some help getting the food out, but the manager, prep cook, and my other line cook are all out back smoking. I had to go outside and tell them that we're getting busy and I need one of them, they all act like I just ruined their birthday party for a few seconds, then come in and get back work (everyone is on the clock btw). This sort of thing continues happening for months, and I, being the reliable cook who doesn't leave the kitchen at all during his shift except to pee, become sort of 'the man' in the kitchen(everybody loves working with me). I should also mention that this job gives no breaks at all, unless you're working 2 shifts - which will allow you to have MAYBE an hour between the two. So at a team meeting I bring up the fact that some people (the smokers) are allowed breaks to go smoke, while the rest of us are forced to stay inside and work our entire shifts without any break at all. I explained that, to me, this meant: 'Smokers get special privileges because they have a bad habit, and the healthy people can go fuck themselves' and that I'm gonna start smoking so I can have breaks too. So I bought a pack of Marlboro's the next day on my way in and in the middle of my shift when business was dying down I went out back lit one up and sat down. For the next month(maybe 2) I kept this up, making sure that whenever I went outside for a smoke, there was someone watching the kitchen who had done the same to me. After being 'talked to' (scolded) by each manager about my antics, I wrote an e-mail to corporate, and stopped(I didn't get addicted again so quitting smoking was easy). Not a week later an email went out to all stores that smoke breaks on the clock are no longer allowed, and in-fact, they're encouraging all employees to quit for good and offering help in doing so. This led to my manager allowing us to have actual breaks every couple hours if we wanted them (we'd have to tell him before he made the schedule for the week if we wanted our shifts broken up or straight-through) so that the smokers aren't getting paid to grow their cancer, and the non-smokers are happy that they can finally have breaks without getting yelled at.
0	In my opinion, wether you like something or not is subjective, but quality is objective. I don't like jazz, but when I listen to it, I totally understand how incredible the musicians and composers are. I just dont enjoy it. I do, however, enjoy very crappy bands even tough I recognize that they don't have that much talent, they just happened to make a thing I like.
1	Well lets be honest here if you get snow balled and have been ganked 5-10 times and your jungler is an afk farm yi or udyr, then you have the right to at least be annoyed and blame them if they blame you. But that is a different story.   Also one gank can turn around a lane. I have snow balled a lane and then been ganked causing me to loose tower and advantage some times. Remember the hole 7 min dmg resist on towers, a jungler can easily save a lane at around that mark.
0	Amazing. I had that epiphany in High School. Now, I put myself first. I have to like myself, and don't compromise on that. It means I lose a lot of friends, but the ones who stay are great. I like "nerdy" things and embrace it. I'm a pseudo-intellectual. I enjoy mental math. I like cars, a lot. There are things I don't know, and that's okay.   It can be a problem though when I do things to entertain myself in public (like dancing when I'm bored) and my girlfriend is mortified because to her, social acceptance is  everything , but to me, I don't care. If moving like a goof makes me happy, I'll do it. And that's why I don't get dragged out shopping anymore.
0	Back in middle school, my teacher called out each of our ssn to the respective student so we could write our own down.   This one kid writes my ssn on his folder and tells the others he wrote it down and was going to keep it. Me being the scrawny asian kid and him being the big mexican kid, there was no way I could physically erase/remove it while he was watching. I tried to tell the teacher in class, but she ignored me.   Luckily, after class, we left our folders there.   I took the opportunity to confront her again, and sure enough, my ssn was written in black ink on the front of the kid's folder. She ripped it off and apologized to me. She thought he was joking.
1	1.- Don't know why CoL picked morg and not lee top (deny from dexter, westrice most confortable champ). Also, don't know why didn't they picked tresh as supp if CLG had locked braum, ahd CoL had kass.   2.- Pr0lly sould've just avoid gauntlet and go zonyas (enough counterplay to yasuo), if u had a lead and u are going to force fights and snkowball (kog was pretty fall behind), u do not go defensive item. That was dumb.   3.- Despite de result, still don't agree with CLG's bot lane arrogance to pick braum-kog and go 2v2, (lose the lane, no map pressure top or bot). If CoL didn't threw at baron, they could've perfectly snowball and make a win from that decision. If CLG wanted yasuo synergy and safer lane, just pick nami. CLG showing not smart draft or plan.
0	I've heard this line of reasoning before, and one of the main issues that I have with it, or rather the issue that I have with people who hold this belief, is the inconsistency between their argument that unsavory people of all races can be niggers and their willingness to actually apply the "nigger" label to people who aren't black without being prodded.   A non-black person being called a nigger rarely, if ever, seems to be something that just happens organically (not counting XBL of course). Normally when I see or hear this phrase, it's after someone calls a black person a nigger and is then presented with the question of whether or not the person would still be a nigger if they weren't black.   You can see this on Reddit quite often. Video of black people fighting? Niggers. Video of non-black people fighting? No niggers found. Or for a real-life example, how many times have you heard Jerry Sandusky referred to as a nigger for molesting and raping multiple children?   I'm sure there are people who truly believe and practice what was stated in the OP, but most of the time it just seems like something that people throw out their to cover their own asses.
1	She is strong.  For one of those reasons she is strong its because she does do mixed damage.  Its primarily AD but her magic damage actually helps her shred tanks, as tanks will generally only build armor against her.   I have 1k+ games, kind of a one trick miss fortune pony.  Im sure you've played games with cait or someone else and realized, you are doing almost no damage to tanks.  MF shreds tanks.  As long as you know your limitations and position well, MF is one of the strongest adc's.  Why?  Is it her stats?  Kinda, she out damages most adcs in the early and mid game.  But people dont play her and thus, they dont know how to play against her and arent aware of the damage output she has.  Sure people THINK they know how to play against her, but they dont.  At least they dont know how to play against  a good MF.  I'm plat 2, and i play at a plat 2 level for most of my champs (if not slightly below), but i constantly beat diamond kids with my MF.  Once again, this is bc they actually dont know how to go against a good one who knows the damage she can really output.   If you know what ur doing, MF shreds tanks.  SHREDS.  She is her own clean up crew in team fights, with or without her ult. Easy.   EDIT-
1	i wrote why i downvoted, because /u/RoGStonewall implied, that his downvotes were undeserved. they were not.   >I know I am disliked by certain circles in reddit but honestly it is rather silly that my posts get slapped with downvotes. Of course it recovers eventually but I really just want to promote discussion about interesting and difficult topics.   i tried to point out to him, where his mistakes are, but he chose to respond with a one liner.   >I was neutral in this article. I took no side on either argument.   look, i know it sucks to come into a thread and see a wall of text like mine, especially when it seemingly has little to do with the subject matter.   but please consider: reddit is a community, and i have as much right to post as the next guy, not to mention i have a right to elaborate, why i think my downvote was justified. usually, i will downvote and move on, however on this specific subject, i think elaboration was in order, and beneficial to /u/RoGStonewall, as well as reddit in general.
0	I definitely wouldn't use the word astute haha. More like an entertaining
0	Student in audio engineering and computer science here.  You're actually a bit wrong.  The easiest way to understand why modems make that noise is to compare it to an audio sync technique called Longitudinal Time Code (LTC).   LTC syncs analog tape machines together using an audio signal which is translated into SMPTE time code.  Don't worry about understanding that too much though.  The main point is that LTC used a square wave while the receiving end listens to that square wave and translates it into binary code.   You know what a square wave [looks like](  How they have shelves on the top and bottom.  LTC listens to that square wave and whenever it hears a specific pattern of the wave it equates that to a 1.  The other pattern would be a 0. It is actually that simple.  Once you have things in terms of 1s and 0s you can do almost anything with binary.   [This website]( explains LTC much more in depth.  I'm showing LTC instead of dial up because it is much more simple to understand, but the idea is still the same.   If you played a LTC as an actual audio track you would hear a very fast clicking sound and it would sound somewhat similar to dial up noise.
1	Go hard before level 3. His level 1 is weak as all hell - either he takes flip and does virtually no damage beyond that, or takes Q and will struggle to so much as farm because he has no displacement to escape. At level 2, he takes the other, but still won't have the damage or speed to really do anything. This is the point where you should look to call for ganks and start shutting him out. By level 3, his second rank in Q may just be enough to start really chipping away at your health. A champion with quick dashes to recover from the flip's displacement may be helpful as well. Also, keep in mind that any champion with a skill that makes them targetable will still take ticks of poison in those frames if it's already been applied. It won't go through invulnerabilities, however.
1	I watched ur stream a bit, and you do actually belong in the league you are in. I'm not saying this to just tell you you're bad, though:   You were as Viktor vs Brand mid. Your CS'ing was acceptable for silver league, and you do indeed play safe and you aren't feeding at all. Your team was obviously really bad, and before 12 minutes it was already 0-5.   You then tried to grab your blue, but it was contested and a small team fight happened. Nocturne went for Brand, who got away with +-2% hp. Some other players from both teams joined the fight, and that's when I realised what your problem is.   You play too passively and too safe.   As soon as the other team engaged your team, you didn't pop ur ulti and your w stun, instead u automatically started moving back, and popped your ulti only when everyone from your team was already removed from the fight.  You have to be able to judge the situation, be decisive, and support your team.   Another way to put this, is as follows:  not dying =/= being a good player.  When your teammate's lanes are doing poorly, and your jungler is having a hard time turning the tides, you have to do something. The Brand you were against was very bad, you could've easily pushed the lane numerous times, and gone for a stroll. See where your jungler is heading, ping them that you're on your way too, and give the fed Nasus a visit.  LoL is a team game where everyone plays as if it is a single player game, and you have to get your advantage by adapting to your team, and thus playing as a team.  I've seen really fed teams (I'm talking 20-40 situations) lose because they all played like they were the shit, and got raped because the other team worked together.   Mocking Caitlyn with 'the silver plays man, the silver plays' when she dies to a 25% hp Nasus isn't helping anything, especially when you are probably just as bad. She died a lot, yes, and she fed the other team, but at the very least she's still trying to turn the tides.  You're basically a neutral element in your team, that doesn't turn the tide either way,  because you're never doing anything to change the tides for anyone. You're sort of like someone that's standing AFK at their tower, leeching XP, not making matters worse but especially not making things better.
1	Runaans in theory seems like a really cool item. Attack 3 champions at once? Yes please!  However, when you get down to the maths, it really isn't that useful. It's very rare that 3 champions will be within auto attack range at all times during a fight, therefore you are spending gold on an item which really aren't helping you much within a teamfight. Also, it only provides attack speed. ADC's need Damage, Critical Strike and Attack Speed to do the maximum amount of DPS. Sinking 2.4k gold into just attack speed means that you aren't getting very optimal slot efficiency. Think what you are sacrificing to build this item. A bloodthister? Phantom dancer perhaps?
0	I just read a little bit about this and the issue comes with the liability of the mountain. Because you have an agreement with the mountain when you buy their pass, giving it to another person that didn't make the same agreement can cause issues.
1	I fucking love reading Chauster's response he just doesn't seem to give a shit its genuinely funny and enlightening, he clearly cares about CLG. Its just funny to read how honest he is.
1	Look for the lane that has the champ (on your team) that will carry you the hardest. This is usually the case of bot lane, but the problem bot lane is is that your number advantage isnt as strong. For maths, If you join bot, you are only 33% more than the enemy team, mid and top you are 50% more (if that makes sense)(If the enemy jungler isnt there).   This brings me to my next point. Look where the enemy jungler is, and capitalise somewhere else. Sinceyour laners arent as strong as the enemy laner, even if you countergank you will probably lose the fight. Therefore, one of your main objectives is to find the enemy laner. Do this by warding (you should do this anyway) or calculating where he should be next. (3-4 minute top side if he started bot side etc.)   Another important thing is to realise when your powerspike is. With an early game jungler, really try and gank as early as possible (making sure the enemy jungler isnt around). If you have a late game champ, sit back, light up YOUR jungle, and farm and tell your lanes to play passive.   Especially if you are CC heavy, you should try and gank only when you know you can hit your CC. One example is J4, easily flashable if they still have it. Ask where flashes go down and USE the information. Jungling is a lot about getting information and using it to your advantage.
1	I just got confirmed that the coach is framed. This is what's actually happening:   AcFun is a video website that started their league team. They also started doing live streaming on a website called Douyu.tv(OMG's sponsor), which took away a lot of the viewers from prominent streaming websites like YY. However, L.ACE, the organizer of LPL, belongs to Tencent, which is also Riot's stockholder. YY signed a contract with Tencent, and they decided to screw AcFun over by framing the league team.
0	American here.   It's not. It's honestly the least important thing to most intelligent people that reside here. The problem is loser and slackers who use the race card as a shitty shortcut out.   In this case it was definitely spurred on by the media trying to divert attention from the fact that the NSA is spying on every god damn person in the world.   I mean come on. I know neither of these shit bags and I could care less what happens to them one way or the other, regardless of color. Things like this happen everyday. This one should be no more important. Let's keep our minds focused on the real problem at hand.
1	pulls up socks   I never said you had to be good at framing your friend. Also given the nature of the police (who is the Tribunal here), the police "spam" arrests (which is punishing) so in this world, you simply have to say he did something wrong & the police arrest you & throw you in jail right there & then.   Thus false reporting someone is telling the police he committed a murder and they just arrest him without even looking into it.
0	I'd love to get over into the right lane, really I'm over here in the left because this truck was going under the speed limit and I'm trying to get a safe distance ahead of them before I merge back in, which is why I have my right blinker on. This should be en-oh you just cut out in front of him without signaling, causing him to slam on his brakes as your small engine struggles to accelerate to stupidly high speeds while you flip me off and pass on the right... and the next guy behind you does it too, as does everyone riding my ass because I'm not in enough of a hurry to go over the speed limit.
1	I hope you guys all realise this is to generate more profit right? holding the tournament across more areas will mean more people will buy tickets for single days and you wont get the same people turning up, this means the tickets can be sold at a higher price due to people not being able to go to group and finals days for obvious reasons. the alternative reason which would still generate large amounts of profits, is to create a larger interest in the SEA area, show them that it is something they can all achieve and inspire the younger players to continue.
1	Not trying to be an ass, but basically what youre teaching people in this vid is go risk giving first blood by doing a really risky invade and use your w on nidalee to save money on early wards/ not get level 2 ganked. While i can see that some people might not use w to a great extend with nidalee throughout the game, your video isnt gonna improve that by a whole lot. When youre going to talk about Bushwhack, emphasize how important it is to place it all the time throughout the game but also emphasize that it does not replace wards. Maybe try to explain how it helps you lane on toplane and that in some situations, an enemy stepping onto a bushwhack early can open up possibilties for an aggresive trade or even an early kill because of theire shredded resistances. Maybe go a bit into detail about common bushwhack places for toplane, trapstacking and how you can even help out other lanes after you went there to roam. Overall, the video was too short to cover nidalees W and it didnt teach me how to abuse anyone, neither my lane opponent nor the enemy jungler.
0	It is infinitely easier to be "clever" when you have an infinite amount of time to come up with something "witty" before you decide to make your submission. Being clever/witty on the Internet usually is devoid of what  actually  being clever/witty is all about - Impressive/inventive dialogue that is mostly so impressive because of how  quickly  you are able to produce it (a matter of seconds vs minutes, hours, days, weeks)
0	I served for 6 years, and I can tell you that (although statistically the cases of reported sexual assault aren't higher in the armed forces) the military spends a LOT of time trying to deal with this issue. Probably 4 times a year my unit would do a weekend of POSH (Prevention of Sexual Harassment and Assault) training, and it was basically harped on us over and over again even though my unit never had a reported case while I was there.   I can tell you that the Army feels that 1 rape is 1 too many, and that it's filled with men and women just like you and me. We wouldn't stand for that shit if it happened, it's not like we "bro-rally" together and defend a soldier accused of rape. It still happens, unfortunately, but if you think for a second that there aren't people exclusively tasked to fighting sexual assault and harassment you're wrong.
0	OK, I'll define 'Good' for you; Rescuing three fellow human beings and a child from a decade+ of captivity, rape and fear of death ..when others refused to get involved.   We cannot truly comprehend what he did for those women, out of an inherent instinct to HELP. When it kicked in, he reacted.   THAT alone makes him a good person.   Everyone deserves a chance at redemption; including this man.
1	Considering your question asked for a team of Western players and not the best players from the west in each position I believe this team would be the strongest:   Top: Dyrus.  Highly consistent and constantly adaptive, Dyrus has the makings of an elite world-level top laner. His champion pool consists of supportive style, tank style, and even carry style so he would have no issues fitting on pretty much any team.   Jungle: Crumbzz.  A surprising pick, I actually believe that Crumbzz would fit on the team I am building more so due to his relaxed and mature personality as well as his supportive style of playing. He never really is the one to step up and carry the team from the jungle, but he makes incredible use of his gold and invests heavily into his laners with warding that is pretty much unmatched in the Western scene. As well, I believe Crumbzz would make a good shot caller given the right circumstance.   Mid: Bjergsen.  Froggen is certainly the stronger proven talent, however Bjergsen is younger and could easily be placed in a conversation with Froggen. Bjergsen's a natural leader and mechanical genius with great knowledge of the middle lane. Putting these all together makes for an easy pick for the top 3 mid laners of the west. Why him over Froggen, though? Because I believe that Bjergsen would be more willing to give up the shot calling position to another person on his team than Froggen would be. As well, I believe that removing him from that position of responsibility allows Bjergsen to shine as THE carry of the team as he would likely demand.   ADC: Rekkles.  Certainly the best talent the West has seen in terms of ADC and his youth and drive to compete makes him a person willing to join these established veterans in an attempt to make the strongest team. Rekkles seems like the consistent ADC that this team would need. Not necessarily the person that will go for the big play, he will if it is asked of him and his talents and skills lends to the ability to do it.   Support: Xpecial.  Consistently considered one of the best supports in the West, his wide champion pool and incredible mechanical skill are added to his long-time status as a professional. He is calculated in his aggression but that does not mean he is not willing to go on the offensive. Rarely getting caught out, a support that can be counted on to perform his job phenomenally Xpecial would likely be a shining pillar on this team.   This team combines the new with the old perfectly. And the team would have solid leadership from someone no matter what is going on and with the consistent style of these players we would likely only see losses in situations where the team was out-picked or simply beaten overall on a mechanical level. The team play from this squad would likely make for the best NA or EU would ever see.
1	I would be careful with your ap rammus build.  It may seem overpowered but you can get shut down pretty hard by compentent players.  Also his AP scaling isn't really that great ( 65/130/195 +0.30 AP to your ult).  In teamfights you might not do too badly because people won't necessarily think to focus you down (although good players will be watching your build and think your an easy kill), however in the laning phase you  will  get zoned out and get absolutely no farm, and neither will your dual lane partner if you constantly have to base.
1	Mumzy. Why don't the noobs just win more games and carry out of bronze?   Because darling, they belong there. If they were good they wouldn't be in bronze. They like to say that an abundance of trolls and retards in the bottom end of the spectrum causes wild and imbalanced matches, but really its because they suck. I mean think about it. If they were good, that must mean the other team has a higher chance of getting 5 bad people and they only getting 4   But why don't you take in consideration that the other team has a good player? Isn't that a pretty arrogant assumption? Until RIot releases data on where the most toxic players propagate, how can you say confidently that anyone going into a ranked match at low elo has better than 50% chance at getting less trolls than the other team?   They're Bronze Elo Scrubs.   Oh! Thank you Mumzy! And thank you for duoing with me and helping me place in silver 1. Those bronzies are so stupid!   EDIT: I'm not bronze but played enough games to know that it's bullshit to assume being good is the only thing affecting whether you win or lose. Trolls are not afker's, afker's are not noobs, and noobs are not trolls. You deal with a lot of shit at that elo and if you lose too many game early on, it's incredibly hard to climb out, regardless of what you personally think from your Gold pedestal.
0	This is the exact process I go through, for all of my classes. I'm nearing my mid 20's now, and am taking school "seriously" (meaning show up and just slog through the ridiculously easy content, {barring my CISCO classes...those classes are no joke}). The look of pain on a teacher's face when absolutely no one in the class is seeming to be able to grasp the concept enough to spark the conversation necessary to broach the next topic, is just hard to see.   It's just hard to see them actively trying to help the students who honestly don't know yet, or are too stupid to understand, yet no one in either of those categories is willing to actively participate in class, is what pushed me into the same logic as you. If you won't talk, and the lecture has stalled out because it required some participation, then yes, I will in fact raise my hand and give them the answer so that they can continue to do their job, and I make sure that I get to my next class having actually used my brain instead of just machine writing notes that will barely get looked at.   If you participate in class, you only need notes over specific things. Your participation actively engages you in the conversation, and forms more connections in your brain about the subject, because more of your brain is actively working on the topic.
1	Here is an actual scenario, you go to board your flight the plane has issues so you wait a bit longer. Most Airlines would give out flight voucher. Why? Because you still have to pay to get back and they still make some money while not being a dick.   My problems with Riot are...   The problemS are not fixed, but they already decided not to compensate.   They print money, if they gave everyone enough RP to buy 1 skin what would that do? Nothing, it cost them a little in getting it distributed but past that there are no additional cost.   It isn't just log in issues but multiple champs have become nearly unplayable, Moakai, Lee Sin, Nocturne, are just a few that suffer from this bug.
1	I personally practice in normal games because I feel that you really don't get the full experience in customs. Bots aren't like people and therefore won't give you the same matchup and in turn I just feel like I'm wasting my time in normals.
1	Congrats mate! Bronze wasn't easy to get out of, cauze mostly it is, like you learned, a matter of state of mind most of the time.   You'll find silver a bit less toxic. I personally feel me and my silver teammates understand we're not that good, and since I'm in silver, I get the feeling everyone really is focussed on their own game, and not pointing fingers.
0	When I was 19, I eloped with a guy I knew my family did not approve of. So being a dumb teenager, I just didn't tell them for a while even though I've always been really close to my family. When I did tell them, it was a real shitstorm of epic proportions. My mom said she would disown me if I didn't get an annulment ASAP. They calmed down eventually and my marriage ended "naturally" 20 months later because guess what? That guy was a real fucking asshole. 13 years later, I'm remarried to a wonderful man who my family adores and just had our first child. Life could not be better.
1	Every single post with some fanart has "HIRE THIS MAN/WOMAN"!!   Guys, it takes a lot more to be an artist at Riot than just sketching or producing a splash for a champion. You need to be able to handle animating and modelling as well. You're also competing for a job with incumbent legends like IronStylus, who is completely irreplaceable.
1	Do we really have to trough the same stuff every singe patch?   Riot nerfs some of the most popular champions every patch so the game can stay relevant. This forces players to look for other better champions and some surprising picks show up ( pant jungle was a big surprise, lulu mid, kayle support etc. ) This is all done so the game can stay relevant and constantly changing so it doesn't become boring to watch. Even if they do not admit it this is the reason they are doing it, not because X is way stronger than Y. Ofc there are those cases ( kassadin) where a champion is blatantly overpowered but they are not that common.
1	It is intended. It's like saying Morgana/Kat shouldn't be able to ult just because they have no vision of the target. If it's an AOE ability then it'll deal damage to an area. It's like saying Rammus' ult shouldn't deal damage with no vision. Or that Zac ult shouldn't knockup if you have no vision. Hell, it's like saying Sion's shield shouldn't deal damage on explosion if they're in a brush. All intended behavior.
1	A. Not used much in recent tournaments. Many LoL players simply follow the latest "meta" that the tournament players use. See: Shyvana jungle, Urgot bot lane.   B. Ugly. His is a face only a mother could love. No nice skins, no cool visuals. See: Shyvana dragon-form, Udyr running zoo, Mundo burning aura, Maokai cute Christmas saplings, Lee Sin flashing around.   C. "Neglected" by Riot. Hasn't appeared in patch notes much recently. No changes to his kit means less discussion about him.   D. Seemingly boring kit. Has only 2 damage dealing spells, both without flashy animations. Animation for bite is so fast you'll miss it if you blink. No real animation for Agony. Basically, players can't "see" that they're doing damage. Visual for Contaminate is barely visible, making his Pillar the only really noticeable spell. And it doesn't do damage.   E. The biggest things about Trundle are all more-or-less invisible. His passive, which gives him crazy sustain whether in lane or in the jungle is invisible. His Q's AD-stealing effect is invisible. His R's armor and MR stealing is invisible.
1	Hijacking top comment/possibly answering a lot to do with this actual comment. I was the manager/analyst/coach (disbanded recently, after internal/attitude and motivation issues within the team) of one of the top level Oceanic teams (I'm not looking to start a debate on whether this is equivalent to Bronze on Korea and Gold on NA, just the top of my scene.)   My advice for wanting to help out any other team/become any of these positions is to be good at them all. Furthermore, I went as far to write a mock resume of sorts, including the reasons why I'd be a good candidate for the position. This included discussing previous experience/connections with eSports and League, my writing/English skills etc etc. I sent this to a particular team I'd watched play enough in online tournaments and competitions and was friends/acquainted with one of the players.   From there I learnt quickly about all the necessary skills you need to manage a team, things like media managing, social networking, contacting sponsors and scheduling practice. The list continues, but basically this tangent was to suggest that there is a variety of things you'll need to be able to do (from my experience, anyway.)   So
1	You should have think before you started to flame.
1	Actually jungle mains probably get the most blame in league imo, cause it so easy to blame them for not ganking. Also when I first started playing league I got a lot blame whenever I played support and didn't ward, I learned how to peel because me team chewed me out about it, and I had an adc leave our lane becuase I didnt suicide to save him. In fact I think the role that gets the least flack is the top later.
1	I find  that most of the "Hardcore" LoL players are a bunch of socially inept, awkward, runt-of-the-litter type kids that need a place to vent their frustrations about their underwhelming position in life.
1	Yeah, I've had some good games with her, but it's through recognizing her strengths and weaknesses. She's not a particularly good carry in the sense that if you concentrate on farming and then show up to teamfights to DPS from the back with 3 major items, you'll just straight-up get outcarried by a traditional carry. Quinn's abilities and range just don't translate well into that environment.   Her laning is pretty decent, though. Whether she's bot or mid, she has potential to win trades with burst from Harrier, Q and resetting Harrier with her E. Major thing is to be careful of how you use Vault, especially in a 2v2 scenario.   In all of the games I've played her, I've tried to snowball off of smart all-ins on my lane and start roaming and ganking other lanes. Look for small skirmishes, take advantage of her W in the jungle and look to catch people off-guard with ult. E+Q+BotRK (if you have it)+Ult burst is pretty cray.
0	Well, if hospice was planning to give Grandpa a lethal injection years before nature would have taken its course and lots of people were glad about that because they falsely perceived him as an angry old man that bites people to death despite mountains of evidence to the contrary then yes. Just like that.
1	Wickd, because all though some people in the usually spammy chat on twitch complain about not being able to understand him, his play style is good, he talk a lot, doesn't rage just gets over it quickly and has an interesting play style that will teach you, not how to dominate and shit-stomp top (like some demanding fans desire) but how to win it by being careful, farming and winning your lane.   Long sentence was long.
0	As most people have alluded to, talking to customers is part of the business. Humans are social creatures and the majority of people don't mind talking to someone else. By talking, the hair stylist has an opportunity to create a relationship with his/her customer and if the customer likes talking to that stylist, then they are more likely to come back to them or specifically ask for them. It also allows the hair stylist to perhaps suggest hairstyles that are more suited to the customer's personality/lifestyle. Obviously, the customer can direct the stylist into the style he'd prefer, but the stylist is the professional and in the end, it really does depend on how he perceives the situation and what is optimal course of action. And more to that point, if you are quiet, then you probably are not as likely to even direct the stylist (since you know, you're too quiet) which can lead to a customer that although may not hate the cut, won't love it either. I find it much easier to suggest or direct my hair stylist when we are already talking rather than abruptly saying "What are you doing?"  It's way cheaper and results in more stable income if you  retain customers rather than have to constantly seek out new ones. If I were a stylist and some random customer came in, asked for a haircut, said nothing throughout the experience, paid and just left, then I would not feel confident that the person will come back as opposed to a customer that just happened to share my passion for Mongolian throat singing and talked to me about it throughout the entire haircut. In one instance, the stylist is just a faceless, nameless, replaceable service in the situation, they can become something more.  Obviously, there are some people who prefer to be silent and some stylists will pick up on that, but it's a much safer strategy for the stylist to first assume that you prefer conversation and then alter the strategy depending on the response. I'm normally a reserved and quiet person, and it's very easy for me to slow a conversation down entirely simply by the attitude I choose to have and I've done that numerous times with past hairdressers, coincidentally, more often than not, I used to leave my hairdresser not entirely satisfied with the hair cut.
1	Quinn's isn't really random (anything at anytime can happen), it is simply a set of rules like those funny diagrams that ask questions and depending on the answer you advance or go back.   However any information or methodology has not been released about Zac, even more if there is a formula at all and it may truly random. Regardless of random or not it has already been discussed and reached subninja.   So then this discussion turns into unsatisfying play, but considering Quinn who is a released champion has similar "if/then" commands as does heimers turrets, or interaction of GA/ZIlean/Yorick, and by the other many comments of other players about her passive it seems to have little application. Zac is a PBE champion that is still a work in progress, so understandably this would be good for PBE discussion, but it isn't practical considering his final iteration that will hit live isn't even out yetXD.
1	1: No ability to remake     If someone doesn't like their composition or role, they can just disconnect at the beginning then, making people want to remake. But because you can't perfectly discern whether they did this intentionally, you cannot punish them for it.     2: Objectives leashing back randomly     I don't know how it's programmed but the monster should have a list of aggressors stored on it's object and its AI should just switch to the next one down the list if they're within a short range. It probably actually does this already. Maybe it's melee range and that's why it fucks up because melee range is so small and sometimes the jungler is just slightly outside of it? I'm shooting in the dark here with some development experience.     3: Randomness in general in a competitive game     You're right that can lead to unfair snowballs. I don't know if the game would be as fun without it, though. People really, really enjoy those lucky procs. At the end of the day it's a free game. It's only happenstance competitive for now. At some point that may change. There's so few people in the competitive scene versus how many players on league of legends, they would probably lose money removing that randomness due to dissatisfied players.     4: Inability to pause the game     Agreed.     5: Useless casters     Not all of them are bad like that, and I think there's probably a lack of interconnection between the players that are capable of that kind of casting and the staff that organize and run these events.      6: No voice in chat     Very controversial decision. On the one hand it makes team communication possibly easier. On the other hand it can enables another venue for harassment/trolling. They probably are talking about this. A big issue I can see is that they cannot keep an audit trail because recording audio for millions of players would far surpass their budget, and that would be their only evidence for tribunal cases involving verbal harassment.      7: Lack of Utilities and customization in the client     They already made extra money from a banner customization. This may be seen as a stepping point for future profit.     In all likelihood they might not have engineered the client to be very supportive of modding in the first place.       8: Current meta discourages ganking     If you blow someone's flash you can just gank them again soon after, using your own flash to secure a kill. I think you're focusing in on a really small subset of matches.     I don't know that I think it really discourages ganking, but one thing I think that might be able to encourage more ganking is if you made towers do more damage to minions than to players. That way if you push someones wave to their tower it really makes them guaranteed lose out rather than many champions being able to safely farm at tower.       9: Current ban limit is too low     The strategy designers I'm SURE talked about this for hours, and having more bans may result in several negatives:     1.) ban all the counters to your champion, while still being able to ban the FOTM. Instant guaranteed advantage for you.     2.) More people dodging as their favorite champs are more likely to be banned, which makes your game wait time take longer.     In regards to the final thing you mentioned, there are many many many more uncompetitive LoL players than competitive ones. Increasing the time it takes for your game to start will likely make more people unhappy than not-- even on ranked.       10: Terrible Shop UI     My guess would be that this is in the works and might be released for the launch of Season 3. They may have other things to worry about that are taking up the time of their designers/developers.     11: Dumbed-down concepts     I think flash brings just as much to the table as it takes from it. Flash enables you to capitalize on mistakes just as much as escape your own busts. I think that one get-away free card makes for games that are less snowbally. This ties back into the problem with snowballing. If you lack escape mechanisms as a champion you're much less likely to be viable in high level play because one mistake means your tower is gone and 750 gold for the enemy team.     You can deny minions from your opponent through physical aggression or pushing their wave to their tower. Doing this makes you more susceptible to ganks usually but ward vision gives you more of a confidence in doing so, as well as knowing where their jungler typically is, based on timers. Your jungler can also camp the lane with you while you deny minions and give you a positional advantage during a counter-gank. I think denying is very prevalent and important to high level play.       12: Snowballing is too strong     I don't really know much about this. My thought would be what's the % of wins in starcraft, chess, dota when people make a few mistakes early in the match?     13: Not currently satisfied with the rules regarding dodging     Definitely a tough problem. I think it was okay how it was with the elo penalty now that disconnects are mostly removed from champion select.     14: Fanboyism     I don't know how to respond to this. I feel like it's in every game anyway but maybe Reddit poorly emphasizes the wrong parts about it.     15: Itemizaton is too simple     This is actively being worked on i'm sure of that and we'll see something in season 3.
1	It used to be "0 ganks bot, noob jungler" when they pushed all game, im kinda immune to that one now tho. My new annoyence is when people tell me what items i should start with, "scepter is much better start on noc noob". Well if i start boots and pots i can gank mid at lvl2 and be sure to get that flash, stfu and mind your own buisness.   EDIT: I also hate when bad players get fed, i mean like realy bad players who got some feeder in his lane and just got lucky. Then he starts to rage at the other team calling them noobs and being a dick. Then he goes rambo late game and turns his 10-1 to 10-10 and loses the game. Doesnt matter if he is on my team or theirs, just as annoying.   Just thought of another one, support that takes kills and writes "haha" after, like they think its funny that they just took first blood instead of the AD. Yesterday i had 2 games with ks support, the first one was a Sona that got 9-0 while i as ashe was very underfarmed. And everytime he got a kill he would say "lol, autoattack haha", its okey if it happends once or twice during a game, but this was retarded. We ended up loosing the game since i was useless without any kills at all, and Sona writes in chat "I cant carry this"...  I had another Sona yesterday that did the same thing, he went 6-0 while i was at 2-0 with ashe, and again he thinks he is winning the game for us.   Then something wonderful happend, the other team got a sona like that, he got freakin 10-0 in bot lane (i was mid), then he wrote in chat "And they wont let me  AP Sona mid...". The rest of there team was pretty evenly farmed, i traded equally with malz mid and top was about the same, only their sona was super fed and our bot was pretty much dead. We ended up winning anyway since they had no dmg in the teamfights, sona is a good poke champ, but but she does nothing late game. So as they where loosing sona goes "Noobs team, i cant carry this", then i had to rage at her a bit, if there ad got those 10kills early the game would have been over, but since retard sona took all the kills we didnt have to worry at all.
0	But the wrx and mustangs are so similar he was just trying to find people in the same genre. Wrx has all wheel drive and great handling. The only other car that comes to mind when I think great handling is 90's era mustang.   That bad tag probably has more to do with the seller thinking the only reason everyone doesn't have a mustang is because they couldn't find one or afford one. Probably not the same as tags completely unrelated purely to generate traffic. Mustang owners tend to be sure of their superiority.
1	After lvl 20.... All champions are still viable, and really dont let anyone tell you otherwise.   The mind is a powerful tool, it will convince you that it is your champions fault that you over extend or that you died. It isn't until the 1500 elo mark where champion's begin to factor, and that could be a long way for a young account.
1	Yep, as another player with over 1k nidalee games, bruiser nid is LITERALLY in the worst spot she's ever been in. All of her top-lane matchups suck, and she doesn't have the defensive stats or itemization to go toe to toe with any other bruiser. Toplane nidalee as AP is still very viable (and incredibly obnoxious, with roughly the same split push strength as old bruiser nid, esp if you get a lichbane early), but even since the tear nerfs and the manamura changes, ad nida just isn't viable. She was at her prime in late season1/early season two when wriggles was cheap as shit and gave 15% lifeseteal, then when they nerfed wriggles she was still a pretty strong duelist who could benefit from a couple dorans blades into an early trinity force. In s3 after the removal of defensive stats from cougar, I had the most success with a glass cannon assasin build utilizing BOTRK and manamura to just instantly dump your 2k mana into extra damage from the muramana active.
1	Nobody will read this but I feel like posting xD I've had a total of 3 accounts on NA. I got perm banned on my very first acc after a year of playing, I was very toxic and never got anything over a 3 day ban so I didn't care. One day perm banned. I was very angry but still wanted to play . 2nd account was perm banned within 3 months. That's when I realized im basically toxic almost everygame at that time. I took and still take league VERY serious in ranked. Only been banned once now on my 3rd acc, and I've seen improvement in my play! First acc only was silver 3 or 2 before banned. 2nd acc was gold 5. Was gold 5 the entire time till I was per banned. When you're toxic to your team it does effect there play. They care less if they win then, might afk, feed, or just not give it there all because of what YOU said/did. Now on my 3rd acc I got placed silver 1 season 3, soon as season 4 started I went from silver 1-plat 5 in 1 week. Not only because I was actually a decent player but instead of being toxic I either said nothing or I encouraged my team when were behind, said great job, didn't rage if mistakes happend, and I always mute the other toxic players and have my team do the same.  You could be winning a game with a 5-15k gold lead with almost no chance of being able to lose, but as soon as someone starts being toxic it really decreases the chances of winning I think. And I think that because from someone who's been 800 elo in early season 2 I believe, all the way to plat 2 promos at my peak in season 4, I've always noticed in division 5 of bronze, silver etc..most people that are stuck in the bottom of there division are more toxic. And they don't seem to climb. Even from my personal experience it seems true when I could never leave gold 5, till I got my 3rd account and tried not to be toxic.
1	Firstly, I'd like to start by saying that I found Team Builder to be very positive experience.  I have a sufficient number of champions that I often forget what I like to play and need a decent amount of time to remind myself of what's available.  The most stressful part of champion select for me was to find my champion, while also trying to keep up with whatever is going on in the chat, then quickly change my summoners/runes/masteries all while on the clock.  Having that time limit removed makes the start of the game much more enjoyable for me.   But this is my only comment on Team Builder after playing it.  First I queued as Morgana support in bot lane and the queue was quite long.  In fact I left after half an hour, deciding that breakfast was perhaps a higher priority right now.   What would make this experience a lot more positive for me is to know (in some way) what the hold up is.  Like if you're in the line for coffee and it's taking longer than you expect, it's nice to know whether the hold up is due to some old guy explaining the significance of all the coins he's giving to the cashier, or whether it's an incompetent, narcissistic barista who believes no-one deserves his latte art and would prefer to snapchat it to his colleagues over at the sandwiches.  Granted, having this information isn't likely to decrease the amount of time you have to wait to get your coffee, but it might ease your anxiety, or help you make the decision to cut your losses and go somewhere else.   In the case of my Morgana support queue, perhaps no-one wanted a Morgana support, perhaps no one wanted a support, perhaps I was just in a queue waiting to be considered, or maybe I'd been lost in the aether and should try queuing again.  The point is, I didn't have any information that would help me decide whether I should hang on, or perhaps queue as a more "popular" support.   I don't really have any well thought out ways in which this might be done.  Perhaps every two minutes a message appears "sorry for the wait, you're still in the queue to be considered by the captains", or "sorry, but the role/position/champion appears to be in low demand" if you've been rejected by a number of captains.  But the spirit of the idea should be in providing information on where the wait is coming from, just like the other queues approximate queue time clock.   Otherwise I am so excited by Team Builder that I will probably never play another queue again.
0	I did admit that it's a dick thing to do. I don't make the "more money harhar" comment, myself, because I agree we should all do what makes us happy. I got caught up because someone implied I couldn't come up with data on relative incomes based on field; it kind of took off from there.
0	Reminds me of the dumbass I used to work with. I'm a chick(I have a reason for pointing this out). I know my way around guns.   There was a 20 year old boy who worked there who would show up every night. He tried everything to impress me so that I would date him.   One night he showed up and started talking about how a guest left this revolver behind. I absently-mindedly ask him to show me.   The next thing I know, he comes running out of the office with his finger on the trigger and I find myself staring down the barrel of a loaded revolver.   I snatched it away from him and promptly unloaded it. He freaked out and told me to load it because then the boss would know he was playing with it. He couldn't even figure out how to open the chamber on the gun to reload the bullets.
0	I got my phone back this way back in 2006- some idiot stole it from my bag under video cameras at an industry night, review of footage resulted in his manager questioning him- then his brother (I think) takes the phone to a store because I had bricked it, and so the store detected it was reported stolen and upon telling the idiot (?!) he did a runner and I got my phone back. He hadn't deleted any of my stuff but had added his own contacts.  I lol'd long and hard. The original thief apparently left the state because in a small city and industry he was screwed anyway.
1	Man, fabs, you've made a lot of ridiculous posts defending Thorin & his shitty show.   I understand that you like Thorin for some reason, but how can you deny what minos is saying? Thorin barely even plays the game, he is lower ranked than the average viewer of his show, which is just plain sad, and yet he talks to people like he understands the game better than anyone else. It's like watching someone who doesn't even play the game, harshly and constantly criticizing the professionals.   His sole purpose is to cause drama, because it's the only way he can stay relevant with his lack of knowledgeable content. It's about to bite him in the ass though because people are finally catching on - they're starting to realize that they need to boycott all of his content to get rid of him.
0	I just took the young vs old preference test and i have to say that test is biased. As you progress through the test muscle memory begins to develop with a setup were good/young & bad/old are associated. Then soon after they switch them and if it takes you any time at all to adjust to the switch then they say you have a preference to young people.
0	Brevity is the soul of wit."   Adviceanimals memes can trace their origin back to 4chan's "Advice Dog."  Most Advice Dog posts consisted of only four words.  The reason it became so popular and spawned so many similar gags is that they're a very accessible form of humor; most Advice Dogs contained two thoughts, separated by his head, and the humor came from connecting them.   It is a medium's nature to change over time.  Insanity wolf is a good example, with most Insanity Wolf memes spanning about 8 or 9 words.  And that's fine.  Aside from being a little wordier, they retained all the other characteristics: one thought, a picture of the meme's mascot to set the context of the joke (i.e., it's Insanity Wolf, so these shouldn't make sense logically), and a second thought, with the humor being derived from the link between the two thoughts in that context.   The reason that Confession Bear, Actual Advice Mallard, Unpopular Opinion Puffin, etc., are so widely reviled is less because they're wordier and more because they're more complex in general.  For example, Scumbag Steve is constructed:   Setup   Steve's picture for context   Why he's a scumbag   Confession bear is structured differently, usually as:   Setup, what I did   Confession bear for context   Why I feel bad about what I did.   Both of these memes get wordy, but Confession Bear is an inherently more complicated presentation.   That's  why people don't like the stereotypically "wordy" advice animals.  Advice animal memes were popular because they were simple and formulaic, and that formula created a feeling of an in-joke.  Other memes are as just wordy as the ones that get hated on, but aren't any more complex; they still work in the "Advice Animal Meme" concept.  The more complex memes, typically waterfowl and bears, are disliked because they don't work like other memes.
0	This sort of happened to me. When I was 18, I bought myself a car, paid for driving lessons, got my permit, all on my own dime, spent about $5,000 in total. My dad started borrowing my car all the time (I lived with my parents at the time). One day, he got in an accident and totaled my car. I never got to finish my lessons and I never got my driver's license till this day. :(
1	Dont take MR in lane as an AD carry. You take very little magic damage, and a null magic mantle is 24MR for 400g.   And dont take scaling MR as a solo lane, you want flat MR to reduce the damage you take as harass from 1-6. Scaling MR is best for junglers who wont take much/any magic damage until 6+.   Basically, having +13MR at level 1 is better than having +13MR at level 9. After level 9, purchasing additional MR (ie: mercs, wits end, spirit visage) make MR runes redundant and "devalue" the runes themselves because damage reduction isnt linear scaling additive.   The time that you need/want that MR, is to stop and shut down harass from AP champs like Anivia, Annie, Kass, etc during laning phase 1-7.
0	Americans glorify their military and have no reason to do so, while their military is commiting war crimes and destabilizing conflicts. This behavior indirectly encourages waging war and killing people.   --> The undiplomatic version.   Every soldier is a killer and should be convicted as one.   --> The VERY undiplomatic version   (Downvotes incoming)
1	Most people are nothing more than gibbons that learned how to type and only see the bad things that are happening with Riot.   They are constantly complaining about problems, while riot is trying to maintain about 9 worldwide servers (Which is very difficult I might add, it's not like googling your solution and fix it in 2 seconds). Yes EUW has a kit of problems, but they are building a new one in Amsterdam. (Making a datacenter is not like building your own pc which you can do in your afternoon). But people are trying to activly ignore this fact and are just rambling on without doing proper research.   EUW is the (second) kargest server they have, if people are complaining there, THEY'LL KNOW! This us their source of income, they're not going to leave us in the dust. They are trying to fix the server right now while you are typing your rage comments in CAPS LOCK.   League of Legends is a free game that you can enjoy FOR FREE. That you gave Riit half a milion dollar so you can own every skin in the game was your own choice, it's still a free game. If you are complaining that this game sucks and the servers need to be upgraded, go play something else.
0	I almost got fired once for being "racist." I worked at an apartment complex and my neighbor was constantly playing music that would shake my whole apartment. So after several warnings I gave them a fine. He came up to the office and yelled at me for that. After several minutes of arguing he finally yelled at me "You just hate black people!" Being the smart alec I am yelled back "Well, you got me, you figured out the mystery. I hate black people." Immediately realized I should not have yelled that, and to make matters worse, both my manager and assistant manager were black. Lucky for me, a girl (who was also black) I worked with was there and witnessed the whole thing. She backed my story and I didn't get fired.
1	Hey, just wanted to give my 2 cents on this topic. A couple weeks ago I decided to climb from 1300 to 1450. In 2 days, I climbed that elo and it was because of one reason: the time of day I decided to queue. Not to make generalizations and such, but I avoided the early afternoons to late night because I knew that this was when people in high school and younger were on LoL. Trust me, you will experience the difference between queuing in the morning/noon time vs the afternoon/nighttime. Generally I get more mature and less flame-y teammates and enemies when I queue during school hours. 1300-1450 elo is such a toxic elo area where people give up and start raging if the smallest thing isn't going their own way. You want to try to minimize this by eliminating the probability that this will happen, thereby increasingly making the game a test of true skill rather than a war of insults and qq-ing.
0	When I was in eighth grade I was taking algebra and had a teacher who would always get mad at me because I didn't understand some of the concepts. One day near the end of the year, he told me to come outside and I was confused. He told me "Get your shit togther, you are a stupid ass kid. You probably don't have a future, blah blah blah" I zoned out because the first line really got me. All I wanted to do was just punch him in the face. Then I eventually filed a report in the office. He denied it. Then he told them I cussed him out. I got kicked out of his class.
1	Copy pasta from when i commented on a similar thread:   3 favourites are Zyra, Fiddle, Thresh.   Zyra - pretty much got to gold with exclusively support zyra and fiddle but zyra will always be my comfort pick for mid or support.   High damage(even after nerf), Great engage/disengage, plants for vision when low on wards or you want to check, a bush before you ward it, high carry potential by makin good team fights with your roots and ulti, when ahead can go haunting guise for damage to add another target that the enemy team can focus.   Fiddle- Fear is stupidly good in-lane cc and makes for great mid-late game pick potential, ulti has great damage and you can engage over walls for huge plays, if you can afford a zhonyas without sacrificing vision it makes you an insane late mid/late threat.   Thresh - Great cc, awesome adc peeling/engage, banned a lot and i sometimes fall prey to lee sin syndrome, where you follow up on hitting q's without thinking whether it's a good idea first.
1	Honestly though, at least it gets to the point. Some articles seem to start with 8 paragraphs of geopolitics before they tell you the
1	they actually analyze NA instead of just act like NA is shit and constantly compare them to Korea.   Im going to disagree with this part here. I like FB too for having a more NA themed aspect to the show and finally more analysis! However ,I dont think they really compare the leagues/games all that much when they were going over individual games in each respective league. In fact, Korea always got its own segment of the show toward the end where it was all/only things korea. Also, Im going to disagree that they just called NA shit. Maybe Thoorin (iirc he would still actively participate and give meaningful thoughts while also poking fun)  but while Monte was coaching with CLG he would talk about their match ups and take some time to analyze the teams at the top half of the league and talk about potential scenarious that may shake out. This is especially noteworthy because  there really just wasnt a host of content choices, especially like talk shows, for meaningful analysis on pro leagues like NA/EU LCS, and this was one of the only pieces of content I personally could use to try and get any deeper look. I think the reasoning behind this makes sense too because if we look at the bottom half of the LCS for a lot of the summer split we have EG, COL, DIG, and CURSE. Outside of the early DIG run these teams had hopes to be middling at best so just like any middling team in any sport they're boring or their narrative for that season becomes boring. Every sport has this problem where there's franchises/clubs much better than their peers but league is especially bad because with only 8 teams  roughly only half really acquired and utilized meaningful  resources necessary to be successful while others completely lacked Team staff (coaches/analysts) altogether. I realize this is overlooking the funding aspect when measuring indicators for success but that is another topic for another day on the fledgling league teams/orgs.
0	My friend gave me this advice and it works like a charm. Those douche bag guys get the girl not because girls love douches but because douche bags think they are they are the greatest thing to walk the planet earth and girls like confidence.  Now I'm not saying go around and act all douchey to everyone, but instead of being all mopey about getting shut down you just need to realize she didn't recognize the greatness that is you.  Additionally, if a girl serves up a bullshit excuse, call her out on it and you'll be able to get away with your self respect. I got the girl I'm seeing right now as a result of this. I flirted with her all night at a party and she made me put my number in her phone only to have her friend tell me she has a boyfriend. I walked up to her and said, "You have a boyfriend. I'm not gunna be that guy. You have my number, if you're single you can contact me otherwise, don't bother." and I walked away. Two days later I get a text and it's been going great.
1	I mean, 1. ghost and heal are very good summoner spells in dominion as is upgrading boots considering that as a general rule, movement speed dominates dominion.     moving as a group is not as uncommon as normal's or ranked since there are no real "lanes" you win by taking and holding towers, so do whatever is working to win. Can't explain them having the bear claw icon, except that on occasion I will see everyone (myself included) with that icon while loading for a game. Idk if It's a bug or what, but it happens.  Basically I'm playing Devils advocate here and saying that this is circumstantial, There is evidence that these could be bots, but there is reasonable doubt that they are not.  More of what I've seen from bots are a ton of losses, the same build every time, and most will follow a player. I don't see that from the lolking that you posted.
1	Hey guys, there's this company that says they sell cereal. Well I've bought 10 boxes over the course of 6 months and they never had any cereal in them, just full of roaches. Be careful, do NOT get scammed by these people!"   You: "Lol fuck u where not gonna try and take them down for you im from forechun heheheheh not your personal army and
0	Yes. If I don't feel well enough to go to work, I figure I'll probably feel better with the help of prescription medication. And the doctor (or, more likely, nurse practitioner) usually suggests I stay home the next day or two as well, just in case. So I get two paid days off for the price of a quick trip to the doctor.
1	DAE think that using guides as a jungler is a solid recipe for making a shitty jungler?  As an avid jungler, having a set "route" or "guide" is the number one way to make sure you're not flexible enough to actually do your job.  The other problem I see here is that you are asking for a guide to LEE SIN.  You don't need a guide to jungle lee sin.  You can literally kill any camp at level one with a pull(red would require a good pull but still) and once you're like level 3 the entire jungle is a laugh for you.
1	Mechanical skill of the game and game knowledge itself is completely different.   Morello probably knows heaps about League cause its his job, however he doesn't have the best game mechanics because he is always watching from the sidelines and only plays the game casually. So this guy has great game knowledge with bad mechanics.   On the other hand we can have a godly game mechanics player or someone with insane reaction rates and what-not, but they don't have a single ounce of knowledge on the game. They'll obviously be a complete flop if they only know how the champs that they have played.   Then we have the successful players, reasonable or above average game knowledge with solid game mechanics and know their way around the game. These players take the game more or less seriously compared to the other two groups who haven't taken the game to heart.
1	I just don't fucking understand the theory behind riots' "say we are buffing something but in reality its truly a nerf". If you think Veigar was overpowered and needed to be nerfed, say it. But don't say you are "walking a razors edge" and "giving compensations for DFG" and then have the numbers and adjustments mostly be nerfs.
1	i cant believe you are whining about trick, and not his viewers. trick didnt do shit to personally call you out, its obviously what he does about shit in solo que and you would know it if you have watched his stream before. the second message is probably because he is annoyed that you are whining. what can he do lol? he cant suddenly stop all his viewers from cyberbullying you.
1	An interesting perspective, and I agree with you. I see that the culture is behaving and growing as a bubble however. The marketing is towards potential gamers, and they market the tournaments towards existing players. Thus the direction that we are moving at the moment is to some degree working away from the goal of accepting e-sports. But not to all degree since for every new gamer, there is a new potential viewer. And there is still potential for growth.   Even though the feat of making e-sports so immensely popular is Riots doing, I do not believe that LoL is the correct game to take it a step further towards popping the bubble and get interest from outside public. Mostly due to the nature of the game, and its recipe for success. The constant changes are immensely hard to follow if you lack basic knowledge of the game. So I do not believe outwards marketing would be that effective, and could not gain any ground. I believe in a future game continuing the work with a potentially broader market of spectators, that can build on this and work towards way more acceptance.
0	Yeah, I've been going to the same hair person for two years now? I actually look forward to it and we talk in between.  She's actually set me up on a lot of dates with her friends (all pretty attractive) and talked me up enough to them where I have little to do (they take ME home). I guess I am lucky, but seriously, best person for advice and just venting to (cheaper than a shrink).
1	The same bullshit happened when Jackie Lee, one of the few exceptional Magic: The Gathering players lost to a man playing for the Grand Prix: Baltimore championship. She took second because of this loss in a ridiculous match that came down to a very tense rubber match.   Doesn't matter that she beat out over 1000 men in that tourney, twitch chat blew up with "get back in the kitchen," as well as some AWFUL slurs toward the female gender.
1	This is an obscenely good item for Vlad, Rumble, Morde and Kennen, regardless of the 5 mana regen. Start with this and spell vamp masteries/runes, and you have 11% Spell Vamp at the beginning of the game - making Revolver moot in his core build. From there, he can rush some other items that will spike his growth like Haunting Guise, making him even stronger than he already is.
1	I have dreamed about going pro like almost the whole last year. But I kinda gave up on going pro because our team disbanded and i just ain't a really good teamplayer if I have to play with random people. I ain't the bitching all game type of guy , but i just don't give like the max i can in solo q. I don't say i'm above 99% of the players but i  ain't really bad. Like u said. We also had a team similar to urs in the FPS game . we were all 1400-1500 elo but we were doing good as a team, we played some tournaments (like go4lol) and similar and came like in 8th place quite frequently. But then we kinda just started arguing and gave up pretty much ( plus not to be a jerk or something but we had a REALLY REALLY bad toplaner, if we'd switch himwe could potentially be good, but we were all friends so we wouldn't kick anyone of the team).
1	I am not sure if korean teams have problems closing games against stall teams after the meta ruled out that possibility. Let me point out Frost v. EG in IEM World Championships as an example:     EG makes picks good for stall like anivia   Frost sends their bottom duo to mid, gives blue to gragas (a pick that can displace=force people to get caught out) for 1v2 lane   Shen jungle is picked by cloudtemplar to put global pressure   EG fails to react to the objective control brought on by shen's global presence and gragas' ability to separate and pick off key members, and loses the game hard very quickly.     GPM will not drop, because stall comps simply aren't viable if the opponents know what they are doing. SKT T1 #2 is also better at closing games than frost (as seen in their games against blaze in OGN) so I doubt that european teams will be able to stall against them. On the other hand, every european team except gambit and fnatic have problems closing games against teams (needless to say, NA teams all have this problem in varying degrees). It is also worthy of note that gambit and fnatic are both susceptible to this mid lane swap brought on by the chinese and top korean teams at the moment, since darien/soaz are comparably weaker than most top korean and chinese top laners. Bottom lane duos are generally stronger across the board, and barring diamond, the junglers in EU/NA are unexceptional in objective control and map pressure with more than 1 champion.   Unless the western meta updates itself to dynamic lane swaps shown in asia, they will 100% fail to stall assuming equal or higher skill of the opponents (e.g. SKT T1 #2, iG, KTB, Blaze, WE, Frost)
1	1... I feel like any such "thank you Riot" posts and "Congratulations to [ whoever the hell just did a thing ]" are just... Nice? There's enough flame and indifference in-game. Letting the company know that we appreciate what they do actively encourages them to continue working hard for the game and it's customers. The guys at the top might be rolling in it but that doesn't mean anything to the people at the bottom. It's EVERYONE involved in the developers that make the games we love that we admire and if we want them to continue to push the boundaries and make it better, they have to want to do it for us.
0	Agreed. Sometimes buying the most expensive is just paying for the brand, and less for the actual quality of the speakers. Performance products such as Bose and high quality Sony are exceptional, but if you purchase Beats by Dre, etc, you're wasting your money. I work as a sound engineer, and the specs for some $60 headphones match the highest quality Beats, retailing for $300. Look for the deals, look for the amplification quality and the frequency range. Honestly, most regular people won't be able to tell the difference in quality as long as the frequency response is relatively clean and they are well constructed. /rant
1	Sry for bad englando, pls don't copperino pastarino.   Now to your topic. What helped me getting along with flaming teammates, is to simply ignore them. If their verbal abuse feels disruptive to your gameplay then don't bother ignoring them. That's why Riot implemented that nice little button when you press Tab. There's a reason why people say: "Don't feed the troll." If you even show the slightest bit of reaction to their misbehaviour, they will shitstorm the hell out of you. It's exactly what they want. They want you to give them anything they can use as a reason to flame. They want/need the attention. So even by telling them sto be quiet in a polite way, you show them that their flame actually bothers you. And that encourages them to continue on and on.   Hope that helped a bit.
1	We can all try and be mature but sometimes that 0-8-0 mid that says he doesn't care if we lose sinve "we deserve it" and keeps on feeding intentionally is just going to make you think horrible things. There are so many people playing the game that even through reports and ignores you will time and time again confront that person who is angry at the game and feels pride about being better than you. Let them have it. I'm not even diamond but people still occasionally expect me to carry as a plat player 1v5 no matter what they do. I fail, I get flamed, I learn, I get over it. Play the game to have fun or play the game to get better YOURSELF. You can try to tell people advices if you feel they're "dragging" you down but be polite. They will respect you more if you say "Try to group as 5 and push top" instead of "Fucking noobs go top fgts". If they don't want your advice then don't give it.   Seriously I understand the frustration of getting smashed and flamed by other players especially if you're just looking to play 1-3 quick games but soloQ is about improving your play, not the play of your team. No matter what the enemies or your allies say, you can MAYBE take the critique or if you don't want to, just ignore them.
1	Challenger MMR helps. In other words, credibility. If I'm learning a new champion, like Jayce for instance, I'm going to go watch JustJayce. The reason people watch streams, generally, is to learn. No offense, but I value the opinion of someone in D1/Challenger over that of someone in low plat. A big part of streaming is credibility in my opinion, because that is the only way the masses will listen, and be entertained.
1	I live and breathe for your
1	It is actually. &#3232;_&#3232; When psychologists treat someone with a phobia, they use exposure therapy to help lessen the severity of it. People who suffer from severe arachnophobia often can't even look at a picture of a spider without experiencing extreme anxiety and fear. When they're being treated, the first step in exposure therapy is then trying to desensitize them by increasing their exposure to spiders (in this case). They start out slow, say by showing them a picture of a cartoon spider, and they increase from there. Next would be a picture of a real spider, etc. So, yes, fear of spiders on a screen is a legitimate fear for someone with a phobia.
0	Except Kim Jong-Un was not the heir apparent.  He was selected by his father for his loyalty to the Kim dynasty's vision.   North Korea was receiving foreign support but has since lost it because of its nuclear program.   The nuclear program was started, not by Kim Jong Un, but by Kim Jong Il who did not die until 5 years after the first successful nuclear test.   Kim Jong Il did not systematically alienate every trading partner, but instead, strengthened trade with a number of world powers, including China.  It is Kim Jong Un's rhetoric which has destabilized that relationship.   I highly doubt that Kim Jong Un, who has been raised to believe that the United States is the devil, who has lived through decades of arguably failed US invasions (which would certainly be presented this way in NK), who has watched the leaders of these nations brutally killed or executed often at the hands of their own people, would usher in the United States as saviors.  A US defeat would not mean a "graceful step down."   Oil has nothing to do with it.  The US is reluctant to start a war with NK because there seems to be nothing to gain, they have just finished fighting two long and extremely expensive wars, and a nuclear war would be extremely risky and most definitely bloody.
1	Being low elo doesn't  prevent  you from having a good working knowledge of the game, but it's certainly true that the vast majority of low and even medium elo players have no clue wtf they're talking about. Just watch a Q&A with a pro sometime. You have 1600 players coming in there and saying stuff, and the pro players being like, "What? No, that's wrong."   So, you're right. Skill has little to do with knowledge, but high level experience has a  lot  to do with knowledge. Fact is that high elo and professional players play more and have more experience with people playing champions and roles  correctly .
0	Nah it's good. When it happens you can open up a bit. The worst is when you jerk it to long and the soap goes away but you don't feel like reapplying and you end up getting bad friction rash and start bleeding in one spot and the soap gets IN the newly formed opened raw piece of flesh.
0	My father has this little history he likes to tell this one time he saved someone from drowning. The story goes that they were on the beach, and this one person knew barely how to swim, and on that particular day that guy was feeling he could conquer the tides. Basically he starts swimming, and then after a while runs out of breath, and considering the fact that he wasn't good enough to relax in the water, he started drowning.   My father saw this and rushed to his aid, but he has no lifeguard experience, and did not expect the person to try and pull him down, eventhough he is trying to save him. My father was trying to tell him that he is there to save him, all he needs to do is relax, but the person was just going on pure reflexes. My father soon realized that he is about to die with this man, and he snapped.   He punched the dude so hard in his nuts that the guy clinched together, and my father could thus swim with him back to land.
0	as an insurance agent there are a few things wrong with this statement. first off each individual pays a portion into the system. The system is not meant to have prolonged and continued collectors. people just can't consistently get more out than they put in.  Oh, what's that You're bringing up the law of large numbers? this concept is what makes insurance possible and states that through spreading the risk among many we can create a safety net for those of us who need it. this is the backbone of insurance with actual premium coming in at a second to this rule. with the law of large numbers in place (which the government intervention helps make possible) the system is a bit less broken in that employers pay a portion and so do the employees. this ensures that employers that hibitually rely on these services pay their share for creating shitty seasonal bitch jobs. (calling the jobs bitches, not the workers. stay with me here)  Ok, so we have all of this in place and the system works, so thats the big deal? Glad you asked. the big deal is that the system is designed for catastrophic fallback, not prolonged abuse. we all know someone who has worked a cash job when they weren't supposed to. because they were on unemployment or some other situation where they had to hide it. the reasons for this very, and are up for debate. there is also a case by case element but lets just say scamming to get by is both in human nature and sometimes needed.... Where was I...  to be honest im not sure but my point boils down to this. the "i pay for it so i should use it" mentality is bad and toxic. use it if you need it but remember the system is designed to get you back on your feet and annoy the hell out of you till you get back to work.
1	I always liked zion and shiphtur but i always felt that the rest of the team held them back (no hate) and i was kinda sad when they lost relegations. Then they got put as starting on team dig with my favorite bot lane and jungler in the lcs. Litterally made my life
1	I say this a lot in several posts regarding being a beginner in League: Just play bot games.   Story time   I started at the end of Season 1. I quit right away because I was getting thrown apart. I joined again at the end of Season 2.   I played bots games (Beginner) up until level 30. My friends made fun of me for playing Beginner, so I decided to take it up a notch to Intermediate. They still made fun of me. This time, I played normals with them and totally owned -- I caught them off guard.   They were so confused as to how a guy that played Bots all his League career to do so well in normals. Well, once I got the real basics of the game because of bot games, I knew how to use it to my utmost potential.   Playing Normals isn't going to make you get any better any faster. My friend right now plays normals like crazy but he's utterly terrible.   Tip/
1	I had a game this morning that was quite like this.   I'd give you a video link but I uninstalled lolrecorder because it was causing problems with my client :(   I was playing thresh, supporting an ezreal (this is bronze 2 btw... T_T) and the enemy team had a yi/nid bot lane. The yi was really low so ez decided to dive him. Gets the kill but dies to nid, who was also really low. I was still under their turret thinking we were going to kill nidalee as well (see: bronze 2). I take about three tower shots and realize I'm going to die if I don't move.   I walk through their tri brush and put down my ult, then go up instead of down (juked 1st spear). Nid follows me, I walk into bush by their blue. Wait. As soon as Nid walks into the bush, I flay her toward their wolves and run toward dragon. Anticipating a spear, I cut a hard left. Spear flies past me (2nd spear). Nid goes cougar form and i put my lantern on myself. She catches me with her E, but doesn't do enough damage. I run to my tribrush, faking like I'm going to run back up toward mid lane, but cut down instead. Nid buys it, sends a spear sailing up (3rd spear). Nid goes cougar form again and W's toward me. I lantern myself and flay her back, taking minimal damage from W. I am now in that little bush next to double golems, running toward my outer turret. It becomes a game of dodgeball now. No minions, nobody else. I run back and forth, trying to make Nid choose a direction. She chooses right. Or I guess I should say wrong (juked 4th spear).   After all this, Nid is now quite low (~20%) and runs right into Ezreal, who respawned just moments ago and is now back in lane with damage items and full health. Nid tries to run, but I catch her in a Death Sentence and Ez combos her down easily. Their jungler (Gangplank... is this really a thing?) Watched the whole thing and headed bot lane, surely fuming at the "retard noob nidalee can't hit a single spear" intent on picking up an easy kill. He ults around me under the tower, but I scurry to safety. Ezreal's skills all find GP, giving him a double kill.   Nidalee types in /all:   THIS THERHS   IS SO   FUCKIGN   GOOD   I type in /all:   GET   FUCKIN   REKT   class act, I know, but I was so excited and scared and relieved and shocked and all these different emotions coming together that I just sat there for like a minute after I recalled just laughing and freaking out. I think our top laner watched the whole thing happen and was just  like:   no way   oh my god   NO   FUCKING   WAY
1	actually most funny phrases/cliches/etc. come from making a sarcastic remark or gesture that was once taken seriously. a good example would be an inside joke between a group of friends. joey can be talking about band camp and then mark will chime in with a 'that one time at band camp' remark. now no one in the group actually went to band camp with joey, or is even in band, but they all understand the reference and chuckle because they think its a funny reference.   granted this reference is outdated, but its the same thing with the 'wazzzzzzzuuuuuupppppppppp' fad and 'umadbro'. if you didnt do it that doesn't make more mature or cooler than anyone, but more likely a tool that doesn't do something popular just because everyone else does it.   the should explain the 'unfunny' claim. now the dumb part, well sure it can seen as 'dumb'. but most things that are meant to be a joke are dumb aren't they? ever listen to standup? its a story usually about stupid people or being in dumb situations. or the 'ol slip on a banana peel joke. who is actually dumb enough to do that? no one. but if i see someone do it in real life ill laugh my ass off, and that's before checking if they're alright.   now the claim /u/morzan95 made about you being a douche is most likely proven by the fact that a)you seem like a tool and b)have a bad sense of humor and c)are dumb enough to think this post will generate any sort of positive feedback.   now making the assumption you are intelligent then point c would be invalid, as you know it wont make a difference and you wont get any sort of positive reinforcement. in which case you are either a masochist or a troll-neither of which matter
1	I just hate when people call Vayne OP cause of her true damage, when in fact, it only does a fraction of her overall damage.   In fact, her true damage was NEVER nerfed, that's because it was NEVER overpowered, but kids who know nothing of that they talk about, called it OP blindly without having an understanding of game mechanics.   It's not broken due to the fact it requires 3 hits to get it to even work, and its something that is fairly hard to do especially in team fights, any decent player knows that most of Vayne's damage comes from AD, not true damage, and that's why it was never nerfed despite kids calling it OP.   Also, I don't mind anyone stating an opinion, but I do hate it when people talk out of their ass, he says so himself "At least it's not %hp true damage, the thing that made vayne broken.", he just there proved his lack of knowledge, and then continued his argument despite being flat out wrong (he then even said Vayne is now OK, despite her true damage never being nerfed).
0	I agree with the majority of what you said.  People make choices, and they should be responsible for those choices.  However, it's not always an easy choice, and some people aren't equipped to make the right choices at the right times.  Let's use my situation, modified, as an example.  Let's say my parents made enough money that the government wasn't going to subsidize my education, but not enough money to contribute to my education, and instead of roughly $16k in debt, I was looking at $30-40k.  That's a more difficult choice to make, but let's say I made the right one, and I'm in school.  And I'm working, and I'm generally being responsible.  Car accident, and I wheel out of the hospital a month later with more than 100k in additional debt, unable to work for at least another month, and so far behind in my semester that I can only catch up in two classes, and the other three are lost.  Insurance didn't replace my car because it was a beater that I nursed along, and the accident was no-fault.  Time to enroll in the next semester, and my choice is a lot more difficult than it was before.  But I'm responsible, and I take the semester off, work hard to buy a used car, start paying my medical debts, and prepare to start school again.  But I've got a good job, and I'm making good money for being 19.  The boss likes me, and we talk about a promotion in a month or two.  It's even in the field in which I want to work.  So, another semester to pay down some debt, get a promotion, and get some experience.  The promotion's good, and the semesters tick away, and I'm 26 with a wife and a kid.  Looks great!  Who needed school?  I've even almost paid off my first semester, but that life-saving operation is still looming pretty large.  Company folds.  It was kind of a niche company, and lots of things have changed in 7 years in the rest of the industry, but we've been using the same systems since 2001.  No matter where I apply, I'm just not current enough in our industry to compete against recent graduates.  I have to take an entry-level job in a related field and start over.  That was hard on my marriage, and things just kind of fell apart.  I was the bread-winner, and my child support is pretty high.  I'm making less and paying out more.  I've taken on a second job to try to make enough to support myself and my obligations.  I remember wanting that degree, but there's no way I'll have enough time until my kid's 18 and I can stop working so much.  Only 12 more years..  Twelve years later, I'm 42, but my debt is paid.  I'm making OK money again, and I get to keep it now.  What choice do I make?  We're long-past
0	I'd say there isn't enough data to be sure of that. In the grand scheme of things, this is like a small annoyance or inconvenience in the absolutely immeasurable number of factors that go in to making a good relationship.   Maybe the sex is amazing, she could be funny and smart, they might even hold the same opinions on important issues like politics, religion, life goals and plans. They could be perfect for each other in 99.99% of their lives except for this one small habit.
0	Years ago I worked in a liquor store with a lottery machine. You'd get a lot of people who would buy one or two tickets, and then you'd get the Lottery people.   Lottery people are a mean spirited and dumb bunch. The pick 3/pick 4 bunch are the worst of the lot. Make a mistake on a ticket? It's because you are stealing from them. I can't tell you how many times I got yelled at by these people. They literally believe that they picked the right numbers, and that there is some conspiracy to defraud them. I once got told that I mixed up the numbers because I was an undercover state employee, trying to save the state money. There was a woman who screamed at me like I was the dog that bit her child, because it was 11:59, and she had to get her numbers for the noon drawing. Never mind I was mid-sentence with another customer.   Anyway, long ago, when you hit the lottery, you got the pay out as a 20 year annuity. At some point in the mid to late 90s, Maryland switched to giving you the choice of selecting, when you purchased the ticket, whether you wanted a 20 year annuity pay out, or a lump sum payout of about 50% of the prize value. This was a complete nightmare, because you had another question you had to ask people, and another thing you could screw up because you were trying to steal their winnings. It's sometime around the Holidays, and we are super busy with real customers, when a Lottery person comes in. She has the typical scraps of paper with numbers scribbled on them and a big card with more numbers on them. She wants these 50/50 and these dollar/dollar for noon and 50/50 for night, this one for a dollar at noon straight and 50box at night. Pretty typical crap because all of these people have a "system" but if you ask what it is, they get all shitty with you, because you'll steal from them. Anyway, this woman goes through all these numbers and plays and combos and her bill is approaching $100. Right at the end, she asks for a $5 Lotto ticket, to which I have to ask, would you like the cash or the annuity option. She stares back at me, with this sort of horrified, angry, and dumbfounded look, and without a hint of irony, spits back, "Annuity. The state isn't getting half of ~my~ money."
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good but his ult is too unreliable! But he would be so broken if his ult prioritized champions!" Still isn't played.   Now he needs a MS buff because he has no escapes? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would like to have a word with you.
1	I used to love playing ap nunu. Won most of my games by a lot... stopped playing it because it wasn't worth being flamed EVERY.SINGLE.GAME.
1	Indeed, you can find it on the fora. The problem many players including myself have is that they spent all RP and now can't buy anything, because even some new content such as ward skins and summoner icons costs RP. Yes, you will be able to buy new champs/skins, but in my opinion, they should have at least have said something, and let players save some RP for future purchases. New players receive 100kIP and 40kRP if I'm right. Still, they will not have as many champs as I do, but they will be able to buy much more with RP. Unfair, in my opinion. New players can purchase certain things that others can not.
1	How does that make sense as a strategy?   You are making the assumption that Hotshot is so easy to kill that the other team will just try to farm him up top. That's not at all what has been happening and that this is what they intend. In reality Hotshot gets so dominated in lane, and so outpaced that they just leave him as a normal solo lane against their top laner, and they can focus 100% of their energy on mid and bottom. Double can hardly win lane anymore partly because he's getting routinely pushed on every chance possible, and let's be honest, Aphro doesn't shine as a defensive support.   This isn't scapegoating. Does HSGG get  more  blame than he deserves? Yes. The rest of his team isn't playing well, and only two of them really have serious skills to begin with. Aphro is massively over hyped as a support because of his personality, and doesn't have the chemistry with Double in lane that so many think he does. Link is consistently just OK. You don't expect him to dominate, nor get dominated in any particular game, but that's not good enough.   You have chauster who is very skilled, but is also not performing above average anymore.   You then have HotShot who has a massively limited champion pool, will reliably lose lane unless and simply doesn't have the mechanical skill to really do a whole lot for most champions.   You'll notice the champions he tends to play reflect this: Cho'Gath, Nidalee, Karthus, etc.   CLG would be so much better off with a top who could go at least 50-50 in lane, or better. They exist. They could have 3 carries every game instead of 1 carry and 1.5 potential carries with Double's late game ADCs.
0	What pisses me off about this SLUT is she has absolutely NO talent. The only reason she and her family are "Famous" is because she sucked a dick.(Sex Tape). Her father would probably be ashamed if he were alive to see the mess the family has become. She is nothing but a Talentless slut with an Obese ass.
0	I'm more than hapy to pay for the roads i don't drive on as long as they are in my state. I'll be glad to pay for medical research because that helps medical field moving forward which s essential to society as a whole, where universal healthcare and such only help individuals, specifically ones that can't take care of themselves. I do not want to pay for schools at all because public education is a joke, and government has no place in it.   Even with medical care i'd be more than happy to donate money to help others. In general i would gladly spend more than i would now in donations if i had a choice in the damn matter. My problem isn't with helping others or losing money. Although it is an inconvenience i am not that selfish.  My problem is that the government forces you to do such and forcibly takes away money from people who have earned every cent they make. It should be up to me where and how i spend my money.   If that were the case, and they weren't forcibly taking my money, I would love to make donations and spend my money helping people because i enjoy helping people. I just don't think it's the federal government's or the state government's place to force me to do it.
0	This answer is not taking into the account the odds of  actually having this conversation . If you expect today is the birthday of 1/365.25 people, that means there are 19 million people with birthdays today. However, they are not all walking around saying "Happy Birthday!" "You too!" to each other.   The probability stated is the odds that another  particular  person, chosen at random, will have the same birthday that you do, assuming people are born uniformly across the year. Also note that the [Birthday Paradox]( does not apply here, since it gives the probability that  any two people  in a group will have the same birthday  as each other  which is very different then the probability that a particular person has the same birthday as you.   Next, note that the question is "What are the odds of this happening?" This is a tricky question, and subtly different interpretations can greatly affect the outcome. In particular, it depends on what you take as the givens in this scenario. Some other possible interpretations are:     Given OP is in a bar, and it's his birthday, and he has this exchange with a girl, what are the odds that she is cute?     Given that it's OP's birthday, what are the odds that he goes to a bar, and has this exchange with a cute girl?     Given the universal physical constants are what we have measured them to be, and that our knowledge of the laws of physics is correct, what are the odds that the earth formed, and that the exact sequence of organisms happened to mate in order to produce OP and this cute girl, and they lived lives such that they would both be in this exact bar on this exact date, and the situation asserted itself such that they would have a conversation that would lead up this sequence of words being exchanged?
1	figured it was worth a shot since one of the millions of players has to have been in the same boat as me at some point. If I come across a fix, I'll post the script/fix for anyone else.     Also kind of random, anyone else notice a massive FPS drop when using hdmi over dvi?? like the difference of consistent 60fps > ~30fps. no not because of dual monitors vs single monitor, solely because of HDMI instead of DVI.   Had an extra dvi to hdmi cord laying around that was long enough to fit my needs for tonight since the dvi was only 6ft and I need ~8ft so I figured this should be fine. COMPLETELY WRONG. The color pallet is wrong, and the fps sucks in game. Moved monitors into test position with 2 dvi's and it fixed everything.
0	or front common yard as proven by apartment B, which houses three sets of people and various regulars in a shitty one bedroom bungalow across from my nice Santa Monica bungalow apartment, where they take up all parking spots plus invented ones which block mine, make it yard to leave, or just confusing by having a couple sleep in a car at night in one of two spots for three months, with three yappy dogs bark and chase all of my visitors day or night (open front door to small common grass area) and stay up nightly trying to perfect the proper mixture high and drunk every night, yet always getting managing to get it off by a wide margin towards the crazy overboard direction, with the tv blaring to the point of having to have their nightly arguments about nothing of any significance louder than the blasting tv , which nobody is paying attention to other than in the case of live sports (in which case they're screaming a cheer for every single play as if to prove they're following along and have, shockingly, a strong opinions of something, and despite the police's frequent visits for noise complaints only cause one occasionally loudest ever voice (loudest is the best argument winning strategy as proven by all precious debates) bellows for everyone to simmer down less the police come back (something they don't bother actually doing because they cops never actually do anything other than ask again nicely) but the turncoat's window vibratingly loud voice (their would be at actually vibrate if the windows and/or front door were ever actually closed) commands the quorum to quiet down, which nineteen times out of twenty only causes louder yet debate over a topic that, yet again, nobody really cares about; otherwise, I wouldn't hear the argument against it in deep in my rear molars until 5am, or whenever it is I manage to fall asleep living next to them.
1	Somehow I thought this was the
0	Applebees also used to not have dishwashers during their slow shifts.  They would have their servers wash the dishes instead.  Not only is this a major health code violation, but the servers were also only getting paid $2.65/hr in my state to do a job that legally requires minimum wage.  Luckily there was a lawsuit and most of the servers during those times received back pay for the time they had to do this.
0	Folks, he's not been "fired" and he can't be. By definition, someone can only fire an employee. He's not an employee. He's one of thirty owners, sort of like being one member of a board made of thirty people, all of whom are equal in the upcoming voting process. They need 23 owners to vote to remove him, at which point he will be forced to sell the team but still come out way, way ahead of the money he put into it.   As always, it's about money. It's bad for business to have someone who is repeatedly getting hit with accusations of racism and lawsuits for racial discrimination. The other owners know this and they don't want to continue to be in business with this guy. They're almost certainly going to vote him out, which is good because we're finally at the point as a society where it is widely recognized that being an intolerant ass is not acceptable. If what he was doing was acceptable behavior, he might get suspended but he'd be right back there in a year or two. Many redditors might remember [Marge Schott]( previous owner of the Cincinnati Reds, who was much worse and was allowed to return not once but twice before she sold the team.
1	CLG will go 0-3 and liftlift will be replaced by Choax after the second game, with Hotshotgg moving from Top lane, to Mid lane, to ADC by the third game. Aphromoo will have plenty of presence in the lane by playing Leona in every game and continually feeding the ADC double kills only to have the ADC get blown up by season 3 strats left exposed by archaic season 2 mechanics from CLG. After the game BigFatLP will give an interview in which he officially announces that EG has returned as CLG.EU and the entire TPA lineup will be subbing for CLG.NA in the next week of the NA LCS. Meanwhile CLG's website will go down and come back up as a preview website for "The Next Big Thing in MOBA Gaming, Counter Intuitive Gaming" with a JPG of Xpeke's Kassadin backdooring for the win.
1	Okay so what, they report someone and 3 months later they get a notification that a person they reported got punished? What if they've reported 50 people since then? Then you get everyone saying "I've only had one report confirmation in 3 months, the punishment system sucks" and a bunch of complaints about how it's ineffective because the people they report aren't immediately punished.   What does getting a confirmed punishment realistically do to improve the game? Does it make it more likely for the punished player to improve? Not at all. Does it affect the punished player in any way? No it doesn't. Will people be less toxic because of it? Yeah right.   And I know, someone will say "but it builds confidence in the tribunal and other systems that issue punishments" and to that, I respond that it won't make a big difference. Because reports don't become punishments all the time, and furthermore, they don't become punishments immediately, it could very well decrease confidence in the system because people want immediate gratification, not delayed. You just end up with people thinking that if it takes a month for someone to get punished, then maybe the punishment system doesn't work at all! This thread is evidence enough that people don't understand how reporting and punishing work, and there have been countless other things that show how little the community understands it.   You've got the people in this thread suggesting that your reports gain/lose "weight" depending on the quality vs. quantity of your reports, which is already a thing. You've got people who post complaint threads when they see that the guy who intentionally fed once is still playing 3 days later. You've got all the people expecting every script report to equal an instant ban because they don't understand the idea of banning in waves to better combat scripting.   Just a
1	you used the word "fanboy" and you also said "whats the big deal about dyrus" insulting his fans (not fan boys) and saying you dont know why is popular.
1	Make sure you buy it from when to 50% off sale comes (22nd of January).   The IP boost is only worth buying IF you play 6+ games a day. If you buy it 50% off it will be worth when you play 3+games.
0	Interesting NY Times article from a month ago.
0	Something that can only be said by someone who's never juggled wages.   Firstly, you should always pay someone what they're worth +'to your business'. It is completely impossible to pay someone what they are worth, people are invaluable. Inevitably this means that some employees can earn more elsewhere - this is a good thing.   Secondly, there are many companies willing to pay too much for IT staff, out of fear. Competing against such companies on salary alone is pointless.  When I speak to IT students I remind them that an over paid job in a company where they are the only one who understands what they're doing is a recipe for a brief career. To be successful in IT you must surround yourself with people who will teach you and help you to continuously improve - even better if you can contribute to the climate of learning.  Such jobs are worth their weight in gold.   Finally, if your SO was really the only person that understood the systems, then in the medium term the company is better off without her.  Her departure will force them to review their dependencies and ensure that they have the right kind of knowledge capture going forward.  With luck they'll learn from their mistake (which wasn't letting her go).
1	This!   All the players, besides Voyboy, are adults. They are all professional players who have played in a number of tournaments. That being said, they looked at the rules, talked amongst eachother and agreed on a single best of 3 series, giving Dignitas a 1 game advantage.   I strongly believe that Dignitas, having already beat CDE earlier that day, had complete confidence in their chances, only having to win a single game to go to Korea.   They agreed, they lost 2 straight games, and they congratulated CDE. Then, they found a loophole and took any chance they could to replay the series.   Yes, WCG screwed up big time. What they intended to do shouldn't matter, its about what they did do and by their own webpage, it shows they posted it would be Bo3o1. I get that. This, along with other screw ups, is definitely going to screw over WCG's image as an organization. But, tournament organizers will come and go. As ESports continues to grow, new ones will spring up and hopefully they will do a better job.   I personally think however, the more important part of ESports is the community and within it, its players. It sucks that CDE got screwed over. But, think about this...Dignitas may be going to Korea...but they have also now gone from being one of the most loved, community friendly teams, to one of the most hated teams in the matter of a week. THEY agreed to the game, THEY congratulated CDE on the win, and then THEY took a shady route to get where THEY wanted to be. Now Dignitas has to live with that.
0	i agree.  unfortunately, you can't really be besties with the opposite sex if you're straight and in a relationship with someone else.   i mean, there are exceptions, like if you just  know  the guy was so dorky and ugly and smelly that it really was only platonic, then there is a 5% chance that i'd let it fly.   but if i caught even a whiff of a vibe that my wife was attracted to a male friend i would make it perfectly clear that either he goes or we are at a crossroads.  the reality is, people are  constantly  attracted to other people.  it's part of our open human nature.   that's not bad, really. what  is  bad is when we are regularly exposed to people we are attracted to and  start to emotionally engage them .    you don't have to be physical to have an affair. emotional infidelity is very real and in some ways even more painful than a one night stand after getting shitfaced at a bar somewhere.   you do not want another straight male weighing in on your relationship when you're not around. even if it was impossible for your wife to be attracted to some ugly little fuck, he still represents bringing a 'competitor' into the marriage.  it opens you up to a world of problems.   this goes for straight, gay, male or female, by the way. i'm just speaking from a straight male perspective.
1	I don't see how this any any different then other sports other than this being the first time it has happened. If we look at the NFL a year or two ago the Colts had benched their starting line up after securing a spot in the playoffs. Curse and Dig didn't want to reveal anything 4 days before the next tournament seeing as both teams have a spot in it.
1	These guys are being dicks but the fact is you leaving is also a dick move, ignore them, communicate via pings, you're ruining the game for 8 other people if a guys being an asshole and if your entire team are dicks you're still making it suck for the other team.
0	As a previous overweight person who is currently losing a lot of weight eating tasty food, you should research /r/Keto and /r/Paelo. You will be very surprised what you can eat on a healthy diet.
1	If you actually watch their scrims, them "correcting" someone isn't the right way. I'm fine if someone talks it out but it's usually someone yelling the same thing over and over rather then having a proper argument.   What makes it worst is that someone usually puts in unneeded comments. Yes we know we fucked up, we don't to hear someone constantly saying "you're so fucking bad" everytime we fuck up. If you just say what we should have done, it would be fine.   The argument is no one listens to Chauster, but its the way he tries to convey his thoughts. It's entirely negative and where as he could have said "We shouldn't have done baron that early," he adds "dude youre fucking retarded, we shouldnt have done that". No one wants to be put down and this leads to them being defensive and a huge massive argument.
0	I've seen your name pop up a couple of times but I have literally no idea what everyone is on about can you
1	Yes. When I first started playing, all my guy friends convinced me to play League with them and I was the "noob girl." I spammed Warwick cuz I thought he was cool... (It's a running joke in my group of friends that I'm a secret furry since I only play animal champs: Nidalee, Warwick, Rengar, etc...)   Anyways they made me jungle so they could win lane, basically it was always a 4v5 cuz I was so noob. They just told me who to ult and thats it.   Fast forward 2 years, I'm gold and they're all stuck Bronze/Silver. I forgot about Warwick but a friend of mine told me to get back into him for Season 5 Jungle. I made a guide on him, and as it turns out I play him completely different than I did before. (Max different abilities, different items, etc) but he's great for dragon control and locking down a carry in a teamfight.
1	My Technoviking video is blocked here by annontiations because there is a legal problem with the clip's protagonist which is still unsolved. The block will stay like that untill it is hopefully solved one day. For more details goto:   From this youtube channel - so, au contr, he knows how youtube works very well :D
0	That's the jist of it actually...  edit: (accidentally hit save)  Basically I moved 150 miles so we could live together shortly after she moved away from where I was living, paid all her bills, etc etc. We decided after some time that we were going to move back to San Francisco (where we met) and immediately after our move back she spent pretty much every night at another guy's house and eventually broke up with me and tried to tell me to move out of the house I had paid rent in for us.
1	Well, or just abuse op champs. Got from silver I to plat V in about 2 weeks because of my favorite Pony Hecarim. Flame or no flame, people will feed, therefore u "only" need to carry. If you are way better than the others with your best champs in your current elo, which need to be strong in the current patch as well, you will carry so many games that you don't need to worry about those flamers and feeders.
0	Loaded question.   No, I don't think "lesbian sex" should necessarily be threatening -- not because it's somehow less legitimate. I think there are different kinds of intimacy between men and women, women and women, and men and men; not at all more or less legitimate, but qualitatively different. So if I'm in a relationship with a girl, I'm going to expect to be a strong source of the male-female type of intimacy, but I can't expect to completely replace the female-female type of intimacy for somebody who's interested in that. Likewise, I wouldn't worry about being "replaced" by a girl, because obviously the girl I'm with already has an appetite for the male-female type of intimacy, which a girl wouldn't be able to completely replace either.
0	any time someone says "just follow me"  i say   "fuck that. i have a smartphone for a reason"  fuck fuck fuck fuck that.  no one should ever follow unless absolutely necessary- it is difficult to pay attention to other drivers and the person you are supposed to follow.  and the leader?  usually just assumes "well, he's following, so we good"  and proceeds to drive aggressively, change lanes unnecessarily, and will be two lanes away for an exit he makes while you are still trying to make the first pass.
0	I used to sit next to a guy who did this in class, didn't bother me but he did fail that class and dropped out his sophomore year.
1	I'm pretty sure they implemented refunds solely so they could lighten the load on customer service from people asking for refunds.  They probably view refunds as a bad idea but since reddit thrives on diarrhea of the mouth, everyone found out they did it for some people and Riot therefore had to do it for everyone since they want to be the best.   If there is no good reason for it (ie, they changed the skin you bought, like Mercenary Kat) you shouldn't ever expect more than the arbitrary limit they set.
1	Bad: Far too much esports news. I don't care who got subbed the third time this week, I want to participate in theorycrafting and patch note discussions.   Good: Literally everything else. The flairs, the design, the subreddits, too. Redirecting this many people must be a daunting task, yet most subreddits are very much useful and alive.     What incentives to participate in the subreddit constructively do you notice or would like to see?     I really like the champion discussion of the day in SummonerSchool. Maybe official threads on discussing patch notes? Frankly, all of my ideas are already being regularly posted. Most of the comments are not exactly constuctive, though, but that may be a different question.     What sort of notable experiences or content would you like to see more or less of in the subreddit?     I think I actually answered this in the previous point.     What sort of feedback structures do you feel are effective or ineffective?     Threads like this, but with up-and downvotes hidden.
0	So the private ownership of the means of production in alliance with state safeguarding of said ownership is solely responsible for the development of technology? This, of course, completely disregards the intelligence and ingenuity of individual innovators as well as the contribution of workers. In fact, this assumption plays into the prevalent worship of the hegemonic class that is so often propagated by the media via solipsistic straw-men and nearly Orwellian information distribution. The idea that the investor or the owner should be worshiped while the laborer should be held with disdain. That line thinking comes off as so mentally suicidal and ludicrous that it is amazing people take it seriously.   This is of course leaving out the feudalistic land relations, hyper commercialization, rampant worker and citizen exploitation, and consumerism that is hammered in mentally to a near-religious extent. To say that having an issue with any one of those things is hypocritical simply because one is trapped under said undesirable system is moronic. I implore you to attempt living without in some way being affected by the Capitalist system. I doubt you have even considered the necessary labors one would have to go through in order to even do so for a week. It is comparable to mocking a Catholic that takes issue with the institutionalized protection of rape practiced by their church.
0	Yeah, it's known as friendzoned. A drill will open up holes in the wall, it won't open her heart or her pussy for you. You're her personal tool in the shed.
1	CLG has not had a very good draft the entire season. They literally win games by snowballing their fantastic early game which comes from their ability to skirmish and how fucking talented all 5 of them are. It's literally a shit show when it comes to late game calls and team fighting. In my opinion, they need 1 smart player who may not be the most gifted, but someone who can be a dedicated shot caller and tell them how to close games, cause really none of the 5 currently on the roster are that guy. They are simply a team of 5 individuals that are great at the game, but can't figure out how to come together as a team.
1	MMR literally has nothing to do with it. Yeah you may play league quite a bit. Yeah you may have thought that you are better than you actually might be. But that's not what's important. What's important is going into those matches knowing that your Faker and you're about to show that other guy how to rip his team a new one. You have to load into that match so honed in, so focused, that you have nothing else on your mind besides playing that game so perfectly. Don't miss that cs. Don't facecheck that bush. Don't think you're better than buying a pink and getting a sweeper. Don't go for that sneaky play that they totally won't see coming. You have to know that you can play this game, and every game for your promos, perfectly. Eliminate any other distraction, and there's no more reasons for you to lose. I don't care if it's a 4v5, I don't care if my top laner went 0-6, because I know that I'm better than my opponents team, and therefore I will carry us, to get us to the ELO that I deserve. The second I did that, I went from silver 5 to plat 5. I got stuck in a rut around high silver just like you OP, and same thing with high gold. You can't blame it on your team, or your MMR. If you want gold, or even plat, go and get it. Nobody's stopping you, not your team, not your enemy, just you. Play like a gold player, and you'll get your gold border and shiny skin when you've earned it.
1	The most irritating thing about suddenly being on purple side after only bot games is the locked camera.   On blue side you can kep your thumb on the spacebar pretty much during the entire laningphase. On purple you cant since "centering" the screen on your champ actually shows way more of the area that is to the north of your champ. Cant really explain it, just wish it would actually center it, or even better, make spacebar fix the champions x/y position on the screen when you hold it down. Unless your champ is off screen of course.   I would love for somebody who understands what I mean to put it in more understandable words. Somebody whos native language is english preferably.
1	Because there's no way to tell whether someone is dodging for a legitimate reason or to troll.   If you'd like to come up with some foolproof plan that would somehow sort out people leaving because of someone else trolling or just dropping because they don't like the comp or something, feel free to bring it up. But don't say that what Riot is doing is bad if you don't have a solution in place already.
1	I hate that this happened due to time restraints.  It was a bummer I'm sure to everyone watching the stream, but it was also difficult to watch in Dallas; a standing crowd was allowed to spectate 2-3 feet behind clg.eu in game one and dignitas's perspective had to be watched from an angle the way the booth was set up.  Personally I'm a huge Scarra fan and I love watching he and Froggen go head to head.  It saddens me a bit that I couldn't even clearly see what was going on even being there.
0	I cleaned toilets to pay my rent while studying Law. There is no shame in honest work, done well. You could eat your fucking lunch off the floor when I had finished cleaning those toilets ! When I do anything, I aim to do it the best I can, that way I can hold my head high.   Also, doing a service job should be compulsory, for everyone. I LOATHE people who are rude to servers, checkout chicks, cleaners and admin clerks. I did all of those jobs while paying my way through Uni. I've gone far and fast afterwards due to a sparkling work ethic, and being willing to help people out. The people hated most in an organisation are the spoilt brats, straight out of Uni, who've never worked a day in their lives, who don't know their arses from their elbows, but who think they should be getting input into the budget, while refusing to help people out, failing to co-operate on projects, and not even knowing how to use a photocopier. Gah. And they can get off my lawn, too !
1	In season two tier one boots were 50 move speed and every champion was 25 move speed slower(they moved 25 from boots 1 into every champions base). So boots were a lot more important and since the jungler would also have boots due to machete not being in the game if you didn't get them it would be almost impossible to escape a jungle gank.   Also all of the dorans items were 475 in addition to losing the move speed from the boots. Lifesteal quints were not popular due to being a recent addition so the potions on an ad carry were fairly valuable as well.
1	Just go roam the map, try to push out your lane as long as the enemy laner is not there. Do not try to defend your turret, let it fall as soon as you can, then freeze the lane under your tier 2 turret.
1	Thing is it still would hurt skillful players. You're not going to land every spear, thats just life; it doesn't mean you're not skilled. Spears are an ability that was made to be spammed, so you can keep throwing and applying pressure even if you miss; unlike thresh hook which should be a kill every time it lands, which is why they gave it such a big risk-reward style mechanic.   The thing with AP nid is that spear spam is ALL SHE IS GOOD FOR. You nerf that and she'll never get played again. Even so, this isn't enough of a reason to nerf her. There is still counterplay; in a siege situation, all you need to do is hard engage before she starts poking and you've essentially got a 5v4 going since nid can't do shit in cougar and won't be landing any effective spears. There's a reason her kit was DESIGNED to be this way, strong in long range sieges, terrible in short range fights. Balanced.
0	Don't worry mate, a good life isn't determined by how much money you earn, it's about what you chose to do with your time on this planet. Just think about what you want to do, then do it.   You want to go travelling? Get a ticket and go, you can work once you're there, it's really that easy. The amount you experience while you travel is huge, more valuable than any degree could ever be.   You want a career? Just start at the bottom wrung of the ladder and work your way up! Most companies are more concerned with relevant experience than education/qualifications.   You want to learn something? Pick up a book and get reading! You don't have to get a degree to learn whatever it is you want to learn. Just learn whatever you want, whenever you want, eventually, you'll have built a broad range of knowledge, so if you ever wanted to go back to college, it wouldn't be so hard for you.
0	Private  remarks that were made public clearly without his consent. Look, I hate to stand up for the guy but what he thinks and talks about with his girlfriend is his own fucking business. I'm sorry that it's such an unpopular opinion but I hate to see any person get fucked over for something they never expressed outside extremely personal relationships. So he's a fucking racist, how many other rich white  owners  think the exact same fucking thing as he does? Did you hear the full recording? He explains to his girlfriend that it's the culture he is part of; the culture of rich racist white guys who OWN teams of black men. I mean for christ sake should we investigate every fucking team owner now to check and see if they show any signs of racism? Might as well shut down the entire fucking NBA.
0	I worked as a waitress when I was 17. Once, after a completely dead night, we were finishing closing up at just past 11, most of us having spent the past hour performing our end-of-shift duties. The dish-washer and bus boy were already gone, the waitresses were starting to grab their bags, and the cooks were finishing storing the final food items after having completely scrubbed down the kitchen. I glanced up to the door to see a group of people out front, and thought  Oh no!  -- The neon "Open" sign was still on.   I looked out the large windows, and saw a long line of people walking down the sidewalk from another direction, and more people coming from another. The manager quickly walked to the front door (locked), to explain to the group waiting that we had simply forgotten to turn off the sign. The other groups converged, and soon we had an angry mob on our hands. The waitresses were exchanging wincing expressions, while the cooks were frozen in place in the kitchen, looks of exasperation on their faces.   The manager was flustered, not knowing what to do, and kept looking back at us as the crowd's voices were becoming louder and angrier.   Finally, I stepped forward, allowing her to step aside. I put on my most winning and compassionate smile, explained to the mob firmly but not harshly our situation, and told them that while the cooks had already shut the kitchen down and that dinner was out of the question, I'd personally stay on as the sole waitress, to serve pie and refreshments to anyone who would like to stay. 2/3 of the crowd grudgingly, but calmly left. 1/3 decided to take me up on the offer.   The cooks cheered me in the back, the manager, still shaking, praised me, and the waitresses gave me hugs. It didn't work out for me so well after the other employees left though. The customers were still begrudged, stayed for  hours  ordering coffee after coffee, and each of the three tables left me only change as a tip. My salary was $1.75 an hour. I lived in the mountains next to that valley, and had to make new arrangements for a ride home... at 2 a.m.   Yeah, be considerate and don't order hot food past closing hours, or stay for more than an hour once things are shut down. It takes a lot of work to close up a restaurant, and there are hardworking, exhausted workers waiting on those last couple of tables to finish up, before they can retire from their long day.
1	I don't think Riot will remove them and disagree that they are "bullshit," and here is why:   Yellow Trinket : 1 free ward that lasts for 60 seconds. Besides its obvious uses, this is at least be good for those who think that they are better than wards and refuse to buy them, at least they will be outputting some vision. This is also good on champions such as Katarina and Lee Sin who can make full use of ward jumping. Also, the upgrade allows for a pink ward, so those who are reluctant to ward can do more by denying enemies vision.   Blue Trinket : A free Clairvoyance of sorts, this is good for supports to take to get vision of enemies coming in for ganks/enemy buffs. Supports would take this over the Yellow Trinket because their ADC would take Yellow Trinket and with their improved cashflow they would be able to simply buy their 3 wards.   Red Trinket : A free version to the late Oracles Elixir (RIP in peace sweet prince)  this is good for Junglers to take in order to disable vision. Ranged Junglers with the  Scout  mastery (15% improved range on Trinkets) can disable and clear a ward without ever even entering vision, so if you know where the ward is, it is possible for you to gank completely undetected against people who don't pay attention to their ward timers.   *The above are just examples of the uses of the Trinkets, I am sure more will crop up as people grow more accustomed to them.
0	i played d1 sports in college and played semi-pro in the summers so I couldn't work a job. i have to be honest, as much as people think you get the benefit of the doubt as an athlete, often you're left with interesting experiences and few upsides. the sports/coaching industry is incredibly bureaucratic (imagine that!), businesses want you purely for sales/commission based work, and all of your free time was spent working out, working out to workout, or working on your workout.
1	The best part is the
1	Yorick is underplayed, and ive not really seen much of him However, i have played renekton, and even as a bad player back then, i got atleast 1:1 KDs. I can do much better now ^^
1	Comparing Lee to TF or Orianna is like comparing apples and tennis shoes.  Sure we can find similarities, but for all intents and purposes they are completely different.  Whether lee has the "strongest kit" in the game is very arguable.  I main the crap out of lee and usually can carry top lane games with him against d1 opponents.  Am i able to do this because hes blatently overpowered?  Or because I've played him a hundred times and know his limitations to the tee.  He is actually even stronger in low ELO than he is in high ELO, but once against he relies completely on skill, map awareness, timing, all the good stuff in a champion that makes them interesting and fun.  So
1	just looked at like 30seconds of your youtube vid. I know it's not a lot but I didn't get as much time to look at it as I thought I would (got called in w/e) anywho - ryze mid, you basically used your Q to last hit melee creeps that are point blank range.   NO!!!! It is tempting yes but NO! wait for minion to drop to auto attack health. If you want to hit something AA the castor minions at the back, just you know one each or something to lower then, then get back to finish off the melee creep that you would otherwise waste a Q on.  You don't even have tears yet to even really be luxurious with Qing minions.   Whats that ryze's mastery on?  I take full points into the minion mastery in the offense tree to get more damage on them.   might add more stuff later on, but still-
1	Of course you can freeze at tier 1, i was giving an example of when it is clear to everyone that you should freeze lane, as you clearly have lost lane hard. Your support is not going to know what play style you have and if you want to free or whatnot, just telling us will make both our lives infinity easier :)
1	go to here for the situation.   at 20 mins. the discussion ends at around 40~ mins   what jatt said in this did seem legit but the community was just hating on dig no matter what.   even doublelift/wickd agreed with jatt (doublelift was lesser known though at the time people just knew him for his blitz)
1	At the risk of sounding like an grumpy old man, I THINK THE WAY IT WAS WAS BETTER! BACK IN MY DAY blah blah.   I think the supportive style of jungle is where the true essence of the role lies. Think about, what is a jungler? When you break it down to the nitty gritty it's a champion on the map which is free to roam as he pleases where as (for the most part) the other champions on the map are constrained to the three lanes. I believe it is only natural that this champion takes on a more supportive role as it has the ability to influence all parts of the map.   I think that Riot has jammed the idea of "Carry Junglers" down our throats as a way to promote the competitive scene. For example, Meteos. Meteos carries games, BUT he carries games in a different way. He carries by farming efficient and making plays across the map which benefit his team. He doesn't carry in the manner of dealing a crap ton of damage (maybe with the exception of Kha'Zix?) he carries by playing Elise and landing a clutch Cocoon. I think that's where everything has gotten a little lost. The jungler should carry with his play making ability, not his ability to deal damage, much like Supports.   Take a look at competitive play. You rarely see any FF junglers, with the exception of maybe a Noct or Xin, because they play a more supportive role. This works because professional league is as close to a perfect theory crafted version of the game that you can get. For the most part, lanes generally go even, and if they do lose its not as drastic as you would see in an solo queue environment, making jungle interference play a larger role in the out come of any given lane.   I think there's a reason you don't see many FF junglers in competitive play right now. It's either too new or just plain not worth the effort. In a perfect game scenario, meaning all players are equal and everyone picked and no one is trolling, I think the supportive style is the most logical form of jungling.
0	Okay I'll say it. The juggalo hating bandwagon has been going on a long time, I know. But seriously, I've met a lot of juggalos. I'm not one myself, but theyve all been nice people. It's just a stupid thing to hate a group of people for enjoying music. I wouldn't use the "it's not the music, it's the way they act" argument. Because that's equally as stupid, considering I know quite a few and they seem like a harmless group. So just give up on the hate. It's stupid, really.
1	pay more attention to minimap, even as jungler" I main jungle and i would say especially as jungle. I'd say i look on the minimap 50% of the time I am in jungle.  In jungle you don't need to worry about last hitting creeps or dodging skillshots etc. You should always be looking at the minimap seeing if team mates close to you need help from ganks or engages, planing on where to gank (checking enemy inventories if they placed wards yet seeing where they are pushed seeing if you can spot enemy jungler). I also keep an eye on the minimap so i can spot incoming ganks and ward my team mates who might not have noticed an enemy running past a ward.
1	From my personal experience of working in the community team in EU, this is really different from country to country. In Scandinavia / The Netherlands / Belgium / Luxemburg? Sure you could run an English cast and most people would be happy. In Germany? Maaaaaybe. If you're German and you're here on reddit, realize you're in a minority of Germans who feel comfortable enough to do all their League discussing in English. It may seem like there's a ton of German players who can do this, but that's just because there's a ton of German players full stop. There's plenty who don't speak English well enough. But it gets even clearer when you go to places like France, Spain, or Poland. All of these countries have very large League playerbases, and we know for a fact that a majority of them prefers a cast in their native language.
1	I will start by stating I have been a Riot supporter since day 1, starting with beta and introducing many many people to the game. I truly have believed in what riot's mission has been thus far.   However, Riot did destroy his league career. You think LoL will be around as the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the single most important year to date, and will determine whether this is a feasible approach to eSports professional gaming. Of which IWD has put in substantial time and effort in helping develop the pro scene to this point as he has been a part of it for an extensive amount of time.   Gaming has, and always will be full of gamers. Since the beginning of gaming, people get hyped/emotional/jabber mouthed/etc. when things do not go as intended. This ranges from a 2 year old to a 50 year old.   I have not been punished by the tribunal on any of my accounts, ever. However from the start of tribunal being implemented in the way it is, it started off being a GREAT idea, and quickly was realized that not all god ideas are implemented properly.   This was the start, since first time since playing this game over 3 years ago that I have been disappointed with Riot. And this very harsh implementation only leaves me with a taste in my mouth that riot is pushing more towards catering to its masses (not top 20% elo) players, just as WoW did in its beginning after Blackwing lair I believe it was called. They made everything easy mode and more accessible to the casual gamer and continued to do so from what I've been told.   I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players by perma-banning is already excessive considering the amount of time and money put in by the individual. This in itself is trying to change the nature of online gaming, competitive gamers as I stated above have historically had a raging nature. That is why they are playing a PURELY PVP based game.   The root disruption of the game in my opinion is not typing ragers, you have plenty of options if your feelings are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in team select/afk-ragequitter's. This disrupts the game the most, I have had plenty of ragers in my games and there is a mute button for each player in the game that any moron can figure out. If your feelings are hurt so much in a competitive environment I suggest you stick to candyland because regardless of Riot's stance on this, this behavior towards less skilled players will be in EVERY competitive style game til the end of gaming. The best players, want to win.
1	The one thing I will say, if you do this, is if your opponent retaliates, verbally, consider  not  reporting them. Probably will get downvoted for this opinion, but here's why:   I love getting under people's skin playing league. Especially if they talked trash first. Never a comment on their race, gender, sexual preference etc etc, but I'll say things like:     Weird, I usually only buy skins for champs I'm good at.   Don't sweat it too much, dude. I'm probably just better than you.   I'd probably be playing just as bad as you are if I didn't have the grasp of the basic understanding of the game either.     Generally though, I keep my mouth shut. The only time I really talk to the enemy is to say gg, compliment an opponent, say "good fight" or similar.   The other night, I was in a bad mood, for a lot of reasons. I tanked about 7 ranked games going from my hard earned 1350 (haters gonna hate) down to about 1280. I was mad so I went to play dominion. Every game I started in pre-chat I said "first sign of raging i'll mute and report". Didn't matter what my team responded with. I didn't say anything else to them.   Anyways, I'm Trynd bot vs skarner. We fight. My finger slips and I blow Q instead of W. Skarner lives with 6hp. Immediately starts talking trash. I respond with "it was close". Keeps talking trash. We fight again. He hit six before I did, and I die. This time he only had about 40-50hp. Keeps talking shit.   For whatever reason, my normally level-headed self just exploded. I said a lot of mean things.  Real mean things . I told someone else on my team to go bot. I hunted him down throughout the entire map, killing anyone in my way. I wrecked him. Hard. Every kill I trash talked and rubbed in his face. Most notably I made fun of his language barrier (not proud).   Anyways, we won. Talked some more trash in post-chat, and then turned off league for the night, realizing I had totally lost my cool. I log on the next day to see I got a friend request from him (not realizing who it was). He immediately starts trash talking me, dissing me on my "champion only 1350, mine is 6300" (I dunno either).   Instead of fighting back, or blocking or whatever. I decided to apologize. I explained the night before and how he was unwinningly the last straw for me. I said how embarrassed I was of my behavior. He accepted the apology, said sorry himself, and we both moved on with our lives.
0	I understand the sentiment, but it's just misleading.  There is not some limited number of dollars and they were used up by this kid's wish - the only hard limit on dollars and productivity towards the world's solutions are our willingness to fix the world's problems.  On that scale, what they did for this boy and the subsequent coverage may have gone much further than several million dollars spent towards a cure.
1	I understand where you are coming from and i do agree that bot lane, above all, is currently under "standardized" picks. Everyone goes Annie/Leona/Thresh for support and its perfectly fine if you don't like those champions and even if you hate them. Now just do get into that mindset that if you pick something out of the meta that you are "hurting your team". We are not lcs players, almost every champion is viable, given that you know how to play them and make good use of their strengths and weaknesses. Everyone seems to forget that counters exist, have you tried morgana for instance? Morgana completely shits on Annie. Morgana denies Leona so hard that you force her to be a punching bag or an auto attack bot at maximum. Morgana lanes extremely well against thresh. This goes for all lanes. Trundle started to make an appearance in competitive play because only manaless tanks inhabited the top lane, until players started to realize that a champion with an auto attack speed buff who steals tank stats destroys them. And since he has become himself "standard", it allows for champions like Jax and hell, even Irelia, show up again in the top lane. Morgana is already a reflex of this shift, its not by chance that she's starting to be a contested pick in EU. And as she will rise, other supports will have the spotlight once again, and with that, the carries pool itself will change. What i'm trying to say is don't pick a champion because you think your team will be behind. If you play a champion that you like and perform well with him (or a hard counter) who ensures that you win lane and group with your team with your carry a full item ahead of theirs then you did your job well. Supports like janna are perfect versus a leona and a team of divers, nami and zyra are great at disengaging or counter-engaging and are perfect for split pushing teams or siege teams, Fiddle and Alistar excel vs Assassins like Zed and Le Blanc. Popular picks and FotM picks have always been here, the trinity of Leona/thresh/annie is going on for quite a while but there are, like Morgana, a ton of other support champions who wreck the popular picks.
1	This wasn't a guide of step by step playing against split pushers. this was to stop giving free objectives by more then one person answering a threat that didn't need it and giving up another tower plus other things. You are acting like cause a fed yi or nasus can push your towers down I'm 100% wrong. This is very generalized for a reason. Well no shut a fed/farmed yi or nasus can push your shit that's what they do. But a not fed one or any other champion pushing it in that will take it un answered does not need two or three people to defend it. people chase kills and they need to stop being so selfish and gready the
0	Not really.. personally I would wait until after dinner to bring it up as well, no need to potentially make a scene. It would probably be hard to hide my emotions though qnd my SO would feel the awkwardness just as OP did.
0	Aid is a political tool giving some form of legitimacy to an American hegemonic state at effectively next-to-nothing costs. Aid gives the impression (and physically reinforces) the concept that the US has different world interests in mind and guarantees that countries benefit from US dominance, propagating and continuing current international norms which GREATLY benefit the US.
1	Do what this guy said.  Then go find a program that shuts off mouse acceleration in the registry.  There are several.   After that set your mouse sensitivity to the MIDDLE setting (in the game and in windows.)  This is the setting that does not extrapolate your movements mathematically (reducing accuracy).  If you have a mouse with adjustable DPI, use THAT to tune your mouse sensitivity.   When you've done THAT... increase your mouse polling rate.  Standard is 125 Hz.  Some software and mice can go as high as 500 Hz or even 1000 Hz.  This is an eight-times-faster response time, and it's HUGELY noticeable.   The last thing you can do is remove mouse correction if you have it.  Again, there is probably software for this to be done, but if it's buried in your firmware you may have to replace your mouse if you're going to go this far.   So, to recap: Enhancement/Acceleration off: causes all mouse movements (of the same displacement) to move the cursor the same distance, regardless of velocity.  Sensitivityx1.0/DPI adjustment: Causes all mouse movements to have a MEASURABLE 1-to-1 accuracy. Polling rate increase: causes those mouse movements to be registered up to eight times as fast. Mouse Correction off:  mouse correction is software that "corrects" close to straight line motions into straight lines.  It's common in many mice (even some gaming mice) and can help in some programs.  Turning this off allows for true movements to register.   I spent at least ten hours researching mice in the last few days as I've been looking to upgrade my mouse for months.  These are all the fixes that professionals recommend, and having them on my system has made a HUGE difference.  In the end, I was caught between choosing a Logitech G9x or a Razer Mamba 2012.  I went with the Mamba as I heard things about the G9x still having some acceleration.  Also, the Mamba is wireless (and maintains close to 1000 Hz polling).   It does, however, cost roughly twice as much and both are fine mice.   Happy Leaguing.  I'll see you in my mid lane.
0	Pickup line: If I flip a coin, what are the chances of me getting head?   Follow up (if the answer is "none"): So it's a 100% chance of me getting tail?   In one of my classes there is this awkward Indian kid. He has a super-calculator that the teacher doesn't let him use on tests and he is our school's hallway runner. During our free time in the class, we like to play Uno, but we don't let him play unless he uses the pickup line above on a cute blonde girl in our class. After reluctantly watching us play Uno for a whole semester, one day while the girl is gone, he decides to practice on another girl (whom he apparently decides is not as risky). But in the excitement, he jumbles up a couple words and what comes out is: "If I flip a coin, will you give me head?" Needless to say, that is my pickup line from now on.
1	Yes i think you should start. At the beginning of ranked Games it will appear you a bit like you were smurfing, you know many bad people leavers feeders,just try to snowbal more thanyour enemys and you will start to rise up. but when you reached about 1400 you'll have some fantastic games (with a lot of pressure),wich you dont get in Normals.
0	Well, when you want to celebrate being white what exactly are you celebrating? Did you all, as white people, make steps to overcome injustice and intolerance recently in the past 60 or so years? Did you have anyone come to your aid and help end the enslavement of white people? Did some people lure you from your countries with hopes of dreams and riches only to become railroad workers? Then, did you overcome that?   Now that's all in the past. How about recently? Were you all allowed to marry in some states? Is your oppression from the War on Drugs finally coming to light making steps to be rectified? Can your children stay in the country to take great advantage of an education system to their adulthood? Did a white person finally make it into the White House?   Now it's no secret and no small feat that overcoming these issue took the help of a number of white people of various specific races themselves other than just being white. What they have done, when it really comes down to it, is just take the country a step forward as decent human beings. That is not to say that we shouldn't thank them. That is not to say that, as white people, they should be as proud as us because at the end of the day, white people could be a lot more help in reversing some of the policies that have, and continue to, oppress a great deal of minorities.   So be proud, to be Italian, Irish, Polish, etc. because these races have things to be proud of. Celebrating just being white however is pretty sour. Things were already in your favor. Enjoy it by all means, it looks pretty cool sometimes, but try not to get too boastful.
1	You're stupid.   That is all.   (I'm not even sure that I should add "no offense", like seriously, you're taking this too seriously AND you don't understand it AND you don't understand competitive people)   (PS: Hell I even personally don't like the whole thing but I don't care about it/I'm not ignorant as to why it exists).
1	He has high damage, but playing him feels so damn awkward. Like, except for W and R, his skills don't really interact or combo together in any way. Like, his laser is long range poke, but his Q is for short range trading? His kit is a mess.   Also, W is terrible for chasing since the unpack time is so damn long. I'd try the augment that improves it, but the stats that it gives compared to Augment Death aren't helpful.
1	It would take place some years after the Institute of War was closed for some reasons. Maybe there even was another rune-war, but anyway peace in the realm of Valoran is on the edge. The world is altered by the following cataclysm and the city-states of Noxus and Demacia lie in ruins. Jarvan IV. is the leader of the small remnants of Demacia. The city of Noxus got completely destroyed and is uninhabitable after a biochemical attack by Singed when the last Demacian retaliation troops took the inner defenses. For two years, Riven has been gathering survivers and people from the surrounding villages who are willing to join her cause to rebuild Noxus based on the ideals it once embodied a long time ago.   The champions returned to their old hometowns and previous tasks or set out to follow new yet unknown goals. All but Teemo who was buried alive when the Institute of War collapsed - Tristana is with Rumble now. Politics, conflicts, events and the history of Valoran wind around these former champions of the League.   Players are fighters, rune-mages, void-casters... somewhat stronger than common foot soldiers but not nearly as powerful as the previous legends of the league. Allthough by their clothing, looks and habits they can be characterized as inhabitants of the nations Zaun, Piltover, Bildgewater etc., adventurers do not belong to a nation and do not pick fixed sides. There are no big opposed alliances that fight each other, but because the nations are not bound by the Institute of War to keep the peace, there are skimirshes between them.   There are wild beasts, hostile troll and barbarian tribes, raiders and corsairs from far away continents., smaller creatures from the Void roam around a few locations where reality ceases to exist. On the shores of the east there are stories about creatures ascending from the the Great Deep. Creatures that have never been seen in the inhabited parts of Valoran before are rumored to flee from the plague-jungle which is expanding rapidly now that Zyra returned to her former domain. There are Malzahar's Cultists, Viktor's battlecast army and former summoners powerful enough to gather followers. The strongest enemies are beings that would have been invited to the league in older times and can only be taken down with many befriended adventurers and probably help of former champions of the league.
0	Didn't notice you were OP...   I didn't mean to imply that it was a conspiracy theory.  It's just in the media's self interest to post articles calling everything a crisis.  The worse it sounds, the more clicks they get.  They ought to do what's best for their bottom line like any other business.  Unfortunately, confidence is a key in both investment and the employment market.   You linked to a graph of discouraged workers, which certainly makes unemployment figures, at least as commonly presented and consumed, less valuable.  However, confidence plays a factor in the labor market just as it does in the loanable funds market or anything else.  The number of job listings has risen relative to the number of people actively seeking work over the last 3 years (  Many businesses are struggling to find qualified employees as the number of discouraged workers as risen.  I know a lot of people can't find work.  But I also know HR at the company where I work has had some listings open for over a year because they can't get anyone with a CS degree to come apply to do some coding.  I'm not saying the market is like it was in 1998, but it's not like it was in 2008 either.  (To be fair, I work for a government contractor, and while our contracts are guaranteed through this year, we're definitely planning for a contraction that seems inevitable down the road).  I'm in total agreement about federal minimum wage (though it has gone up by about 24% since 2007, it's still too low).
1	LoL is not a community game, its a Riot game. Riot dominates the esports scene and everything related to LoL esports, so there really isn't a lolesports scene except for what Riot is providing.   There are 3rd party organizations which hosts different community tournaments (ESL, DH and more) but LCS players are under contract to not play in any events which aren't verified by Riot, so if a company wants to invest into a LoL event and make a show, they won't attract viewers beceause there is really no hype when non of the popular teams can attend the event.
1	I don't understand the train of people who think that the players are spoiled and have no manners. The esports scene is still relatively new to the spotlight. No huge teams of people to dress up the players to look great in a public setting, no foundation to work with. Yes, as a soccer player, I understand sportsmanship and the need for it, but even in physical sports there is quite often a lack. The players are young, so what? Maybe they're richer than the average kids their age, so what? They will learn, it isn't like there was a large amount of previous information to work with. They're different, and yes I agree that they are behind the curve as far as sportsmanship, but no, I don't think people should jump on a hate train just because they are jealous of a job (Which is more difficult than I'm sure they think) or even talk about expectations.
0	I'm not a sheep, I don't profess to be any 'religion'. I'd rather not label myself , but probably I believe in something you could label as [agnostic theism](   Our laws of science have shown that things need a finite start and an end generally, (as Aquinas suggested), but to try and claim to know what it is or pray to it , even suggest humans are capable of understanding it is stupid, and a waste of time.
1	oh yeah? sounds more like you're jealous of a measly $160   >there are hundreds of people trying to start up their own streams and channels   perhaps they should HUSTLE HARDER and try to stand out instead of having fuckboys white knight for them on the internet.
1	TSM better than Desperate Housewife
0	Honesty is best policy, but there are some things you should really keep to yourself sometimes. I learned this the hard way. If you have to, just point out a specific feature of her instead of pointing out all of her is prettier than who you are with.   "Do you think I'm prettier than so-and-so?" - her   "Yeah, of course. You're my girlfriend, not her. But she does have nice-looking (insert name of body part here, besides breasts. If you know what her breasts look like though, you may be doing something wrong.)"   etc
1	His rotation is a little off however. You should be going Q first, then R while the Q is in the air to use your passive, then either W or E (W if he's almost out of range, E if he is dueling you), then Q again, then whichever of W or E you didn't do before. Then you AA until your Q comes off CD again and you can use it a third time (this will usually be 1 AA, 2 max).
0	How would you feel if you were married and wanted children, and then later found out your partner had her tubes tied?   When a man and a woman get married, they usually want to start a family together. Whether they want children or not should've been made clear to each other before they got married. If a couple haven't had that discussion, it's assumed that they both want children as that's the natural "order" of life. By having a vasectomy or tube ligation, the privilege and experience of parenthood is taken away/denied, usually permanently forever. That's unfair for the partner, particularly if it wasn't discussed (unless they're old and already have a child). The partner is misled into thinking he/she will have children one day, and is unknowingly stuck in a "fruitless" marriage. This guy secretly getting a vasectomy and his partner secretly ceasing birth control shows a lack of trust and communication. They're not compatible, and clearly don't have the same wants and goals in life. They're both selfish jerks, in my opinion. Edit: The guy is not so much a selfish jerk as they already have children, but he should've told her. One child is enough. So his wife is the selfish (perhaps cheating) greedy jerk.   I personally would love to have children, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to fit children in lifetime. I certainly want the ability to have children in the future if I'm ready. I hope to find a partner who feels the same way.
1	Im from Gold 2 on my main but I honestly think I could easily be in Plat but I just don't play on it alot. I smurf in lower ELO constantly and to be honest losses are very rare if you know what you are doing and how to play at low ELO. On one of my accounts, I dodged promotion series constantly on my low elo account just for fun because every game seems to be a stomp.
1	I've heard this response many times, and totally get it, however I don't  really  agree with the whole intimidation factor. If you're playing ranked, you're most likely (and should be) playing with people in your MMR range therefore everyone is around the same skill level and no one should be intimidated by someone with a silver border, while in silver divisions.   I mean, if I'm gold V and I see the mid laner I'm facing has a plat border, I'm going to think he's not very good at all because he's dropped so many leagues. Now to counter that you may say "well that's what happens when you or other people in your game are Duo-ing, you get matches like that, and again I agree with that, in fact, I experience that every time I duo, which brings up another problem with LoL's silly matchmaking that they should address.   Anyways - going back to borders, I know myself and EVERY friend and person on my friends list whom I play with, uses Lolnexus or OP.gg or whatever other sites, during loading screens and in game. Riot clearly doesn't mind these third party website (otherwise they would have done something about it by now). On the sites you can view everyone's current and past ranks, which defeats your whole argument about the "Intimidation Factor", players ranks are already public, just not as easy as being displayed by a border. And for those who don't use the sites, well maybe it's time you should (obviously to improve your gameplay i.e seeing your opponents runes/masteries, and skill level with that champion) or they should 'man' up and play to their best ability and not worry about someone else's achievements on this game.
1	yorick is a beast in top lane and there are no hard counters for him   riven is very strong too but can be restricted by some opponents..   its more about ur playing style.. yorick is a more of caster while riven has more close combat damage   yorick's lane phase needs patience...he needs farm farm farm and harass the enemy as much as possible....its really easy to harass the enemy in a high degree and if u are good in last hitting that will work for u..he has some mana problems in early game..but with tear and manamune u are going to be ok yorick will win most of the exchanges in lane phase (similar lvls and farm) and imo he is one of the worst enemies to face in top   riven is maybe the 2nd though..she has great escape tools and so she is realyl difficult to gank...she has also really great damage and easy clearing of creep waves.... u have to get some kills in lane with her cause she really has the ability to do so..
0	Read the full post before commenting to stop yourself from looking like a jackass.   Also, I said in the very first part I don't have a problem with gay black people, I have a problem with flamboyant people. Seriously, just read the damn post, it's not hard.   And disliking a single personality type doesn't make me xenophobic, it just means that my personality and theirs don't mix well, therefor I don't associate with them. Not because I hate them, but because I don't care for the way they act.
0	I don't think this is as cut and dry as that. In the Western world, it's been the norm for men to be clean shaven. But there have been plenty of times when facial hair comes back in style (see the 1970s), and among many cultures and subcultures, beards are pretty well accepted now. Whether you think men in general look better with or without facial hair is really just a reflection of your individual taste, and says more about what you accept as "normal" than it does about the actual appearance of these men.   The assumption that the guy looks worse with a mustache than without is totally unfounded here, since we don't have a picture to look at. So really, the  only  thing you're showing here is a knee-jerk aversion to beards.
1	One of the primary reasons C9's shotcalling got to be so good was because they got to be so behind BECAUSE of Hai.   When you're NOT getting your head caved in mid lane, you don't need to do desperate ADC split pushes to distract the enemy.
0	While people probably won't see this, I'm a student going to a university that is one of the best public universities in the nation (and by some standards, world), and I'm doing okay considering my situation. I come from a middle class family, am white, and am not accumulating that much debt. I'm going for engineering so I should be able to pay it off.  However, thanks to scholarships (and ONE grant), I am pretty much not paying any tuition. My issue is that neither FAFSA nor my university care about medical debt. My mom had a fuck ton of health issues (heart attacks [yes, plural], a stroke, appendicitis, MRSA, a hole in her heart, triple bypass surgery, and stints) and has since only been off-on employed. My dad makes a decent amount of money, but due to the expenses of feeding a family of 4 (not including yours truly over at university), those medical expenses, mortgage, etc, I can't get much money from him to help me pay for living expenses. Overall, yes, it's expensive, but even with extenuating circumstances that my university does not care about, I'm not doing that bad.
1	I do tribunal occasionally when I have nothing to do(trying to find some funny toxic chats).   But out of 90 cases I only got 4 wrong, and those 4 were ones that I chose to pardon.  Those pardoned cases didn't show any real toxic behavior.  Basically what I'm getting at is almost everyone who does tribunal just presses punish, so you shouldn't worry too much about those toxic players, they'll all get time bans eventually if they get enough reports, tribunal people are all lazy and just press punish.
1	tbh, i always felt like it's not western teams are better / worst than korean one, it's just that the korean plays a move ahead.   During last years worlds or paris allstar, korean were ahead, yes, but during teamfight or global fight, the trade never were that unbalanced. If it was, it was mainly due to the gold advantage they built up and /or the rotation surprising western teams.   Imo we can observe this because korean team does not play with few patch ahead, but they got analyst that gives them better readings of the game they're currently playing. All those little overall details (xp/gold passiv/from minions, items/champs nerfs/buffs => new meta resulting, and so on...).   So koreans got a better understanding as a team on the game. And western team do not try more than acting like them, sometimes they do well (sk end spring season - mid summer season, with the rotations and map ressources), but do not react the same when the overall plans goes wrong.   The best korean teams knows all whereabouts of the meta, since they made it up. So they play it easier, they know its ups and downs.   But when the novelty come from western worlds, korean feels like being a little lost, not because they are bad with, but because "we" are already used to it, to its limits. Like morg supp, mao toplane, and we might think of anything else.   To me, to beat korean we do not need to play "better" than them, because there is not only 1 way to play this game. We need to build up diversity picks /strats that gonna make them play a game they're not familiar with.
0	A very common insurance scam is to cause accidents in purpose by driving in front of someone and then slamming on the brakes. This is completely illegal and immoral. The only difference between this and what OP did is that OP didn't make any money out of it.   People in this thread keep saying that that the person who rear ends someone is always at fault. This is true in the case of accidents. OP was not in an accident. He took an action with malice and forethought  knowing that it would cause an accident. That's against the law.   If someone runs a red light and I swerve to hit them I'm still at fault.   Also OP says he brake checked the driver. That makes no sense because brake checking someone doesn't involve actually braking. You just tap your brakes to make the driver think you are braking.
0	I took a history of mexico class this past semester and we discussed this pretty thoroughly. The mexican drug crisis is happening because that is what the market is calling for. There aren't as many people in mexico abusing drugs like in the states, so they're not using the drugs for themselves. What it comes down to is drugs are what we're buying, its not so much a problem of mexico not handling their shit, its a problem of america not handling our drug problems well. If america was demanding oranges then mexico would be selling oranges.   additionally the problem lies in the fact that drug trafficking is such a strong backbone of the mexican economy... both legally and extralegally. The drug lords provide to their communities things such as jobs and protection and donations to public works (schools churches ect) so villages have a very strong connection to these people as providers for their villages, if the drugs as a source of money dries up then so does the livelihood of these border villages. In addition to this extralegal money, the mexican government receives a lot of aid from several countries (the US being the main benefactor) to help aid in their war on drugs.   Really, its a messy situation that's characterized by a long string of corruption from the PRI and America fucking up the drug trade through the carribean. If america could get its drug problem in check then the market would shift to a less dangerous one, but as it is at the moment it's not a reality.
1	I think there is a difference between dumbing it down and improving gameplay changes.   I see dumbing down as removing all aspects of gameplay making things simply too easy. I'm not 100% too sure how familiar you are with the Pokemon games and their regions/generations. In generation 1 the storyline sent you all over the region, and you had to explore everywhere in order to finish the game. In generation 5 you literally walked half a circle around the region and the game was done removing pretty much the exploring aspect from the game and basically  dumbing it down   Improving the quality of life of the game would be a more constructive change like seeing the direction of where Janna's tornados would go. I remember awhile ago Orianna got a QoL with being able to see the range indicators on her ball when it was placed on the ground and/or allies (Can't remember exactly). It made it easier to play Orianna since you knew how far you could move from your allies, or how far away you could move from your ball being on the ground.
0	From experience, if this real, being in a bad relationship and having PTSD or even just GA will likely exacerbate your problems.
0	I don't see why now would be any better a time to introduce it than any other time. The Orwellian nightmare featured in the book showed flaws in society and values which to our current collective cultural understanding seem essential and require constant protection. Something needing constant protection is just as relevant in good times as it is in bad times.   The book itself is also a timeless masterpiece allowing reflecting on the values of society and what can be envisioned of the future.
1	I mean, they did.   They nerfed both of those, and have been slowly trying to buff Akali into viability ever since.   Here:   V1.0.0.129:   Twin Disciplines: Initial spell vamp gained upon obtaining 10 bonus attack damage reduced to 8% from 10%.   Additional spell vamp reduced to 1% per 6 attack damage from 1% per 5 attack damage.   Initial magic damage bonus upon obtaining 20 ability power reduced to 8% from 10%.   Additional magic damage bonus reduced to 1% per 6 ability power from 1% per 5 ability power.   Mark of the Assassin: projectile base damage and proc based damage reduced to 45/70/95/120/145 from 50/75/100/125/150.   V1.0.0.138:   Stats:   Base armor increased to 20 from 17.   Base health increased to 530 from 510.   V1.0.0.142:   Crescent Slash:   Energy cost reduced to 60/55/50/45/40 from 60 at all ranks.   Now activates  Mark of the Assassin's secondary damage.
1	Come on. :( That kind of mentality is just as bad as blaming your team for a loss, because then you're implying that you yourself have no faults that can be improved on (which is almost never true). It's not any better to tell yourself that you're where you belong and not any higher than that.   I was placed in Bronze 2 and I was fine with that. My other friends were in Silver 5-1 and I already knew I was worse than them, so I just sat on that rank and was content. Then I watched those same friends persist and climb to Gold and then even to Plat, and also watched a Plat friend finally hit Diamond. Made me wonder... I was still under the firm belief that I belonged in Bronze, but could I climb if I tried?   Several games later I reached Silver 5. I had already surpassed expectations just by reaching the next tier. Turns out that Silver is actually not as far ahead of me in skill as I thought, because I went from Silver 5 promos to Silver 1 in one day, in the span of less than 10 games. (Skipped to S3 and then to S1). Right now I'm one win away from Gold promos, and I've been losing 6 points per loss with 25 points per win. I still think my mechanics are Bronze-level but the system is telling me that, as of right now, I deserve a shot to be Gold. I did not see this coming at all when I first started playing my first ranked games after placement matches put me in Bronze.   But OP does have the right of it. A lot of hardcore Bronze players I know in real life are the most stubborn, ridiculous players I've ever had the misfortune to meet. That's not to say such players don't exist in any other tier; I've seen plenty of ragers and poor plays made in Silver and Gold. In fact, that kind of mindset - being unable to look beyond your own faults and repeatedly finding fault in your team - is what makes it difficult to rise.   What I think: Yes, a large majority of the players in Bronze are there because they belong there. Same for players in any other tier - a lot of the Silver players trying to reach Gold before season end are not going to make it. That's just hard truth; it's life. But that doesn't mean you just sit down for four weeks (with the S3 extension of two weeks). Maybe you belong in Bronze, maybe I belong in Silver and nothing higher than that, but it certainly doesn't mean either of us lack the ability to improve and actually DESERVE to be ranked higher. Key word: improve.   As an added note: I played support in 75% of my games. For the other 25%, I played mid. When I played mid, I played Karma, and I'll be honest - when I'm Karma mid I play her like a second support. I don't carry games; I wish I could but I can't (yet!). I can help a teammate carry; that's why I main support. One could call that a carry of sorts. Call it what you will, but if I'm this bad at League and still make it to S1 from Bronze in under a month, then you can too.
1	On average if you loose your lane, your 1/4 or so more likely to lose the game. Therefore if you consistently lose your lane, you consistently lose elo, elo reflects your skill.   However you cant really use that arguement for alot of events in LoL, for instance you and the other top could be equal cs and you could tp bot to help take drake, you get drake and lets say 3kills to 1 death on your team but loose top tower.   In that case you obviously came out better, but still lost your tower and fell behind in CS.   I managed to pull myself all the way from 800elo to silver pretty much playing Riven top constantly and winning my lane with several kills, then fell to bronze when people started being smarter in lane.   Another good point is people who rage about being in elo hell above 1200 are just talking nonsence, sure people do stupid things at this elo but being in the top 25% of players is still good, alot of players are quick to blame their teammates rather than look at their own mistakes   Anyway
1	I played a great game last night. We had fed early, but made up for it, catching up to them at 18.  After killing 4/5, we tried to push the last two towers.  Suddenly the end game music plays.  Excited that the other team surrendered to our awesome push, I was shocked and amused to see that their Pantheon had teled to our base and backdoored both towers and the nexus.  Rather than feeling bitter, I laughed.  It was a great game with a great ending.
1	Personally I have a friend with same problem but as he knows he shouldn't be playing games in 1st place so he just works out the visual game settings and tune them to minimum ammount of effects to be ok, like the post ult shockwave and brithness and such.   If you have health problem then there is always a solution, I bet Riot will do something about it but they shouldn't feel forced to.. because most of us loves flashy finishers with a bang! they make the game feel most exiting for general public   Also for peple that feel sick from playing should first of all  check the environment they are playing in. . going all Batman with dark room and super glowing screen inches from your face will make anyone sick after a long while and specially with badass Garens ult destroying you same goes with the sound etc.. just take care of you surroundings becouse you never know when something bad can happen.. like having epileptic attack while driving at night cuz of lights..   Just sharing a bit of my experience with the issue ;)
0	While I think the Scientologists are complete and total nutters, I still respect their right to Free Speech. If we're gonna pick and choose who gets which rights and deny some people rights just because we disagree with them, then we are no better than many other countries who are oppressing their citizens.
1	No, it isn't okay to afk unless something is happening that's important in real life. Like you said, you like to mute the one person who might be raging/flaming you. I don't see why you couldn't mute the three people who were bothering you and use the one who wasn't flaming you to relay game info back/forth if need be. Even if they were not trying, you should try, just so the game isn't completely ruined.
0	Serious response:   Cannabis has been shown to bring on mental health issues in teenage users and is also known to make existing mental health issues worse in some cases. Many of its lovely active ingredients have a depressant effect and there's a reason why paranoia is a well known side effect among stoners.   That said. I first used weed long after I was first diagnosed with depression and now I find it a helpful tool to use alongside the anti depressant that's controlling my problem. I struggle to "switch off" at night, suffer intrusive, negative thoughts when I try to sleep and I find getting high stops that. Certainly if someone has used cannabis before and able to objectively review its effect on their depression it may be worth considering but I would never suggest someone who has never used it to try it as an alternative to or supplement to SSRIs/MAOIs and therepy.   My advice to someone suffering the problems OP is is to change medication. Luckily my GP was quick to suggest a change as soon as I mentioned a loss of sex drive, to paraphrase her, "you don't want to add that to everything else that's going on."
1	People do realize that. Humans thou have a tendency of overlooking what is good (i.e. a great game riot made into a sport) and only see the negative aspects, especially if they themselves are influenced by it overlooking the arguments of the other side (a huge spike in players since it's the first day of a new season (similar to expansion in wow).
1	First of all many things are going to change by then... thinking of Riot going on with about 1 champ a month, that gonna be ~176 Champs. As now Riot wants a balanced game where all roles can achieve the same. Going through and thinking they will be able to do this in 5 years,  the champs with the most potential are gonna be these champs with : -mobility -damage -cc -pushing ability -1v1 ing ability (for splittpush)  .   who only get countered by a heavy dive bruisier meta... .   well, at a point there is going to be a cycle of meta which will alwais reset, until a point where not fitting teamcomps gonna crush it all, because they gonna have no counterplay... .   at this point the koreans will have like 16 champs core ban/pick which will be seen in every game through and for all the older champs,  lacking in all the "the plays!" the others can do easily, gonna get changed to the meta thendays...  Every pro player will need to play 5 champs on his position and there will be unwinable matchups, due to the number of champions and therefor the 100% kitcounter. The 8th. World Championship will be decided by Outsmarting in champ select  and due to the faster playstyle be over in 15 minutes. At this point many players gonna leave the playerbase cause they dislike the changes  (They are bad and don't understand the game) or they have anything else to do like job or stuff.... . .
0	A lot of people with asperger's are misdiagnosed. This is due to the fact that behavioral/developmental disorders are diagnosed through a process of observation instead of concrete biological tests. There's a chance you never had asperger's and you were just socially awkward (which is totally normal).   It's the same reason why millions of kids are on adderall. Kids are naturally hyper. But through "observational diagnosis" the only conclusion that doctors come to is that the children have ADD.
0	This happened to me a few months ago. I had my bike stolen out of the basement of the dorm that I live in. This was after I had my bike skeletonized 3 months prior and had to spend $300 on replacement parts. I had it locked to a bike rack with a U lock and gyroscopic wheel locks so I was taking precautions. There were even bikes that weren't locked just laying in the room. But the thief targeted my bike because it was a decently nice trek. I found the u lock bent and snapped on the ground where my bike used to be. The police officer said the thief probably used a car jack to pry open the u lock.  So I was feeling pretty down about the whole thing. I was out about $1k worth of bike (including replacement parts) and things were shitty. I resigned myself to the fact that I wouldn't ever see my bike again, but I fantasized about I'd kick my bike thief's ass if I saw him/her again. 1 month passed and I had forgotten about the bike. It was move out day and I was walking into my friend's dorm to help him move out when I stop to hold the door for a guy with a box in arm and a bicycle. I noticed that the bike looked quite similar to mine due to the color and front shocks. I then noticed the wheel locks and the wheel rack that were identical to mine. Finally I noticed the small slit in the bicycle seat that proved the bike identical to mine.   I couldn't believe my luck. I was holding the door open for the person who took my bike. All the fantasies that I had about kicking this asshole's teeth in we're nowhere to be found.  Instead I looked up from the bike and directly at the kid who was walking my property out of the dorm. I said,"that looks a lot like my bike." The prick turned pale, an muttered something about how that's funny. I pressed him further: "Yeah look that's identical to the bike that was stolen from me a month ago. Isn't that funny?" He wasn't laughing. Instead of curb stomping my bike thief, I made him an offer he couldn't refuse (without legal ramifications). I told him that he could either give me my bike back or I could call the police and they could run the serial number in the bike registry (which would have been possible had I registered my bike in that ststem). He didn't call my bluff. He eloquently stammered and attempted to explain how he had discovered the bike near the dumpster during move out and he was taking it home. He returned my property to me, but I wasn't finished yet. I made him give me his kryptonite lock and I made him take the key off his keyring which took him a good 2 minutes because he was so nervous. So I got my bike back and consider myself among the luckiest men at my university.
1	You have a few good points. Nobody really knows how she works, and yes her Spirit bond is nice when someone is chasing you. What if RERQ isn't enough? What if Lee Sin jumped back to his minions and then jumps forward again. You just blew everything and are now SOL. Meanwhile, Janna's shield is about the same strength, she knocked him up, slowed him for the total bonus of Karma's W and she has yet to knock him back out of the park when he jumps back on her.   Also, you seemed to have misunderstood me about her ultimate. Karma's  ultimate brings her QWE up to slightly above average for other supports. her having 6 points in her other ability is a cost, not a benifit. Not having a fight-changing ultimate is a cost. So she pays twice the cost for nothing. That's the big problem. Look at all the other support champions' ultimates. Sona: AOE stun Janna: AoE Knockback Alistar: CC break and super tankyness (He comes with an aoe knock up and a knock back.) Soraka: Global heal. Karma: can bring two of her abilities up from being trash to being slightly better than normal. No disruption, no OMG save from CC. No way to Secure that kill for her AD Carry.   Yes, Karma can be played as a mid, but with her range, Mordekaiser with Ghost is more tanky, more damaging and doesn't have to worry about that pesky mana.
1	yeah i know what your saying. im in bronze (not qq'ing, i realize my mechanics are completely trash) and whenever someone rages at me for leaving, for example, amumu open and the enemy team picks him, part of my soul just dies. personally, i think that statistics should be more a factor in solo que than it is at the moment, tornies, first of all are played at a completely different level AND with ridiculous synergy (at least compared with solo que and anything i will experience for myself)
0	More likely they are self centered, and have the attention span of a gnat.   I find myself in the same boat as the O.P. and it's always the same people.  I have no illusions of being the most interesting man in the world. Then again, I don't think the problem is always mine.  For one thing, it's always the the same people over and over.  How can anyone get so bored, or be so self centered that they HAVE to talk over top of someone else who's spoken for less than 10 seconds in a 10 minute "conversation"?   I don't know how it goes with most people but here is how it usually goes with me.   Imagine telling someone about a mutual acquaintance was just taken to the hospital after collapsing at work.  You are clearly upset, but 5 seconds in they get a vacant look on their face, and interrupt to tell you about their plans for dinner last night.  You stand there kind of stunned while they continue.  Next it's all about the new restaurant they tried last week,  After that it's several minutes about about some place they ate at last year on vacation.  Speaking of vacation, they want to try a cruise some time, but this year they're going to the beach, but not the same beach they went to last year, they're going to the opposite end of the same beach town. They're looking forward to renting a convertible this time, their van is super nice for a road trip but gas is so expensive that the rental will pay for itself, and hey, it's a convertible, at the beach. Oh and you remember Randy, that you met that one time about 14 years ago? No well let me tell you all about Randy's life history...  Anyway Randy got married to some lady from another state that neither of us has ever met, and they are expecting a baby. I really should buy them a present. Oh that reminds me I signed up for the Christmas saver plan thingie at my bank. My mom used to do that, but I didn't think anyone did that anymore, until I went in there the other day to get a replacement debit card. Don't you hate how debit cards don't read right when they get old? You know if you put a plastic bag over them, and then swipe them they work better for some reason.  Oh look at the time I've got to go. Been nice talking with you...
0	To be clear, the extent of our "friendship" was him delivering shit I bought off of Amazon to my office and me listening to him complain about how much he hates his job.
0	Let's do some role reversal with a much simpler problem:   You're a teacher. You're teaching students how to tie laces on a shoe. Your entire goal is that students leaving your class are equipped with the skill to tie shoe laces.   End of the class, you don't want to release "approved shoelace tiers" into the world without the students  actually  being able to tie some shoe laces, right? So, let's make a test. One question:   "Tie this shoe in front of me."   Sure enough, some student has his turn and he brings some duct tape and wraps it around the shoe. He's saying, "Well, it's tied! The shoe won't fall off! I want full credit!"   You're faced with this dilemma:     If you pass him, you're reinforcing the idea that he doesn't need to follow the rules and learn what is expected of him. He clearly hasn't demonstrated that he can tie a shoe... how's it going to look to his parents? "So and so can't actually tie his shoes!"     Remember: this isn't art class, this is shoe tying class     If you fail him, he's going to talk about how he can't believe he's being punished for thinking outside the box, and he actually did put his shoe on. But you're communicating clearly and succinctly, "You've got to learn this. It's my job to make you learn this."
0	Yeah so this happened about a year ago. My wife and I have two kids, a 4 year old daughter and a 1 year old son. We do not have any family nearby and we dont really have a babysitter, so we never get to go out. One day Im bitching about this at work to a new hire (Jen) and she says loves kids and would love to babysit one night. I jump on it, and we set a date for Friday and I make plans to take the misses to some fancy steakhouse that recently opened downtown. Since we never go out I decided to go a little overboard and I order two bottles of very fancy ass wine right off the bat. Now my wife is really not much of a drinker so I basically polish off two bottles of vino by myself. Needless to say, I was pretty hammered. By the time we get home its pretty late, and Jen asks if she can sleep on the couch, which is fine, and I go to bed. This I where my memory ends. At roughly 3:30 the next morning, I wake my wife up and hand her my 1 year old son, who is obviously in some sort of distress. He is soaking wet and crying. She thinks that maybe he just wet himself and got upset but as she begins to change him shes notices that his diaper is dry as a bone, and only his clothes are soaked. She also notices that he distinctly smells like urine. The next morning as I lay in bed horribly hungover, Jen mentions to my wife that she saw me stumble into the kids room, and heard me urinating. She has never offered her babysitting services to us again.
1	Think of ranked as a normal match. Have fun, it's just a game. My first ranked I got all serious and stuff and then I managed to throw it hard because I got nervous. Just relax and play as if you were playing with friends and what not.   Also -- DO NOT DUO WITH RANDOMS.  This is really important to all people starting ranked. You think someone does good one game and then inv them and team up and then they are just horribad next game. It's not always their fault but I would suggest only doing ranked with duo if you have had practice/synergy.
1	I didn't know ryze was reworked, and when I came back onto him I was severely disappointed. I still won that particular game but ryze essentially has the same play style where you just wait for a team fight and just clean up shop.
1	I feel like i need to play him more and that so far no one found the 'true' way to play him but here is my opinion of him so far:   Rengar problem is that he invest to much in versatility and he isnt speciallised enought. CHmapions are normaly taken because the excel in one area(cc,ganking,tanking,damaging,bursting,etc) but while he has a bit of everything he just doesnt compare to others in any category.   He has an heal and armor increase and a burst ability and some cc   but he doesnt make them fit together well. He isnt tanky enought, doesnt do enought damage and has trouble with getting in range. If there are no bush near him, he gets kitted endlessly(and they dont even need a slow) because he cannot stick to a target   i tried building him defensive with stuff like phage/aegis/wriggles/randiun and he was doing no damage while still being squishy  and  i tried building him offensive with brutaliser, maw, bloodthirster, trinity and he was dealing way more damage(but less than othe class canon) but was even squishier.   even going all out defensive and use the proc for the heal, you still are squishier than 80% of other top and jungler. and if you build glass canon, you dont do as much damage as most   I feel like riot needs to rework his roar/heal. Make spammable like his Q but make the heal a lot weaker and make the damage weaker to. This will give him more constant sustain in the jungle and will allow him to clear faster with the aoe.   I have no idea how to make him better top, all the enemy has to do is stand far from the brush and fight him when he only has 1-2 stack to win trades. His kit looked very strong for top but i havent had any succes there
0	Yeah that makes sense. Although, even with the meetings, the work week shouldn't exceed four days. It seems to me that our lives are spent slaving away at work 5 out of 7 days of the week, and then spend the two days we get off fixing any issues within our own household. That doesn't seem enjoyable to me. I hate that society has taken everything to extremes, life in America no longer seems to be laid back and enjoyable.
1	Cresent slash is physical damage, you need to check your armour.   The death log is generally a pain - and since I  play  akali rather than play against her it is hard to tell. It might include the Q proc as cresent slash, but I am not sure - since the proc does magic damage and cresent slash does physical, unless the spell says 'mixed', I doubt it is merged. At level 13, she should have it at rank 5 if that helps your maths.
1	All colby did was repeat the same shit over and over.  He needs to not commentate ever. YOU KNOW, THEY DIDNT TAKE BARON CAUSE HE DIDNT NOM THE BARON, IF HE NOMMED THE BARON THEN THEY WOULD OF HAD BARON... SO YOU KNOW IF THE NOM DID GO OFF THE BARON FIGHT WOULD OF BEEN IN THEIR FAVOUR, SO THIS IS WHY THE OTHER TEAM IS IN THE GREEN BECAUSE OF THE NOM THAT DID NOT HAPPEN ON BARON.   Did you know that the nom on baron did the snowball, because I dont think I got that the nom on baron started the whole snowball of that game.
1	I have a question - do you ever find yourself miss clicking? I mean, just your thumb seems extremely difficult. I even found pressing the buttons with my pinky easier than my thumb.   By miss clicking I mean either hitting 2 buttons at once Q/W or W/E for example, or just flat out hitting the wrong key? It just seems difficult to remember your place on the keyboard with your thumb or 1 finger in general. Is there anything you use to always remember your place?
1	I don't know what it is, but there's something about this team that I really like. It isn't even the players. I think it is how this is more or less the first western team to try to make this into a more professional environment. They really have a coach. They really have support staff. They really have an office they go to work at which isn't their home. They are sort of an experiment and I think that's compelling.   This is like a pioneer team going through the growing pains of being the first western team to do this. You can see the struggles of players having a coach they don't all like, but are willing to listen to since their boss requires them to. You can see the lack of friendship, but simultaneously the strength of 5 players sharing a competitive drive to win. It is like on one hand they are more organized than other teams I see, yet on the other it seems like behind the scenes they are just a small losing streak away from imploding. It is like this exact roster on any other team's infrastructure would already imploded ten times over by now. But this team has this resiliency and risk taking that seems to keep them barely holding on with their fingertips. In other words, this team has dynamics going on that no other team in the west has ever had and I'm confident in being able to say that with certainty.   It is an awesome story and I love how this series is so well done at documenting a generous portion of this team's evolution. Even if we don't get to see everything, we see more than most other teams are willing to reveal and I respect that as well.
0	Just because they started something the credit shouldn't automatically go to them. The concept of a meme could be good, but the real gold is the individual uses of a meme.  Of course the inventor of the brush should get some credit for possibilities like Mona Lisa, but the real artist is still DaVinci.   There's a lot of gold on 4chan, but that's just because there's so many posters, some of it is bound to be gold. Finding gold on 4chan is like finding a needle in a haystack, since most of the posts are shit.  Don't forget, 4chan was practically the inventors of dead horse beating and forced memes.   Don't get me wrong, all this applies to reddit as well, but I tend to like the structure/system here a lot more.  ..And call me ol' fashioned, but I'm not a fan of the overuse of terms like "nigger" and "faggot" (Oh wait, that's just because I'm not 13 years old).   Damn, this post wasn't supposed to be this long, oh well.
1	The issue with naut and many other tanky junglers is that brusiers do it better early. In those early ganks they bring damage to the fight with some form of cc.(typically) For instance if you don't land a hook with naut you aren't doing anything pre 6.(its much harder to land than j4 eq or elise e or even lee q) Even if you do land the q the enemy can flash out before your slow or the .5 second root. It also only does 60 damage compare that to any of the top jungle picks damage output from their cc or that can follow their cc before the flash.(elise, j4, and lee have reliable gap closers as well)   The biggest reason to have a tanky jungler is for early(ish) tower dives which has not only taken a hit as turrets get buffed, but is hard to pull of as naut because he is generally all in and has no mobility after using his hook.(this is true for all tanky junglers pretty much) Elise and lee can get in and get out which makes them much better than tanky junglers at diving early.   Late game scaling is also an issue because for the most part damage scales much better than tankyness late game, and the fact that as a tanky jungler unless you get fed your going to have around 10% more gold than your support. Taking kills on a tanky jungler who has low natural damage output is really risky because your team(the damage) is not getting far enough ahead. For example leona, ali, and braum are all tankier than you will be even with the ~+10 gold income. Another issue is no matter how tanky you get that 5 item adc is still going to burn you down pretty fast after they ignore you and finish off the rest of your team. Top tier junglers still have ways to remain threatening even late game.(lee kicking the enemy adc into your team, elise can potentially kill the enemy adc or at least wound them heavily while getting out, eve kinda falls off, but that ult makes her really tanky and she is usually threatening enough to make the adc focus her and is kinda hard to kite)
0	why do you have a problem with public female toplessness?   i really don't...just like i don't have a real problem with pride parades.  but most people don't think highly of females that go topless in public, much in the same way as people don't think highly of participants in pride parades that go around almost naked.  I also don't think too highly of guys that walk around topless in public places.   topless females don't really aid the growth of feminism... inappropriate pride parade attire doesn't help the growth of gay rights.   the question is where you draw the line?  would it be cool for me to set up an outdoor projector and watch hardcore porn on it?  hardocre S&M? when you're kid's eating his breakfast cereal?  it's shoving sexuality down other people's throats, its distracting, it's slightly inappropriate.  In public you should dress fairly modestly if you want people to respect you.  I find that the less you wear, the less people take you seriously as a person.   >Do you have a problem with public male toplessness?   male breasts aren't sexualized to the same extend as female breasts, which has a lot to do with evolution, biology and their function (EDIT: and social norms). and i do have a problem with male toplessness to a certain degree.  its tasteless in public, other than the beach (which is at least a separated area where everyone agrees that behavior is allowed).  Just like strap-ons and dog collars are allowed in S&M dungeons.  there's an appropriate place for everything.  There are at least some nude and topless beaches as well (one can argue, not enough).  Feel free to show off your goods there.   I would probably be cool with Denmark style beaches being the norm (because there are topless and nude beaches in the US). but again, keep it at the beach.   not saying this should be a law either, but its just a bit tasteless and makes me not respect the individual.   >Do you make an exception for breast feeding, or do you consider that to be "inappropriate" as well?   i think a female (EDIT: probably) should go to the bathroom or private area to do it in most cases.  but if she needs to do it in public then it's fine and it's much more acceptable because it is needed for the child's survival and development, she doesn't necessarily chose the time and place, her child does.  Either way, i would think she would want to cover up, to a certain degree, while she does it.  I don't know many women that like to show off their boobs in public.  If someone is breastfeeding in public I usually look away to show some respect and privacy   >They aren't sex organs and there's nothing inherently sexual about them   i'm fairly sure they are sex organs....or at least they are sexualized (if that's a word).  Either way, showing too much skin in public just makes you look sleazy and tastelss. i'm not talking about making this a law, but plenty of other tasteless things aren't against the law.   EDIT:
0	Fat used to be considered a basic standard of beauty. This was back in the day when food was not as easy to come by as it is now. A fat woman was instinctual attractive because it was intuitively recognized that they could probably bear a child. The closer a culture got to a healthy standard of living (food for everyone in this case), the less they idolized the fat woman, and the more they idolized the skinny woman. Even college males who enter a cafeteria (are hungry) are more likely to say they are attracted to heftier women than a male leaving the cafeteria (not hungry). Source: psychology student.
0	I worked with a girl who did this to her boyfriend. I have rarely seen her level of crazy in the decade I last worked with her.
1	Better than 89% of the community? check Have you provide any source that you know what you talk about? No Is winning better than score? Yes
0	I'm actually very happy. :D  My comment wasn't about protecting my self esteem.   I am, however, finding doing something related to biking difficult and hear the "just do it" a lot (I'm trying almost every day but it's a slow progress for me). It is possible that I was sensitive because I don't like that attitude. I do like it when people say, for example, "just make sure you're pushing the pedals hard when you try it." I do NOT appreciate "I've been doing it since I was 7, just do it."
1	I get this feeling Regi may not be the shotcaller for long, even if he remains team manager....and personally, I view that as a far better thing.  The Chaox - WT move was impulsive, rash, sudden, and biased...and while it did freshen up the team for a time and reinvigorate everyone, it's also lead to uncertainty, the revealing of WT's expected inadequate experience, and strategies being limited and based around WT's limited pool. We don't know how easily/quickly WT can learn new ADCs. We DO know Chaox is one of the better NA ADCs for consistency in play, and as far as I know that meant he could also learn new characters quickly if needed. I think that's probably evident by him playing a lot of cait and drav during his week long benching, as if he wanted to learn WT's pool to add to his own to show pools couldn't...or shouldn't...be an issue.   I think what TSM really needs is new shotcaller(s). Regi obviously can't do them effectively anymore and/or is faltering, Dyrus would be a poor choice for it (Love the guy but really not a good choice), and WT is still far too green/blue/new/inexperienced to be suitable. That leaves Oddone and Xpecial...Personally? Oddone has good shotcall potential for the early/possibly mid game, being a jungler he'd be seeing the whole map far more than the others would....And xpecial would probably be good for shot calling mid/late game, being he'd be the one going around warding n supporting team he'd could be/is watching the map; we all know how brutal xpecial can be with other more carry oriented roles, which speaks of his mechanics and strength as a player. Even if he's not a theorycrafter on scale with how chaox is/was for the team, presumably his strong mechanics and high skill at his base as a  player  and not just a support would lend themselves well to him when attempting to gauge the enemy or plan moves for himself/the team in response/anticipation...   The more I look at it, the more I view that as potentially devastating. Think about how it could work; Oddone and xpecial are two different people. Two different personalities. Two different ways of playing the game, like any two people will be. If TSM can get them both to be shot callers, one for the first half and the other calling for second half of the game...Either they get the two to tone down their varying personalities/preferences and mesh together to create a cohesive, consistent playbook to draw from for calls... OR  if they can make it work, the even more devastating alternative; two different play styles working together. Think about how brutal that could be for other teams to experience; say the first half of the game is full of slightly more passive pressure with consistent ganking but no early game objective rushes...and then suddenly the team fight stage hits, and BAM baits n feints and aggressive pressure out the ass the second team fights start, be they 15 or 25 minutes in!   Now let's say the team/oddone can't or won't do more passive early games in comparison to a more aggressive mid/late game to make brutal sudden play style switch ups. Well you can be aggressive in different ways, I think we can all agree. There are different ways and play styles that while different in form or focus...at the base, they'd still be "aggressive" play styles. A team aggressively counter jungling is different than a team aggressively CS-ing or a team aggressively tower pushing, but at the base they're still being aggressive; they're still pushing an attack on the enemy. Now at the professional levels, practically  every  play style will have various bits of others. A team focusing on hardcore tower pushes early on will still be aggressive at taking enemy jungle or cs when/where possible. A team focusing on delaying the game and winning the CS game for a late game victory will still take towers if/when/where needed. But they're still two different ways of being aggressive. Imagine a team that could pull them both off, effortlessly switching between the two mid game to throw off the enemy's confidence. Impossible? No. Improbable? Not really. Hard to pull off effectively and consistently? Sure...but my god if they can do it...   It would be absolutely brutal if they can pull it off effectively/consistently. There's nothing more potentially demoralizing than fighting a team who can so easily and effectively switch up their play styles as a cohesive whole mid-match...it's practically like fighting a different team, and if they aren't known for those sorts of plays...you're not conditioned or practiced to expect them from that team, and hell...often times in a singular game, you've already adjusted your play based on what they did in the first half...what if in the second half, the team just flips around and starts doing the opposite of what you expected? Now that positioning that before was perfect is out of position now, now that once effective aggressive harass was a bait to get your or your team caught out of place.   Example: You know how to fight Team A. You know how to fight Team B. You know their strategies, tricks, preferences, etc. You expect Team A to play the waiting game and delay until 40+ minutes so their individually high player skill/mechanics will start outshining your teams, even if as a whole they lack team coordination compared to your team. You expect Team B to play a super aggressive korean style split push. Just because you know how to beat those two play styles does not mean you can beat/counter/adjust quickly enough to those strategies if they're suddenly coming from unexpected teams. If Team A suddenly plays like B and B plays like A, you'd  probably  be mostly adjusted after say 10-20 minutes after the changes, regardless of whether they changed up strategies from the start, or if they changed mid-game. But by then, the damage would be done. You're unsettled, you're in unplanned territory, treating B like A, and A like B...But wait, now B has gone back to playing like themselves, and the same with A! Now you're in the wrong mindset again!   People tend to overestimate the ability to adapt that pros in sports, game or otherwise, have. Do pros adapt often, regularly, and effectively? Yes, in games with ever changing plays and strategies they must. Will they do it effectively mid-game if the changes in plays by the opposition are sudden, unexpected, and an antithesis to the prior styles seen? Not often, no. The greats in any sports, be they real or esport...They could adjust quickly enough to make it count. (See Savior, SCBW) But the 'average pro' would not likely do it mid game. Oh for sure by the next game they'd be ready for it, even if they'd still require practice to consistently react to the changes in an effective manner...but mid-game? Not bloody likely.
0	Throughout a class I had this semester, there was a girl that sat in front of me. She took snap chats of herself every second she got. In a dark lecture hall and me possessing basic human biology, l ended up looking at the light being moved around a row below. Every single one of these selfies ended up with me in them staring at the camera. I once wondered if she noticed. So, I would lean so I was blocked by her head. She turned around and looked at me. I suspected that I had gained traction as a theme in her background. It was really weird and made me uncomfortable. I thought about moving, but with it being this late in the semester, I decided to just ignore it. The last day, I moved a seat over. I noticed I was still in her selfie somehow, so I started attempting to move out of sight. I couldn't. She was purposefully putting me in her selfies. Perhaps, it was because we were actual opposites. She was all perfect all the time for an 8 am class and, if you were lucky, I would roll in wearing PJS. Usually, I would just wear yesterday's clothes. Any reason for it, some girl has dozens of pictures of herself with me staring with annoyance directly into the camera.
1	In terms of strict competitive pro level games there is a great disparity that can be seen. On one end there are players who only play a few champs (limited pool) while some play a large number of champs (large pool). The first case is a result of the meta component of pro LoL. Under the assumption that all pro level players are good with almost all champs, there are only a number that they can consider for their role in terms of viability and team comps. For example, off the top of my head, Dade from NBS (I believe) was said to have a very small champ pool at top because of the type of comp the team likes to play and the fact that many of his usual picks got nerfed. On the other hand a player like Faker is said to have a large champ pool because he plays many champs that are viable to a very high level. Yes he could play many mids, but to play at such a high level with so many champs that are considered viable is a testament to his value as a pro player. All in all the point Im trying to make is yeah you can play many champs decent, and maybe win more than not, but to be playing at a very high level many, many, many games are needed to master the champ mechanics imo. Oh and soloqq is much different than competitive gaming and thus have different requirements
1	Lissandra is just a perfect example for his so called "toxic gameplay", not getting in range of that r skill is not an easy task since she has a high range engage, I'm not saying that Liss is too strong, I was just trying to say that there are other champions with "toxic gameplay", where you have to buy QSS, I think riot should just buff cleanse a little bit, because buying QSS delays your build a whole lot.
1	My level 30 friend got me into League. I was level 4 and he was Gold 5 if that mattered (back this March). He told me to play Janna, cast a shield on him, and sometimes use my tornado and bird to "distract" (peel) the enemy while he kills them.   Never have I learned something so quickly. Picked up Annie and I have screenshots of me going godlike every game when I didn't duo with him. Playing against 30's really raises your threshold of how to perform.   Item builds are the only thing that took me awhile. Building Hextech Revolver on Caitlyn because I thought she would do more damage with another gun.
0	Yeah, I get the gist of what youre saying.  Do you?   >[because most vegans are vegans for ethical reasons...Most seem to assume that one would only be vegan for ethical reasons   Do you see the fallacy here?  I understand the tendency for this to occur, but that doesnt make it valid.   Because most people like chocolate, I could assume that everyone likes chocolate.  I would be wrong.  I can defend it however I want, but is simply and provably false.  I can say that you got the gist of what i meant, but what I said is still wrong.   I realize that the " most ...assume that one would only be vegan for ethical reasons" was my statement originally, and now youre in the position of defending a statement that you didnt even make in the first place.   Honestly, I'm confused about what youre arguing for.
0	I got two Valintines. One from my mom and one from my 6 year old nephew.
1	To be fair, as someone who regularly is on the other end (top/mid laner) some junglers take the PISS. Their jungle is completely respawned, I go B and shop, I don't mind them lasthitting at tower or at the wave, aslong as it doesn't push lane. But I've had Shyvana's come in with full jungle respawns up, including red buff, at around 10 minutes ish, just farming my lane. That's when I kindly ask "Shyvana, stop pushing my lane please, go back to jungle." I'm hastily responded to by a "Stfu noob I'm only farming. lol." Or "Ffs, I'm not ganking mid now."
1	Main problem is that he got lost in patches and updates like alot of old champions do, who plays annie anymore when there is xerath/brand/cassio and others? Ezreal's only advantage over any other ad carry was his earlygame that he can snowball from.... His ult/e+q combo can get someone down to 1/3 of hp and if they derp might kill them. Graves have same burst, more armor, and he doesn't have to rely on skillshots that much. He might be fine as champion, he is just outclassed by others.  That being said, he is not bad, its just he is outclassed by others, you can outplay someone if your personal skill is higher then enemy player, but at the end of a day? Why not play cait/graves...they do everything better then him.
1	Regardless of how bad of a game this was for TL. I think this gives a really good insight into the communication issue the team is having, and not to jump on the bandwagon, but I feel like Piglet is the catalyst for the lack of communication. I've been in groups where you ask someone a question, they don't respond, and the group as a whole becomes less communicative and more cold/quiet. You see the beginning of the video, Dom asks Piglet about playing against Impact and Piglet completely ignores him.
0	I'm a slob. I admit it. Not to the point where my house is a disaster, but if the dinner dishes don't get done until the next day I don't care. Bed's unmade? Whoop de do. There are some toys laying around? Don't care. We live here, it's not a museum. I've got a kid and three shedding pets. My house will NEVER be perfectly clean.   My husband is a clean freak and has been since the day we met. Our differences on this topic were a major problem in our relationship, to the point where we almost split because of it (this was before we were married). So we learned to compromise.   We've each had to give a little bit - I try to keep things cleaner, he has become more accepting of clutter when it's there. I'm glad we didn't let this be a deal-breaker for us because I can't imagine not having the family I have now.
0	Well.. from what I've seen of the world, the suburbs tend to host the more educated people. (Depending on the suburb of course.) But a lot of suburbs where I live tend to be filled with upper middle class and upper class people who are paying for private school or sending their kids to a good public school.
0	I'm a little over 7 months pregnant and after a long and frustrating confrontation with a crotchety old neighbor telling me that I am not allowed to park in my own parking space because it is inconvenient for him when he has guests I was emotional and upset and decided to give into the urge and run into McDonald's and grab a breakfast before work.   When I walked up to the counter to pick up my bag of food the cashier (a 50ish year old hill billy looking woman with barely a handful of teeth) reached across the counter and put her hand behind the bag of food i was holding and rubbed my belly and asked if it was a boy or a girl.   I am usually pretty good in the moment and able to react to things quickly but i have never been more surprised or speechless in my life. I wish i could say i gave her a witty response, put her in her place and made her rethink touching people she has never ever met before.   I didn't... I said "its a boy" as i ran out of the restaurant so fast i didn't get a straw for my orange juice. Been kicking myself about it for days, if there is a next time I am going to steal your idea!
0	Because people have different plans? Maybe she's content with being pregnant at 18 and raising a kid with a father who has a low-paying job. Maybe they're not even going to be in a low socio-economic status; maybe they're going to run a successful business with their high school diplomas; maybe one or both of them are going to go to post-secondary education anyway. Who the hell cares? She's happy and people who care are happy that she's happy.
1	Open game.cfg in Riot Games folder in NotePad. Find "ShadowsEnabled", "PerPixelPointLighting", "EnableGrassSwaying". Set them = 0 if you want to disable it. FPS skyrocket   my
1	I've gone through this myself, twice now actually. I started playing about two years ago for the first time. After awhile I grew tired with the game and took a break. Then I came back, and after awhile, took yet again another break. I've only come back to league recently (within the last two months).   If the game loses interest there isn't anything you can really do. Maybe try new champions, new game modes, or playing with friends. If none of these do the trick then just stop playing and try out new games. That's what I ended up doing. Eventually those games will lose their hook and as I have you'll probably be drawn back to league.
0	So, it is the best to use the 'easy' way and beat them, right? I hate when I have explain why it is so wrong to a parent.   First, your kids are PEOPLE. They have their own cognitive abilities, their own way of thinking and stuff even when they're too young to look intelligent. But the problem is, parents are the primary factor to shape these early phases of cognition. So, if you are too lazy to emphatize with your child and take him/her as a human like you and instead choose to spank, you will teach them a fear-based way of avoiding things. They will do things depending on the people around etc. and not on why or what can why cause. So after a point, you can't get to actually speak to your kid through reasoning because he/she won't know what that is. You won't be able to communicate in ways except award/punishment until he/she grows up to be an adult.   I have two 4 yr old relatives in my family. They're cousins and both are boys and live in different cities but are not so different from each other. One has parents who always let him free and explain his mistakes by talking like an adult at the first place without trying to use 'discipline'.   His cousin though, has a relatively traditional kind of family. His mom does not even try to talk to him. She sometimes takes him out and commands him like commanding a dog, talking with sentences like "Don't go there!", "Come back!", "Stop!", "That dog will bite you if you go further, come back!". When he is with his cousin, the difference is so obvious. He is socially awkward and tries to do 'extreme' things like running barefoot on the road and other things his mom forbids him whenever she leaves him. His cousin looks way more intelligent than him and can talk with complex sentences with several words and he can even use a computer even though he can't read. His cousin runs from laptops for once getting a spanking after dropping his dad's laptop.
1	For those playing for the first time (and veterans as wells), please do NOT become a person in ranked that you don't want to play with, and ain't talking about feeding, I'm talking about being a douche to your teammates.   Seriously, you gain absolutely nothing to be mistreating people, the only thing you can get with poor behavior is a troll or an AFK.   Also, do NOT start blaming your team in all chat, that make you look even more like an asshole, and if I'm in the other team I actually going to use that against you because I already know that you are in a bad mood, and normally people in bad mood play worse   >If life give you lemons, make them rage quit.   Instead, be the player that actually try to calm down people and make them focus on objectives, you don't know the things you can recover from until your team gets clean Aced but you still win thanks to Winions.   If someone is bullying during the game, and won't stop, mute that player and keep playing, don't get in a fight with that person, is NEVER worth it. Just report it at the end.   Also reports DO work, we did a experiment with a friend and he got 26 chat restricted games (he was being an assholes in game, but if he finds out it was us, he would kill us D: )
1	right back from LCS day 2!   ok aatrox, in soloQ he can be played 2 ways, either split push with a lot of early damage or teamfighting tank with a lot of ways to not die.   Me personally i would always go for a level 2 kill, starting with e and trying to get as many hits onto your lane opponent as possible (quick tip most soloQ players will turn away if they are slowed/damaged early on so if you land your E on them try and get in a few autos).   If you beat them to level 2 you should go in as soon as possible to try and kill, usually taking your W. most players dont keep track of if you have an impowered W or not so you can unload mass damage in 1 auto without them expecting it. after that in lane you should be the lane bully, ward up and keep on getting the unexpected dmg W on your opponent. be careful of your passive though, you loose a lot of your lane pressure and your opponent will feel they can really kill you if it is down.   For the split pushing type game summoners are usually Flash/Ignite or Flash/exhuast (mostly to win auto attack trades so good v people like trynd). Build would be rush bork and add either a brute/hexdrinker or hyndra to push the waves, after that its full on tank so randys or spirit visage or banshees etc.   The tank build is only slightly different, still rush bork to trade in lane but then cut out any more dmg items and just go full tank for the situation. Summoners for this build are usually Flash/Teleport just so you can be a teamfighter at any time e.g. drag fights.   Main thing is your passive is very important so always keep track of when if its up. if you can jump into a teamfight, deal mass dmg and soak up all the dmg for your passive then your team can just clean-up whilst you are using your passive.   in terms of skill preference its E>W>Q   usual rule with his different W is use the dmg W until you get to 60% or less hp then swap to the healing auto whilst in lane.
1	Different people probably call it different things. It's revolves around knowing how many turret shots it's going to take to reset the lane, and how many minions are behind your push.     We know casters take 2 towers shots and melee 3. We also know that turrets have a static .83 Attack speed (inhibitor towers rest at 4 ATK/second).   We also know minions take 25 seconds from spawn to reach our side lanes tier 1. Knowing these tidbits even rounding tower shots time to 1 ATK/Second can really help players figure out if minions are going to reach the lane before the tower has ample time to clear them out.     "Knowing your push count" basically means "Knowing how many of each minion are present in my push". With 7 casters and 4 melee you know you're going to take about 26 shots.   26 shots /(divided) .83 ATK/Second= 31 seconds (I just average 1 shot per second in game for simplicities sake. After a while you're doing it all naturally without any real thought.)   31 seconds is how long it will take for the tower to clear your push in this scenario. If the value exceeds 25 seconds and a fresh wave has spawned, or 10 seconds and the enemy wave is at their tier 2, you know that the lane won't reset after you go B and will be pushed in their favor.   That's going to take your enemies tower well over the 25 seconds it takes for the enemy minion wave to get to lane off a fresh spawn, so if your HP permits you should be extending past the turret and catching this wave before it reaches your minions to maximize both damage to the tower/guarantee the lane resets before you return.
0	That's is unfair to say. Here in Murica food stamps only gives poor people so much money to spend and healthy organic food is way more expensive and outside the price range of the less fortunate. There only option is to buy the unhealthy chemicals laced food which make there kids fat and unhealthy. It's hard enough to barely be able to afford food but to penalize you parenting for something that is out of their control is stupid and ridiculous. I am on food stamps and am Just lucky enough to Live in a rural area next to all the farms so good healthy fresh organic fruits, vegetables and meats are cheap and readily available.  On the other hand though if the parents are making enough money where healthy food is an option those parents shouldn't have their kids taken away but forced to take child nutrition courses to correct their kids weight before and long lasting health issues arise.
1	IMO suppressions are quite weak. If the champion that casts it is displaced or stunned in any way, it breaks. This makes it pretty easy to stop a WW or Malz ult on any of your teammates. If a teammate gets initiated on, all you have to do is couterengage on the Warwick or malzahar, who is unable to move while channeling. Your enemies will have 1 less ultimate for the battle. And top of that the enemy team will be out of position, especially malzahar has a hard time teamfighting with a tanky frontliner in his face and no natural escapes in his kit, which is also very likely to happen if he, during a temfight moves foward to combo your backline. Unless your squishies decide that they want to go full retard and just frontline face first into a malzahar or ww ult. But at that point, it is the ad/ap carry's own fault.   As far as laning vs malzahar goes, he is a pretty weak pre 6. Because of his low range and small manapool. So if you just play a mid-long range midlaner, you should easily be able to poke/push him out of lane, and establish dominance. He is also very easy to gank, while his flash is down.
1	while this is true, there aren't many melee ads that can't deal with him. He's most recently been picked as a counter to jax and I agree that's good. Irelia can do fine against him, Udyr can...he's great versus champions like Tryndamere/Fiora but they aren't even played that much anyways. In higher level play where only the strongers laners are picked, he's not by any means a lane dominant hero (unless picked as a counter like he should be obviously) and is picked for his use in teamcomps. And his "countering AD" is great for late game, but it's not nearly as hard a deny in lane as something like teemo.
0	Heh. I moved back to Central America for a few years, you know, to absorb the culture and learn Spanish and all that (was roughly 10 - 11 years old).   The teacher argued with me for 10 minutes, because she was absolutely, 100% adamant that the word "question" was, in fact, spelt with a " c ". She would not relent. " IT'S SPELT, 'CUESTION'! "   I proceeded to, very vulgarly, tell her off in fluent English, using a plethora of words that I knew she would not understand. She took me to the office and tried her damnedest to get my expelled. And attempted to coerce me in to translating what I'd said.   I took the week suspension for not doing so. She was promptly replaced with someone who  actually  went to a North American university to study English.
0	The landlord would have no grounds to evict the roommate based on the fact that he's a douchebag to the OP and might be a douchebag in regards to the apartment.   That said, if OP left, the landlord absolutely could require the roommate to pay full rent  or be evicted.  Normally, when you sign a lease with roommates, you're jointly and severally liable for rent.  Simply put, that means that each tenant is fully responsible for the rent.  The division of rent between roommates isn't the llandlord's concern. If the total rent is $600 and each roommate agrees to pay $300, if roommate 1 pays his share and roommate 2 doesn't, the landlord can still go after roommate 1 for the other $300.  He can't double dip, so can only collect $600 total, but he can go after whoever is most likely to pay.   If the OP leaves and breaks the lease, then the landlord can go after him for the rent, but he can also require the OP's roommate to pay the full rent to continue living there.  If OP's roommate does end up paying full rent, he can turn around and sue OP for OP's share under agreement that OP and roommate had, but it's not the landlord's problem.   This may vary in some jurisdictions or if the lease says otherwise, but that's the general rule.
0	I think it has more to do with the hypothetical reactions to the situation, and perhaps lack of empathy to other drivers?   Some people must drive slower than the rest of the flow of traffic, which can be due to many factors such as age, poor eyesight, or mechanical issues with their car.  This is understandable and forgivable, as such traffic is generally directed to the outer (slower) lanes so that the flow of traffic is not impeded.  A car coming up faster behind them will, at most, have to slow down momentarily if the passing lane is blocked while they wait for it to clear and go around.   However, when the slow car in the outer lane speeds up to match the car attempting to pass, a blockage is created: either the car attempting to pass must slow down and pull back behind the ex-slow car, which means any other traffic behind the passing car must also make adjustments; or else the passing and slow car form a two-lane block which sort of screws the pooch for everyone behind them.   The point is that civil/kind/courteous drivers attempt to cause as little issue for the other drivers on the road as possible while getting to their destination.
1	Seating: If you are near the front of the line you are seated in the front row (they seat you) and they move to the second row once first row is full (and continues). The chairs are super close together so if someone is like 20lbs over weight; you will be squished together with them (only bad part about the experience, also the chairs are uncomfortable.)   Yes you do get to meet the pros (take pictures; get autographs) if they decide to come down to the live floor. You can also buy some neat shirts/posters and the such. Also if you can catch, every time after a game you get a chance at having a poro thrown your way. It's not really something I'd do alone though.
1	Ok, people may not agree with me on this, but here's my 2 cents. Personally, I think although this was a decent play, it wasn't really highlight worthy, I mean when he walked out of the brush he got a very lucky crit on jayce with his 8% crit from Brawlers gloves just before the exhaust from bloodwater. If the exhaust had have gone off before the crit, double would have died.   Also, he was lucky to crit in the first place, as he did a total of about 7-8 auto-attacks on sid, which with his 8% crit chance was incredibly lucky to crit on his 2nd auto-attack. This crit also kicked in the passive from the offensive masteries along with executioner being activated earlier.   I feel that the best part of the play was the dodge on bloodwater's ult, as if that had hit he would have died to sid. But even this was incredibly lucky timing, probably pre-emptive also, but even so he was guessing at best.   Then once jayce was dead, there was nothing left of the play, sona's q was on cooldown so she had no way to kill him through his lifesteal and then he also crit her with his 8% crit chance, another luck factor.   Although I feel that the play looks good and obviously doublelift is an incredibly good player, but I don't really feel that this was highlight worthy.
0	Well, it isn't about being white. His comment led me to believe that he is a white person in a predominantly white area. If I am incorrect I apologize.   Basically, I suppose my point is this. Whatever the dominant race is in any given area is going to be far less likely to notice any kind of racism. They are the dominant group and have all the power so it is very easy to simply ignore issues of race or get super offended at the first occurrence of some kind of racism that goes their way.   I'm sorry that you experience a high level of racism in your life, that is highly unfortunate and I hope things better for you. No one should deal with that.
0	I used to think the Taco Bell diarrhea thing was a made up joke too.  Then I stopped eating Taco Bell for about a year.  When I had Taco Bell again, I got horrible diarrhea.  I thought, eh...it's just a one time thing.  Had it again, diarrhea again.  Probably had Taco Bell 3-4 times since and each time I'm like "damn, forgot I get that diarrhea now"  So yeah, it's a real thing.  Apparently if you eat Taco Bell regularly (as I did) you build up an immunity.
0	This is still using sex as a tool of manipulation, even if your intent is (relatively) positive, because of the inverse impication, i.e. if he doesn't do it then he doesn't get the reward. I mean this is exactly how we train dogs, i.e. proper task performance followed by desired reward (food for "shaking"), no performance no reward.   Think about it like this. Would you be upset/hurt if he used the same tactic on you. For example, let's say he hates cleaning the bathroom and he knows you really like going for long walks but he really doesn't. So, he says if you clean the bathroom then i'll go on a walk with you. Now you might say "well I would be fine with that," but remember that the only reason he is doing it is because there is a quid pro quo. What happens if the bathroom is already clean, i.e. nothing to trade? Or, what if you say no but ask if he'll still go on the walk and he refuses? How do you feel then?   I find sexual "quid pro quo" highly offensive and inequitable because women have a clear advantage in this aspect of the relationship. Women, you have to admit that you have 99% control over the sexual activity in the relationship.   Now, the women will respond and say that is bullshit because their man has turned them down before. Agreed, men do turn down sex. Total eclipses of the sun happen also, but they are a reasonably uncommon occurence. So, let's agree that the frequency with which men are turned down for sex (only talking about within a relationship) in relation to the number of times men turn down sex is rather out of balance. This creates a marked imbalance of power in the relationship. Marked imbalances in power in a relationship always lead to problems. (Note: I am not using the word power not to imply control or dominance, but rather to illustrate when one person may feel unappreciated or not an equal partner in the relationship.)
0	If boys had vaginas they'd realize that queefing is no grosser than farting. And if boys could fart out of their dicks, girls would probably think it was even grosser than ass farting, and be hypocritical in thinking so. Gross is gross, I don't see why lacking the necessary parts makes it grosser.
1	NA teams can take games of EU teams but I see no potential for them vs Asian teams at the moment but we will see (I am especially interested in CLG to see how Aphro can mix things up on that team).   I do see some potential for some EU teams like Fnatic or CLG.EU to take games/series off Asian teams as this has been proven.   I think the main difference is innovation, a few weeks ago everyone was amazed that Fnatic were actually playing Kha'Zix and now everyone is.   Meanwhile in NA TSM haven't noticeably (to me) changed their play style at all and the height of innovation is Voyboy building mogs on Kat.
0	As someone who worked at a University Bookstore for my first 3 years of college, I'm fucking sick of this shitty stereotype.   Yes, books are god damned expensive... but guess what, University Bookstores are still a business... they have overhead, they have wages and salaries to pay, they have to buy the books, supplies, and the clothes they carry in the store.   The real people to blame are the publishers who sell the books to the Bookstores.   But why do  Amazon  and  Half.com  have such low prices? - because often times (not always) they are just the middle man, they don't have to pay storage costs, stocking fees, shipping, etc. Places like  Half.com  are a place for me to sell a book to another student,  Half.com  doesn't have hardly any costs at all.   But I can't sell my book back to the Bookstore because they're not using it next semester! - Guess what, the Bookstore didn't make that decision, your professors did. They're the ones who choose the books, so if it's not being used why would the University Bookstore give you $40 for something they can't use? That's not a successful business plan.   But they bought the book back from me for $20 and now they're selling it for $60 as a used book! - Yeah, and I like said, they have costs that factor into the pricing. Say they buy it back for $20, and then there are $10 worth of other costs that are associated with the book, it costs the bookstore $30 to stock that book on the shelf... Generally, retail stores want to make about 50 points on their products (this means sell it for around twice what they paid). Doing this math will make the used book $60.   There is a whole lot more that goes into a bookstore than just stocking books for students. It's a business, they still have to make money, they still have to report to their bosses and show that they were successful. They're not there to give you free books or money at the end of the semester.   /end rant
1	Part of the draw is the learning curve. DotA seems pretty cool but I don't have enough to time to devote to it to be at the level of play I want. League is simplistic enough for me to continue to play it at a reasonably high level but complex enough for me to draw value from my relative mastery of it. That really is just a preference thing. DotA>LoL>HotS when it comes to complexity and possibly skill required. After trying HotS out I fully understand how DotA players must view LoL but it comes down to the point that level of complexity doesn't directly translate to level of entertainment. LoL strikes the right balance for me between complexity and simplicity for the same reason American Football resonates with a large majority of Americans for entertainment value even though it isn't the most complex sport.   As for strategies, I largely play solo right now so a more strict meta is preferred since it's hard enough to get 5 strangers to work together within one. Meanwhile, the pro scene has a few variations on the standard 2-1-1 and I like the pace of the action in said meta for pro-play stuff. I think from a strategy standpoint team comps in LoL are actually pretty important but players in solo queue just don't think about them enough. (EDIT: I like the 1-5 role system for DotA and the thing is good league teams use it but because we don't use that language in the comunity at large, solo play is really just 4 trying to be 1s and the 5th trying for a 2 even though there isn't enough gold to go around.)   As for items, Riot is slowly making improvements but it's another case of me just preferring the moderate option. Also, after playing HotS for a couple months, LoL's items feel like they give me a TON of strategic options but that's probably because going from 0 to any number feels like a huge leap.
0	Guy's seriously, Gman is asserting no opinion of his own. He is just stating factually that legally speaking spousal rape is often not considered rape. If anything is is providing examples for Kallebumvist's claim. I'm glad none of you are police officers, holster them downvotes.   Now you may feel free to downvote  me  for playing a bit of devils advocate on Akin's side as well here.   The fact is many people still do not consider spousal rape to be rape. Many would argue that the vows made include access to sex when wanted. The real reason why were are so upset with Akins claim is it reminds us of this. Rape is a sore subject (no pun intended).   The funny thing is even Akin's initial claim might have even been valid if his chauvinistic opinions weren't seeping out. He is right that pregnancy from rape is statistically uncommon, and from the black and white cases even more so. Cases where it's from someone already involved in sexual intercourse make up the majority. From some of these it's impossible to tell if pregnancy even arose from the rape or from prior (or in some cases following) sexual relations. Furthermore false rape claims are indeed a problem these days.   One of the biggest problems is not only is it extremely difficult to verify rape claims but people are quick to pick a side as demonstrated by our quick downvotes of GMan129. They don't even want to hear the evidence, they don't want to dig, they want to move on and burry it. This means rape claims are almost guaranteed to end poorly for not only the rapist but the victim as well. Often in order to verify her claims she needs to be violated again. So often we take her side quickly to spare her further rape. But this action also opens up chances for false rape claims. Any protection against false rape claims can lead to further punishment of victims.   In my opinion rapes (and all other sex crimes) should be as private as possible.
0	Man, I was walking home from high school one day after staying a couple hours in the middle of winter.   I saw two little girls, one about six and one about four. The four year old fell down a hill and cut her leg somewhat and was crying/saying she couldn't walk.   I then proceeded to carry her to her home, didn't have anything else to do that day. When I knocked on her door her mother answered and immediately started accusing me of attacking/touching her daughter -_-
1	Good questions by Travis, lousy PR-tinged evasive answers by Nick. But what do you really expect, the man isn't going to be completely forthcoming on controversial stuff in the open.
0	Not everyone in the US has to pay a lot for a really good school.  This is not true in every state, but typically public home state colleges are affordable.   Did you mean $6,500 per semester/year/full education?  My state school is $9,800/year.  That may sound like a lot, but we also have an education fund that gives every in-state student a full-tuition scholarship as long as they maintain a 3.0 GPA.  I believe the grade requirement has changed since I went there about 8 years ago, but in-state tuition wasn't as must either.   I paid zero dollars for tuition at a top 25 public school, and two of my three roommates did the same (the other got the pell grant; federal grant money for families that can't afford education loans).
1	My build is mostly start with dorans, on your first back get a tear and (depending on your gold and wether your flash is up or not) another dorans or boots, then get a brutalizer. After that Id recommend you building a defensive item, frozen heart, banshees veil, spirit visage or randuins (in your endbuild it should be veil and heart OR omen and sv, to not overcap too hard on cdr, if you have like 9k gold spare, then go for 2 defensive cdr items). Then finish manamune (you can also finish that one after the spectres cowl or glacial shroud) and the cleaver->another defensive item->last whisper. You could even build a frouen fist or triforce last. Obviously start and max Q first, second skill to max is w 95% of the time. Set up ganls with its slow. You can spam your q quize a bit before your first back, but dont spam your w and e, if you have ~300 tear stacks you can use those more often.
1	It looks like I'm in the minority here, but I honestly think he is one of the worst champions in the game right now. End of season 2 to mid season 3 he was was a solo queue stud at snowballing your adc (albeit a one trick pony), but now that he can't do that effectively he has little to nothing going for him. The nerfs hit him really hard, but all of the support item changes have hurt him too, specifically the introduction of  sightstone  and the changes on  aegis/bullwork .  Sightstone  because it is now pretty much mandatory on all supports. This item gives no armor to taric (his most important stat) and makes the enemy support tankier which makes it harder to set up kills. Old  aegis/bullwork  rush was the way to go on taric because you could get a lot of armor early which gave all of the below:     defensive stats for taric     defensive stats for your adc because of the aura on both the item and taric's Shatter.     offensive stats because of the armor scaling on his Shatter's magic damage.
0	The story, for those that care.   It was two years ago, about 6 months after my wife and I had gotten engaged. My family is very dysfunctional and tend to bring drama wherever they show up, so I schemed up a dry run of sorts and planned a big blow-out barbecue with both families on the 4th of July.   Now, I live in the south, so we know how to do 4th of July right. Plenty of beer, lots of great food, and approximately $2,000 in premium fireworks.   The plan was to have my older brother and his wife arrive early, pick up the fireworks and meet the rest of the family at my wife's sister's house in the country. It's relatively secluded, in a pretty poor part of the county, so no one will call the cops on excessive noise (partly from the fireworks, partly from the drinking).   Everything goes according to plan. My parents didn't drink very much and stuck to themselves, my dipshit little brother and his rugrats were pretty well-behaved, no drama.   About the time it gets dark, I'm thinking we are in the clear. So my older brother and myself start blowing up fireworks. Nothing fancy at first; a few pre-made showers, some bottle rockets, and saturn missiles. We were saving the best for last... a fuckton of barely legal, 48" artillery shells. We start small, one at a time but we quickly realize this is going to take forever. So we start doubling them up. Then tripling. Then quadrupling.   Meanwhile, the rest of the family gathers around the launch platform in a circle roughly 30 feet in diameter to enjoy the show. The kids are all on a blanket on the ground, the rest in camp chairs. Everyone is having a blast. My wife keep telling me to "maybe tone it down a notch" on the artillery shells. I'm not having any of that. A single artillery is a sad handjob compared to the epic reach-around that is a quad-shell launch.   We get through most of the regular fireworks and we still have about 40 artillery shells left. So we decide to do the finale and then trickle out the last of the shells. The finale is a launch platform with 8 tubes pre-packed with artillery shells. It goes off like a beast, finishing spectacularly all over our faces. I feel like a god, standing there, creating light and heat in the sky.   So, I start to put the single launch tubes together for another quad launch when it occurs to me... Why not reuse the finale launch platform? That's 8 freaking tubes bunched closely together and weighted so they wouldn't fall over. Sure, it says not to reuse the tubes but surely it can handle one more volley!   So, my brother and I eagerly drop in 8 of the artillery shells and wind the fuses together. Somewhere, I hear my wife buzzing in the background about "maybe that's too much" but I ignore her. I AM THE GOD OF FIRE AND LIGHT AND THIS WILL BE MY EJACULATE ON THE WORLD.   I light it and run. Turning, I just see the first artillery shell launch into the sky with a boom. The platform shakes and, before I can comprehend what has happened, the country side becomes something out of a Michael Bay movie.   Artillery shells are firing all around us. Time slows down as one whizzes past my head as I'm running away. Which is shocking for two reasons... One, I don't remember turning and running away and two, it occurs to me that my entire family is SITTING DOWN not more than 15 feet from the explosion. I'm one of two members of my family that was prepared to exit quickly.   I don't really have time to think about my cowardice before the shell fucking explodes and I fling myself behind a tree. I hunker down and wait.   After a moment, silence falls and it takes me a moment to realize its over. I stand up and start laughing hysterically. It wasn't really funny, looking back, but I swear I could not stop laughing. I take a moment to catch my breath and head back to survey the damage of the launch site, which is complete obscured with smoke.   People are yelling now, I hear some of the kids crying, and I stalk forward looking for my wife. I find her on the ground where my brother, the saint he is, tackled her when the shit hit the fan. I help her up and look over where my father-in-law is sitting. Like the hoss he is, he hasn't moved a muscle. He sips his beer and nonchalantly says "Well, that one got away from us".   About that time, my sister-in-law comes running up saying my mother-in-law has been hit. HOLY FUCK. We are a few months away from a wedding and I just hit my mother-in-law with a freaking artillery shell.   "How bad is it?" I ask, the terror plain in my eyes.   "Not good. Burned straight through her tanktop."   Fuck. Fuckfuckfuckfuck. We head to the house, where they whisked her away for first aid. My wife stops me before I can enter and says "Maybe it'd be best if you stayed out here."   Double fuck.   So, I stand around like an idiot. I go over and apologize to my father-in-law. He shrugs and says "She'll be all right" and hands me a beer. I drink it nervously in two pulls. It did nothing for my nerves.   After about 10 minutes, my wife comes out and is livid. She has been trying to convince her mom to go to the hospital. My mother-in-law is refusing. Apparently, she was hit on her chest, which left an orange-sized injury showing the telltale black charring that is indicative of a third-degree burn.   I sheepishly go inside to express my apologies and begin thinking of how to get my deposit back on the wedding venue. Is stupidity a valid reason to cancel a wedding? Maybe I can get a partial refund. I don't know.   I'm greeted by my sister-in-law first. Expecting the worst, I wince as she says "It's not your fault. Don't worry and don't let J (my wife) give you a hard time about this". WTF. I say it was my fault and I really want to apologize in person. She HUGS me and lets me by.   I find my mother-in-law in the back of the house and she smiles and gives me a hug. "Don't worry about it". DOUBLE WTF? "These things happen. Let's just be careful, next time, okay?"   I think a little tear comes to my eye. I hug her back gently and ask if there is anything I can get for her. She gets serious and says "Yeah, a new fucking tanktop. I just got that one the other day!"   My wife doesn't speak to me for two days. I sent her mom a huge plant (she's one of those that likes live plants more than flowers that die) and flowers (that said, what woman doesn't love flowers?!?) as an apology. That thawed my wife a bit, who still believes I'm "fucking stupid" for not listening to her.   The next Christmas, I buy my mother-in-law that new tanktop... Along with a fireproof coat as a joke. Everyone got a good kick out of that.   All that to say this though... I never really wanted to get married. My family is fucked up... and I previously had only dated girls that came from fucked up families. I thought that was a connection that gave our relationship weight but, in retrospect, it never worked because we didn't know HOW to build anything long lasting. I figured it just wasn't possible in today's world.   It took finding a woman with a family that is so loving and forgiving to make me reconsider that maybe I could be in a relationship that goes the distance.
0	I have always been told that I am a natural teacher, so perhaps my example is not the norm. However, within the first two weeks several of my students have told me I'm their "favorite teacher," and some have even made me pictures that I proudly hang around my desk. I have them do quick writes every day and when I grade their notebooks, I comment on each one specifically. Their love of my attention made the extra 5 hours of work over the weekend worth it. Many of their free writes (they get to choose their own topics) is directed toward what they like about my class and how they like me as a teacher because I'm funny (I do a lot of moving around). Many of them tell me how they hate quick writes and how I should stop making them do them. These I answer with my reasoning to why they need to learn to think on the page and how most jobs that pay well will require this talent, to which I get more writing out of them to explain how else they might learn these abilities.   Some of my students are just there to act out, push their limits as far as they can, or try and get out of work. I'm not a huge fan of strict rules, and the school I work for is. I have to walk them to and from lunch in Junior High... () It's hard to know what to do with these kids because you're really just looking out for their best interests and they see you as the boss in their video game that needs to be conquered. They will say anything to upset you. They are huge trolls. If you can't laugh at, shrug off, or ignore trolls,  do not teach junior high.  They are all a bunch of trolls.   But I digress. I come home exhausted; I always feel like I'm behind on something; I feel like I'm missing half the stuff I'm supposed to be doing; I wonder all the time if I should try to help that kid I know was taken away from her parents and now she's acting out in my class, and maybe I can help her, but she probably wont respond to me because she already sees me as the enemy so what the hell should I do? Frustration is the name of this job so far. I constantly have the "what else could I do other than teach" conversation with my husband, and I've only been a teacher for a total of 3 weeks. But I will tell you that when I am in the classroom, and the kids (or at least most of them) are involved and interacting with me,  it is the funnest thing I've ever done.  Sure I've pulled "mean teacher" on the class once or twice, but usually the majority of them straighten up, and we can have fun again. I put in 200%, run myself ragged, and come home completely exhausted every night only to work more from home, and the kids only give back 50%, if that. They don't care enough to spend their time on it; they don't get it and so they wont go that extra little bit to try and figure it out themselves; they want to be hand-held through every assignment; they don't listen the first 5 times you repeat directions, so you have to repeat a 6th time to each one individually and they still wont do it. Sometimes the kid is trying really hard and they just aren't getting it and now I have to think up some way to get through to this one kid, which adds another 2-3 hours of work to my weekend. However, when that one kid gets it, or they tell you how they notice that you really work hard to help them (more so than Ms. So-in-so who doesn't care if they fail), it makes everything seem worth it. It doesn't change the fact that I still have 20 other kids who might not have gotten it, another 5 who are straight out in rebellion, and 10 over achievers who feel neglected because they don't need my attention as much as the stragglers but they  deserve  it just as much. It doesn't change the fact that I have 20 notebooks to grade this weekend, a ton of grades to upload into my gradebook (it's progress report time), a 45 minute formal observation with a planning meeting and feedback meeting with my principal on Monday that I have to prepare for, and I need to make sure my lesson plans are all up to date online. Am I happy with my choice? Yeah. It's hard work, but it's definitely worth it when you see how much of an impact on their lives you actually have.
1	Isn't supposed to be fix in november ? So you are like taking a month and half break or something like that ?
0	It's also the main indicator of a person with serious mental illness.  They are people too.  Self-preservation is good when deciding to leave a mentally stable partner, but doing so when someone is mentally unwell could have severe consequences.   I posted my advice [in a separate comment.](
0	To quote George Carlin: "Here's something you'll never hear a guy say: 'STOP SUCKING MY DICK OR I'LL CALL THE POLICE.'"
0	An old roommate of mine was a southern "good old boy" from georgia. He drove aggressively and never wore a seatbelt because he found them uncomfortable. One day he accelerated too early while entering a wet highway, and flipped his truck off the road, throwing him from the vehicle. The truck was completely totaled, but he walked away without a scratch on him.   He now claims that if he had been wearing his seatbelt he would have been killed in the truck, and continues to refuse to wear one because he thinks they're unsafe. He also claims that the only reason he wrecked at all was because of the wet roads, and he continues to drive extremely aggressively.
1	I got an Xpecial smurf in one of my games and I was completely drunk. I managed to get first blood on their mid by doing a really stupid flash and Q as Ahri that should have got me killed, then kept exchanging kills with their mid (which I guess is better than feeding relentlessly). The whole time he was really nice, explaining stuff to his support bot lane on how to trade, and making calls as he played Graves. He never raged. He messed up once and apologized. I normally don't really remember when I get high elo players in blind picks, but he was so nice to everyone it stood out.   Then he said he wasn't Xpecial after I tried in horrible English to thank him for the carry, but he was streaming the next day as the same name.
1	Or if you have a Twitter, tweet at them. And maybe draw them a picture, too.   I needed 1 RP for the debonair icon and was like "guess I need to draw riot support a picture now" and of course tagged league of legends. Riot support tweeted back at me that they take submissions via Twitter and actually ended up giving me 21 RP instead of 1.
1	Hit the nail on the head! Zion, Aphro, Double are very good players at their position, Link has always been considered mediocre, Xmithie was good in s3 but simply average at the moment.   In terms of coaching staff, I love Scarra, but he definitely spends a lot of his time streaming... And if you follow his stream and look at his thought process in the ban phase in soloq... I really dont see how he would be a good coach for the overall strategy/morale of the team.   1) He's a pretty unsure person   2) His decision making in game/overall map awarness is pretty lackluster   3) He's too nice and awesome!
1	I think you need to do more research before making a tier list like this, You had Nunu at #3 for patch 5.5 but have only played one game on him since the patch was released, how can you say with such certainty that he is that good having only 1 game played this patch? Another problem I have would be Sion which again you haven't even played more than once this patch, which doesn't really co-ensign with what you said in one of the comments you made, "Even then I just play most of the champions and test them out before actually comparing them with the strong junglers and get a feel for them" How can you say that when from what I can see on your OP.GG you haven't even played more than one game on these champions yet? I don't have a problem with you making a tier list and in fact I think its really great that higher Elo players like yourself are wanting to give back to the community, But I do ask that you play the champions at least more than  one or two times before Making statements like this.   Another problem I have with this is lower Elo players tend to take things like this as gods word, for example I had one of my Students/Friend who I've coached a few times going on about a certain tier list (Which I wont name for the sake of Slander/Witchhunting) Written by a player who isn't very high Elo Where he said that Shaco/Volibear were the best jungle's right now, so my Friend hops into solo Q in bronze Loses all his games playing these champions, then in term thinking that he was playing very high tier champions blames his teammates for the loss because he believes that his characters are top notch for carrying. So with lack of data I cant see if this is accurate or not.
1	I have a general rule when playing Karthus, never ever ever try to 1v1 someone. Maybe if they happen to be really low and you are healthy but otherwise just don't do it, their adc, ap carry, top lane bruiser and jungle can all 1v1 you with ease, its even hard to trade even with your ult after you die.   Karthus can carry games, he is a late game God, but is still the easiest to kill if he isn't protected. Karthus is the teamfight king with all that AOE, with Seraph's Embrace and Zhonias you can make sure you live long enough to deal that teamfight damage. Your ult can hit for 1000 dmg with a full build.   Until teamfight time, I feel like the best way to play is to farm right beside your tower with Q, using E to make sure the wave doesn't push to your tower. Exhaust and flash along with the fact that you are always beside your tower will make it hard for them to dive you even 2v1.   Personally I think that since he is so weak early and so strong later the ideal setup is scaling ap runes with some spellvamp to sustain in lane and last longer in those teamfights.
1	first of all i think this case was a close call   and btw you don't need to declare or even 'threaten' people with you muting them. just do it. no need to brag about it. don't rub it in their faces.   your point is kinda weak. its like saying i would like to be a nice person but some people aren't nice to me so why should i be nice to other people. seems kind of like a childlike approach to the problem.
0	I agree fully. And Ive been to many churches. But as an adult I have yet to feel comfortable in a church for all the reasons mentioned. I like to dress a bit goth, and I have tattoos and I swear everytime im looked down on. I also tend to find churches that have mostly snobby people attending them. I just dont know why it seemed more inviting as a kid. I loved youth group, but bible study as an adult, everyone seems so pompous. I want to attend a church where i enjoy my time there, and dont feel like im counting down the minutes till its over.
0	Actually, you're showing your ignorance about how schools actually work. Schools are tremendously understaffed and that hour and a half off you're talking about absolutely does not exist. At the school I worked at the teachers got no lunch breaks and would just wolf a sandwich while doing paperwork while the kids were at gym or music just to keep their heads above water--it was special ed, so the teachers DROWNED in paperwork. And often we would stay after school until 7 or 8 so as not to take home more paperwork and just get it done at school. There's 60 hours right there. Throw in report cards--which in special education, a class of 12-15 will take upwards of 40 or 50 hours, adhering to crippling state education  standards--and you've got WELL over the figure I was talking about.   Teachers are salaried. They get paid bullshit in the US to work off the clock all the time. I think why you are erroneously and ignorantly accusing me of being a liar is because you think all teachers do is twiddle their thumbs for a few hours and go home. This may have been the case with the people who taught YOU--and I don't mean that as a slam on your intelligence or education, because unlike you I don't accuse people of actions or qualities they may not do or possess when I don't know them or what they're about--but rather an explanation of why you feel the urge to completely disrespect a traditionally fucking backbreaking and sometimes heartbreaking pursuit when you clearly have no idea what you're talking about at ALL.
0	Unfortunately, it is becoming more common. Bankers look for ways to get new accounts all the time because they get bonuses based on the # of accounts opened during a certain time period. The latest way of doing this is a "minor savings" or "minor checking" account. These can be opened by just about anyone as long as they know the kid's SSI, and are SUPPOSED to help kids college funds, but the person who opened the account still has access to the money. I don't think many of the kids that have such accounts ever see the money or even know the account exists.
0	Hm. Good points, definitely. However, the link about Ubuntu more has to do with not allowing people to talk about your product (and thereby censor the Internet) compared to preventing products with similar naming from being released. Micah wasn't so much releasing a product as having a discussion about the product and within Free Speech things you can do with it. This is similar to any Windows or other OS help forum.   However, to my understanding, you  do  have to protect your TM against similar products. To go back to my Windows example, if MS let you release an OS called "Macrosoft Windows" without attempting to stop you, 2 things happen. First, MS loses their ability to enforce the TM in the future because the later infringers will be able to say "But they haven't been enforcing this. I can reasonably assert that this has become public domain." This is similar to what happened in the "King Kong" / "Donkey Kong" dilemma in gaming decades ago. The second thing is Macrosoft now has the ability to protect  their  TM against "Windows". This means at best MS can get a piece of the pie if there's a settlement relating to TM infringement, but may also be argued as giving rights / indemnity by not enforcing.   Or is there further misunderstanding that I hold?
0	Mythologically speaking, the Trojan War was supposedly the end result of a long string of Asia (meaning Turkey in this case) and Europe (meaning Greece) stealing each other's women. Helen just happened to be the latest in the long series of abducted women and her well connected husband happened to be able to declare a war to retrieve her.   When Helen was old enough to be married, a vast number of suitors descended upon her 'father', looking for her hand in marriage. I'm using quotation marks because technically her father was Zeus who knocked up her mother Leda disguised as a swan, and Helen later hatched from the egg her mother laid. Her 'father' was concerned, because he knew if he just gave her to one, it would piss the rest off no end, and so he made them swear an oath that if anyone tried to kidnap Helen, all the others would help retrieve her.   The Greeks took their oaths seriously in those days, so that when Paris did abduct Helen, the Greeks did go to war to bring her back. It probably helped that her husband was Menelaus, the brother of the de-facto emperor of Greece at the time, Agamemnon.   The reason why Paris was able to kidnap Helen was because he had been promised the hand of the most beautiful women in the world as a bribe by Aphrodite (the goddess of love). This was so Aphrodite could win a competition that Paris was judging, where he was deciding who should get a golden apple, created by the goddess Eris (the goddess of strife) and addressed 'To the Fairest'.   This apple appeared at the wedding of Thetis, a sea nymph, and Peleus, a well known hero. Their son was Achilles, who famously was invulnerable all over his body except for his ankle, because his mother held him by the ankle when dunking him in the River Styx, at whose touch his body became immortal.   This apple was also sought by Hera, the wife of Zeus, and Athena, the goddess of wisdom and battle. They promised dominion over vast kingdoms and unparalleled skills, but Paris, being a horny young man, went with Aphrodite's offer. There is mythological evidence to suggest that Helen was incredibly unhappy with being used in this way by Aphrodite, with one scene of the Iliad being a pretty intense bitchfest between the two (Spoiler: Aphrodite wins, she is by far the biggest bitch in mythology).   Paris, though he was a shepherd at the time of judging the contest, was in fact the lost son of the king and queen of Troy, Priam and Hecuba. He was supposedly left to die on a nearby mountain after the queen had a dream that she was giving birth to a burning log ( ouch... ) that set fire to the city. After the contest, he returned to Troy and was welcomed into the royal family.   A parallel set of myths says that in fact, the 'Helen' that the Trojan War was fought over was in fact an illusion created by the gods, and that the real Helen was in fact kept in Egypt during the war between the Greeks and the Trojans. In this interpretation, Helen is rediscovered by Menelaus after he is shipwrecked there on his return from Troy by the same storm that began Odysseus's Odyssey.   The Trojan war, despite taking 10 years, was not much of a siege that we would recognise today. The Iliad shows it as more of a set piece battle that the Greeks and Trojans would turn up to, fight a little bit, then declare a week long truce to deal with their dead. The large focus on aristeia, or single combats between heroes, also dragged the war out. Indeed, the Iliad seems to spend more time detailing how the Greeks were besieged in their camp by the Trojans than the other way round.   The famous wooden horse that eventually lead to the capture of Troy was an invention of Odysseus, as he relates to the Phaeacians in the Odyssey. The idea was that by leaving a giant wooden horse, the Trojans would take it into the city, whereupon the soldiers hidden inside would spring out at night and open the gates for the army. In reality, it is more likely that the wooden horse was in fact a giant battering ram that broke the gates, and the Odysseus story is a fabrication.   Historical speaking, the Trojan war was almost certainly about controlling the revenue flow between Greece and the East. Whether this was due to trade routes to the Black Sea or essentially the beginning of the Silk Road, all these routes would have had to pass through the city of Troy, which made it very wealthy. The warrior dominated Mycenaean civilisation would not have passed up the opportunity to loot such a wealthy target, or to gain the respect from defeating such a powerful foe.   Troy definitely did exist; there is a famous archaeological site pretty much exactly where Troy is located in the Iliad called Schliemann's Troy, where nine successive cities have been built and destroyed on the same location. Most of these are believed to have been destroyed by earthquakes, though Troy VII seems to have been destroyed by fire and other evidence of a more violent defeat seems clear.
1	This is a great thread. My dad wouldn't play, but my girlfriend saw me having so much fun with my friends so she watched for a bit and then decided to start playing herself and learning the game.   She's not the greatest (only video games she's really played are Mario Kart and Super Mario World) but she is getting better and while her technique isn't the greatest she has picked up the strategy somewhat. Don't rush people just because they're there! Get minion kills. Don't die! She's played more than I have in the last few days.   I got a good laugh the other day when I got home, she had left the victory screen up because she was so happy about he win, she went 10 and 4 (usually around even kills and deaths or worse) and had a Teemo player telling her off and complaining about her playing an easy champ (she played Garen, and she sometimes plays Yi, too). She was so proud! (And I was proud of her!)
0	It's a mixed bag. My parents did not have a good marriage but neither would initiate a divorce. It probably would have been better for them if they had, but my brother and I would not have done well under joint custody.   I had a big falling out with my father while I was in college, which finally convinced my mom to initiate a divorce, and my brother and I were old enough that custody was no longer an issue.
1	Here is the issue with your build:   Trying to catch the axes late game is poor play.   If you let the falling axes dictate your positioning you will lose teamfights left and right. It makes you predicable and puts you in less than ideal positions.   Getting an extra bloodthrister rather than a PD will really hurt you by lategame. Having 400 damage and 1 attack speed is far inferior to 2 attack speed and 300 damage (without even considering the bonus crit from PD). And even if you are catching your axes you will do less damage than someone who builds a normal AD carry build and doesn't bother to catch the axes.
1	The way I see it is like this:   Normals = Freestyle, practice or anything similar. No need to force yourself to kill a dc'd person due to internet/pc/other problems. You're not losing anything. You only gain experience/knowledge (or satisfaction if trolling with 5 pre friends) from games like these. I always ask if someone is afk or dc'd when they randomly stand still in the lane in this game mode. No need to go 100% all-in.   Ranked = Competitive/Real war. You put yourself on the line together with your team to win together and reach for the top. If the enemy is afk or dc'd, that's their problem. It's something out of your control. Not taking advantage of this in ranked means  you're not 100% committing yourself to winning the game for your team. You're not 100% committing yourself to reach the goal of the game.
1	Don't listen to this guys, platinum is only toxic if you inflame the egos of your team. Everyone thinks they are good in this tier, because they ARE. if you maintain a professional attitude and treat your team mates like peers you will not experience the 'ego flame' of platinum tier. If you try to tell others what to do and type too much, yes, platinum can be hell because everyone has a strong opinion and a reason to think they are right (because everyone is good at this point). Platinum and the higher tiers have a LOT less players in them, everyone who is there is there for a reason at this point unlike other tiers where there's a lot more variables.
0	Got married at 18. just celebrated our sixth anniversery. Have one child and are trying for another. We are very happy.
0	Ninja edit: For the record, english is not my first language, so apologies for any badly phrased parts.   I'm not an activist, but at least to me, this reasoning is sound. The first thing is that rascism isn't just personal (individuals commiting racist acts). It happens on an institutional level, where such parts as the media, legal system and -relevantly- the police are all oppressing people of colour in one way or another.   ... And it has to be this way. Because if it's not (as in racism just happening on a personal level), someone does something racist (potentially fatal), and people will say"Oh, they are racist, but not all of us are, don't worry" and that is no good because:     1) it promotes the status quo, indirectly telling the oppressed that they should just go on, and people who are racists should just be left alone.     2) It only holds the individual responsible. If the entire system that judges people is racist, then this individual  MAY  receive punishment, but it will be very light, if any. It also means that the system gets to carry on doing whatever it does without hindering. You can say people change and so the system will get less racist over time, but this contradicts with 1), because status quo is promoted, and so there isn't any incentive for the system to change.       And so, if we want racism to go away, racism has to happen at an institutional level, because otherwise it won't be recognised, and not dealt with.
0	I'm sure the guy was being a dick and deserved it in this situation. However, it does remind me of a time when I was in heavy traffic on the highway.   My car started overheating (turns out my water pump was busted), and I was in the far left lane. My only hope of getting my car off the highway (and thus, preventing an even bigger backup) was by cutting off 3 people to make the immediate exit. I tried rolling down my window and talking to the lady next to me, but she kept ignoring me, thinking I was just being an asshole. Eventually, I was able to barely make it off the highway, no thanks to the lady who I'm sure thought I was just the biggest dick of all time.   Once I got off the highway, I was able to coast freely along some backroads, get some cool air flowing through the car, and eventually made it to the car shop without having to pay for a tow!
1	You play on na server, here in eu plat is hell cause ppl are the most toxic f*ckers ever. I've started to refuse playing with ppl when they start the rage. I'm on my smurf in plat 5 so i can't drop lower. So far nearly 23 games lost in a row and I will keep on refusing to play with ppl that rage more than 2 times on a mate. Only way to cure this game. Diamond is pure heaven though, you can play what you want as long as you know what you're doing and don't ruin the game on purpose/trolling.
0	I got drunk at a bar during the 2010 World Cup while taking some time off at the beach and had my friend (a beach local) park it on the street a block away before he went home. I was sleeping it off in the back seat when the cops started banging on my window telling me to step out of the car. When I unlocked the door I was pulled out and thrown on the cruiser hood and cuffed. At this point I was not drunk just sleepy confused since within 5 seconds of waking up i'm laying on a cruiser, handcuffed.   They didn't breathalyze me or anything (and I was asking that they do that), they just hauled me to the drunk tank and gave me a $120 ticket for public intoxication. They couldn't find my keys and didn't bother to ask me where they were, so they locked them in the car. It was the middle of the night and I had to have my new girlfriend drive to my house, get my spare key, and then drive 2 hours out to the beach to get me out of jail (I married her a few years later).   I got the ticket dismissed, but it was utter bullshit. Turns out a predatory towing company wanted to tow my legally parked car, but you can't tow a car with someone inside. They reported me as a being so drunk I couldn't start my car which is why the police were such dicks. Then they went back to try and tow my car and one of the cops was still there and cited them for whatever it is when you try and tow a car illegally (it should be grand theft auto, I fucking hate towing companies).
0	Spending an extended time with kids really is the best birth control.  I had always thought I wanted kids of my own, and then I agreed to watch my niece and nephew for a weekend. After 2 days I realized how happy I was with being just an uncle. I love spending time with kids, but that experience made me realize that I wasn't equipped to do it 24/7.   Props to those who can- I hold their selflessness in the highest esteem.
1	Top tier or cost effective?   Imo Spirit of the Spectral Wraith might be cost effective but its defenitly not a Top tier item.   Its a very situational item not many AP carries would want, Spellvamp is nichee stat mostly for Ap champions that are melee or manaless to sustain the Aoe dmg they get from being in the front line. (Rumble, Mordekaiser, Akali, Katarina). The 20% spellvamp it provides is a good number but Wota gives this to your whole team + 30 AP.   The amount of AP it provides is lackluster 50 ap for a late game/top tier item is way to low, this item gets outclassed by Wota in every way (late game).   the 10% cdr is the best thing about the item imo but you could just  buy a fiendish codex and upgrade that into better late game items.   This item might be strong mid game, but usely you see people rushing late game items then sticking with the mid tier.
1	It'd be best not to give excuses for any region/team. NA and EU both played awfully, but NA adapted their players and tried harder, where EU didn't. When 3/5ths already have a play style set, it's up to the other two to fit it. soAZ and YellowPete(?) both played as if they were on their home teams.
1	Extremely strong, both as a top lane and a jungler- probably the only jungler with whom it is customary to out-CS the lanes. Her lack of CC sucks, but FroMa is core on her to help stick to targets, and along with Lee Sin she is a jungler who can go smite/exhaust almost all the time. She works brilliantly with crowd control teams, but I have found her to be fairly dependable in SoloQ aswell, provided lanes have moderate CC, mainly because she can farm to carry status even if ganks are meh. Recent patch was somewhat of a buff, as she now auto attacks targets better as they run, meaning her speed makes up for her lack of CC.
0	What if I told you that Reddit has a GREAT capacity...if you don't like it then don't comment on it. Also, WHAT IF I told you that there is a thumbnail..if you see that meme...don't look at it.
1	As far as the "attitude" goes, its really not surprising one bit. I like piglet as a player because im like wow, this dude is fkn good, how does he do x move on vayne, how does he kite like that with cait, etc..   But its pretty known that he is toxic. When he was in KR I believe SKT had to apologize on his behalf, about some kind of trash talk incident in KR soloq. Inven was up in arms about whatever it was that he said to some guy in soloq. In addition to all of that, even when he streams here on NA, i watch him to learn, and he constantly types "GG. or FF pls". Sure, you could say that people in KR soloq give up easily, but when im watching Faker's stream, even if things go badly, i never see him typing "gg, or please surrender" hes usually just laughing away.
0	As a dishwasher  at a busy casual bar here in Canada I kinda can confirm about this. I'm glad finally someone posts this! I'm trying to move my way up to be a chef! I guess it's where it all starts is the dish-pit!   I remember one time I was so behind and it was like 1 am and there was a guy drinking all alone and when I went to sign out, he gave me $50. It made my entire week cause I was still in high school (last year)   Another story is that some guy got so flippin' drunk an he puked all over the restaurant bathroom floor right by the toilet and I was sent out to clean it. I was so disgusted and pissed off, so a regular customer came up to me and said "You work way too hard being a dishwasher, here's $20" it made me really happy and much better.
1	A pretty similar experience was as cait vs a lee sin jungle who had randuins and a damage item. I e-ed and flashed and tried to trap and kite him but he kept killing me. Is there something specific to do that may help me?   In those situations, you're pretty much just dead. As an ADC, you are extermely squishy, and Lee Sin still pumps out a lot of damage with minimal damage items. He's also incredibly mobile. I try to stay a safe distance away from any Lee Sin I can see.   Wards are a big deal too. It's harder to get caught out if you have your area warded well. A lot of times this just means having the bot river bush warded, but if you are going quite aggressive on them (Consistently on their side of the river), you may also want a ward by dragon. This allows you to not only watch for them going dragon, but you can see a roam/gank coming down much earlier than just the bush, where you need to get out asap, and with some champs (Lee Sin's Q for example), it can already be too late if you are pushing hard. I'll buy my fair share of wards to help keep bot tri-bushes, and dragon lit up to keep surprises minimal.   Sometimes their whole team comp should dictate how aggressive you are in lane. (This sounds more like a laning phase problem, as other questions state you are in team fights, this one you did not). Do they have a mobile jungler? (Lee Sin, Xin Zhao, Jax, Wukong, etc) Do they have a mid that likes to roam? (Kassadin, LeBlanc, Twisted Fate), a Top laner with Teleport? I've seen a lot of ADC's pretty much tunnel vision onto their lane.   > Maphite question   Obviously in most cases, a tanks job is to piss off the opposing carries. Malphite even more than others, as he can be in your face instantly due to his ult, then stick to you with his slow. As stated by others, Ashe has fallen behind, having no true escape. Most other ADC's have some sort of dash (Grave's E, Lucian E, Cait E, Ezreal E, Corki W, Trist W, Id often add Vayne's E to this since it pushes one away)   You're team should help peel for you, but without an escape after his ult, you're prob just boned. ADC's dont live long when caught. IF his team can follow up his ult if it hits you, you're probably just dead.   > Team Fights   You just need to stay back as far as possible for now until you feel comfortable going in just a bit further. A lot of times you should just be attacking the safest target, unless your team got a solid initiation on an opposing carry. Most times this will mean attacking the tank. People will get mad, and they will get over it. You will hear a lot of "Dont focus tank" in a lot of different iterations, but damage on anyone is better than no damage cos you're dead. A good deal of tanks have a stun. If they get a stun on you in a team fight, just consider yourself dead if they get any sort of follow up.   The main point is, just stay as safe as possible. To me, the number 1 rule of ADC is DONT DIE! Number 2 is do damage. Number 2 SHOULD be automatically achieved if you are successfully following the first rule (And arent playing so passive that you are never in range)   Other's have stated to play Tristana. I quite agree with this. Id mix her in instead of Ashe. Her range is insane when you hit higher levels. Her escape is super far, AND her ult can push people away. Malphite ults you or Lee Q's you? Ult them away, then jump away if more space is needed. She does have a fairly weak laning phase, but her late game is pretty crazy. Cait is a good choice too, which you are obv playing. If you arent, try watching for when your passive headshot is up, and focus it at champs for big harass. With her range, it can be hard to hit her back. Just dont focus too hard and lose CS because of it.   Ezreal is incredibly safe too. His Q has great range, he's easy to CS with as you have autos and Q, and has one of the best ADC escapes with his E. You can even go super safe and run Iceborn Gauntlets on him instead of Trinity Force as IBC has the on hit slow, combined with Ez Q and E is infinite kiting as long as your Q is hitting.   >
0	Ditch the relationship, do what you want. If she gives up on you, it's her loss because when she needs your help in her old-age, you can and should refuse. I realise that I am going to be downvoted for this, but relationships are NOT important. It is far more important to be happy internally, than happy externally. Take no shit from anyone and become what you have wanted. Because otherwise you will hurt everyone around you. I made the mistake of giving up my dream of becoming a physicist and tried to get into med school. In the end, I simply refused to practice for the entrance as I simply did not have an interest in helping other humans. My interest was still lying across the light years we have to yet to see, the stars that have not yet come to life and creatures we have not yet met.
1	What the? GD spilled over to Reddit?   Listen guys, we all paid money. I myself have invested well over $500 to RIOT because I  chose  to. Enough with the self entitlement, enough with the "everybody or no one" crap, we all waited 5+ hours on Friday to log in and play. But what it boils down to is that RIOT had trouble with their servers, they had to repair them, technical issues ensued, and now they're trying to fix them completely. Some people lost more than time and they were compensated, some people couldn't get in to play (including myself), and while that sucks, the reason you couldn't get in to play was because RIOT had a freaking  server meltdown .   Picture this scenario. A company offers you a  non-basic  (by that I mean a service that is recreational... let's say a theme park) service. You go ahead and decide that on any given day you are going out to this theme park. You arrive at the theme park, only to discover that some of the rides are closed due to issues out of the parks control (much like Riots servers, they didn't close them down on purpose you know. And let's say some people actually got stuck ON the rides!). Now, some rides are still available but they have REALLY long lines, you decide to wait in these lines. Because you're already here, fuck it. The people who got stuck on the rides (through no fault of their own) get compensated with a free pass to the park. The rest of the guests in the park get nothing.
0	Depictions of the Devil covered in boils and scars, animal-like hair, and monstrous deformities were also common. None of these images seem to be based on Biblical materials, as Satan's physical appearance is never described in the bible or any other religious text. Rather, this image is apparently based on pagan Horned Gods, such as Pan, Cernunnos, Molek, Selene and Dionysus, common to many pagan religions.](
0	This seems super fucking bitter.   Who says its rich parents? My older brother lived in Costa Rica for 9 months after traveling around Central America on his own money, money he earned working 45 hour weeks for a small moving company and saving his cash. Now he's working on a sail boat and sailing to Australia in March, not with daddies money, but on hard work and determination.
1	Ignore him. An all-in lane will all-in on the adc's face and slaughter him, then slaughter GP; a poke/sustain lane will poke the adc until he either has to leave lane to heal or they can all-in and kill him. GP support might work if the enemy duo chooses to actually attack you (because then you can heal and just distract them while your adc farms), but a good enemy will ignore you and focus the adc. Support GP has almost zero cc, almost zero all-in potential without carry items, and zero sustain for his adc.   GP is one of the candidates for "fills every role" (along with Kayle and Teemo), but GP support is worse than Teemo jungle. In other words, it's pretty damn bad and barely qualifies as being able to perform that role, if at all.   His only CC is a weak slow (which is already the weakest form of CC), he offers his adc no shield or heal for sustain, and his damage won't be very good without any gold to buy items. He can't all-in the enemy, because they can just walk away or hit your adc when he tries to follow-up; he can't poke, because the enemy duo will just kill you (if your adc stays out of range, making it a 1v2) or poke your adc until he leaves lane.   Lux and Zyra work as high-damage supports because Zyra can snare + slow + watch bushes with seeds and Lux can shield her entire team + snare + slow. They both have a snare and another important utility (seeds or multi-target refreshing shield); their slows aren't the important part there. Take away either the snare or the utility, and they would no longer be viable supports. GP has no snare, and the closest thing he has to similar utility is being able to heal + cleanse himself - which requires the enemy targeting GP in the first place, which is why a smart enemy will ignore a support GP until everyone else is dead.
0	Well, part of being in a relationship is doing some things just for the sake of your SO and also quitting some stuff that used to perfectly normal when you were single.   She should reevaluate the level of openness between her and her male friends if she put the sake of her relationship first.   However, if it was the first time that happened and they didn't previously discuss the topic of how close and open should they be when alone with friends of opposite sex now, that they are in a relationship, it was on OP's part to give his girlfriend a benefit of doubt. If that was the case he should have clearly stated, that her quitting sunbathing topless in front of other guys is a compromise he expects from her (she could, of course, have some of compromises she expects from him). And this whole situation could result even in strengthening their relationship rather than putting an end to it.   But if the OP had this conversation, right there or before, where he clearly stated that this bothers him and the girlfriend would call him overprotective and stick to the option that for her sunbathing topless while on kayaking trip with her male friends is absolutely OK and she considers it a very important liberty on her part, then they should walk they separate ways. Because that would show that she doesn't understand that, for the peace of mind of your SO and the sake of relationship, you sometimes have to give up some things even if they seem totally innocent.
1	As an ADC main, but an occasional support player, I understand how it feels to be belittled after missing an engage like that. I always make sure to congratulate my supports on good plays and avoid calling them out on bad plays or missed opportunities.   That being said, I think this courtesy and respect has to go both ways. If you land a Leona pull and your graves doesn't instantly dash in after you, don't start bitching at him for farming all the time instead of fighting. Maybe he was waiting on cool downs, maybe he was out of mana, maybe he just made a mistake and didn't react fast enough. If your ezreal misses a q that would've secured the kill on an escaping enemy, don't start with the all-chat bitching about how "trash ez can't even land a skillshot".   As a duo lane, bot requires a lot more respect and understanding than any other positions, but this has to be mutual. Both of you are human, and both of you will make mistakes. If you don't want to be called out on your mistakes, don't call out your lane partner on theirs.
0	I'll tell you a little story and maybe it'll make you reconsider even getting the police involved at all. This will be ruinous for your daughter socially with her peers and, most likely, she won't be able to trust you with major issues in her life if you overreact and call the police.   When I was 15 my younger sister had a friend that would always come over. She was known to be a bit of a tartlette, would always wear revealing clothes, lots of make-up, very flirty with the neighborhood boys, and had sex on numerous occasions. She was also 13 years old. One day she came over to our house to use the pool with my sister, and stayed way later than she should have. By the time she got home she was in a ton of trouble.   Fast forward two days later and the police show up, handcuffed me, threatened me with juvenile detention, etc.. for what? Apparently, she had gone home, and when her father exploded on her, she told him a sob story that my younger brother and I had held her down with a knife and threatened to rape her. My parents were shocked, and looked at them incredulously before laughing. They explained that my brother and I are BOTH GAY. I mean, obviously gay. It was no secret to ANYBODY at school, in our neighborhood, in our families.. EVERYWHERE. My boyfriend was there when it all happened, too. It took the police about 5 minutes to see that her story was obviously fabricated, and a day later they wanted to know if we wanted to do something about it.   My parents ended up sending the police to HER house, where her and her father were given a very stern talking to regarding false rape accusations and abuse of police services. My parents and her parents eventually got into a huge fight about the ordeal, with him obviously taking her side on the issue because she kept insisting, while my parents wouldn't even hear of it. It ended in court with her family having to pay my family for court and legal fees over this issue.   The whole thing got around school, the neighborhood, etc.. and ended with my sister's friend being socially outcast because of the events, as well as my sister losing a friend. It was unnecessary drama that could have been avoided if the police were not involved. Perhaps speaking with the boy's parents should be your first action, instead of the police?   Basically, I'm saying that if I were that boys parents and the police show up threatening him with rape charges with a peer, I would be LIVID and you better believe you'd be hearing from me, my lawyers and any other wrath I could throw down on you. What do you do you even hope to achieve from "scaring" him with the threat of sex crimes? That he won't be a hormonal teenage boy? That somehow your daughter's innocence and trust can be rebuilt through this boy's fear and anguish? Call his parents, talk with them about it, come to a mature and adult conclusion to this. It'll make you far more trustworthy in your daughter's eyes and you can avoid a potential clusterfuck of drama, headaches and heartache.
1	I finished season 2 with a shitty rating (~700)   I am now approaching silver with around 1050 rating right now. I for one am looking forward to playing with them, because if they abuse me for my lack of a border, it just makes it even more fun to beat them and watch the whine. and if I get to gold this season, and I end up getting abused for not having a border, it will just motivate me to play better.   the way I see it. If you don't had a lower rating than them last season, but earned your place amongst them this season, then fair play. You earned your right to be up there playing with them, if they abuse you for it, then more fool them.
1	It isn't, riot didn't state anything about it in the patch notes, even if blakinola did in his
1	The ONLY thing that really bothers me while playing Quinn is this, if you use your E on the same time Valor comes down to mark a target (be it creep or champ) there is a (I would like to say slim) but a rather big chance that Valor goes like "meh, I cant bother marking this other target aswell"
0	Ok kid, you just well full retard, you never go full retard. ~improper Tropic Thunder reference  >So, you were born in the 1950's?   How you got to that statement blew my mind. How does longer than most people equal the 50s? Very few people used computers before 1995 and even fewer worked on them. By this fact, that means I've been dealing with computers for a lot longer than  most  people.   Based on that previous statment you made, you have now been labeled a troll or just a complete moron. I'm sorry I proved your comment wrong but it doesn't mean you have to start twisting everything to defend your imaginary honor that no one cares about.   >The "internet backbone of 80's" " But for the technical definition of "internet" that those of us in the older crowd"   You are just pulling shit out of your ass and it shows. I gave you a technical response that you ignored completely. Point to point communication is a great start but isn't the same as access to a border-less web. If you have no interest in learning that's cool with me. Go make fake arguments else where like /r/Christianity I'm sure they are filled with people that like to make illogical arguments and believe them.
0	Oh god, I remember the first time I met someone from the South of the USA. On a ventrilo server, I must have been like 13, 14, trying to pitch in with adult conversation and every so often just get an "Oh, Elmo, bless your heart".   It sounded so friendly and after becoming a part of that group I heard it many times over a period of 5-6 years; after someone disagreeing with my, somewhat lacking in world experience, opinions and statements. I felt good and listened to before I learnt what it meant a year ago.
0	Well, the problem is that she didn't make an effort out of the gym. Really 60% of weight loss is about what you eat. I'd ask her in the morning when I was driving her to the gym what she ate for breakfast and she'd say something like "oh poptarts and cereal"... neither of which I would endorse for a weight loss diet...  And honestly, no. I mean I have crazy standards, I was an extreme athlete, training 5 hours a day for competitive swimming. I don't expect anyone to be as extreme as I was... But, I know that someone meandering at a leisurely pace for 30 minutes will not be enough for weight loss. Yes, it is a healthy activity (of which I do endorse!), but really my point was: if she wanted to lose the weight she would have done more than walk for 30 minutes on the treadmill. So again, it is a great activity, but no. It is not enough. Her diet, and lack of exercise that got her heart rate up was not enough.
1	I pretty much had the opposite happen. Twisted Fate mid was going against a Cho'Gath and I was jungling Skarner. As I decided to go and gank mid, the Twisted Fate thought it was a good idea to walk up to Cho'Gath in melee range and hold a Gold Card without using it. I'm just waiting in the brush right next to the lane, and I'm completely confused on what he's doing as Cho'Gath just keeps backing up to his turret while spamming Q and W. He calls me a noob for not ganking while he does that and tells me that "it was bait."
1	Without AP her heal is nothing and her spears deal no damage   Attack speed steroid during trades doesn't do jack either, I presume? And spears chunk even up till lane ends unless they buy MR- in which case you've won the itemization.   >her traps aren't as good as caitlyn's in bot because they do (very little) damage instead of being CC   Yup, 10 (?) seconds of vision and a great AR/MR shred is just bad.   >she has a totally useless ultimate and she is useless in teamfights even when she's the AP mid   Yeah, lemme tell you a COMPLETE EXTRA SET OF SPELLS is so useless, especially when you cast the whole rotation and switch back while you're other spells are on CD. And if you're trying to have teamfights as Nidalee, you're doing it wrong. You get picks and splitpush with a Nidalee.   Also, lemme throw a few numbers at you. Sona's heal vs Nidalee's heal.   Sona- 40 / 60 / 80 / 100 / 120 on a 7 second CD, with 6/7/8/9/10 bonus AR/MR   Nidalee- 50 / 85 / 120 / 155 / 190 on a 10 second CD, with 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 / 60% AS   Higher base heal at every rank, higher AP scaling on it, and once you hit rank 3 of the heal, the actual heal per second balances out with each other, and the swings into Nidalee's favor. And while 6 AR/MR might trump 20% AS, 8 AR/MR doesn't trump 40% AS.   >A mediocre AS steroid isn't enough to be a good support.   Which, I feel obligated to mention, even her 20% AS is more than you get from a Zeal. Also 15% more than Nunu's Blood Boil at max rank- I realize the MS and the 100% uptiime on Blood Boil makes it a lot better, but the AS is comparable. and Nid's only has 3 seconds downtime if you have 0 CDR.
1	In my opinion, TSM Chaox v2 would actually make sense. Reginald says he needs someone who he can trust to replace him, and while they did have that giant breakup, I'm sure Regi still has some trust because he knows how good Chaox's game knowledge is. Also Chaox wants to shotcall, which is also another thing Regi is looking for. And I think mid can fit Wildturtle's style extremely well considering he is super aggressive and it fits well with the meta.
0	The reason why it isn't acceptable (i.e.:"popular") is because it punches a wide, gaping hole in the logic of those who are trying to make you feel bad because you're white despite all the shit you've actually been through regardless.
0	I'm 21 years old, and have worked in the restaurant business since I was 15. I've seen more raw meat in one of those years than you'll likely see in your entire life. I've slaughtered and butchered multiple animals, and likely know more about food, and food preparation than you do. I must know more about biology as well...since I know that mammals have closed circularity systems.
0	Ohio is 36 months lifetime.  For a single parent with a child under 6, you were required to volunteer  86 hours a month this for $355 cash assistance (breaks down to about $4.13 an hour). For a single parent with 1 child over the  age of 6 it was 129 volunteer  hours (breaks down to $2.75 an hour).   *These were mandatory hours, after the first month of cash assistance was received it was no longer "job related".  Community service jobs basically,  free help to those companies who would accept free labor: local daycares, humane society, food pantry, and grounds work at the local cemeteries in my county. The punishment for missing hours was first offense: have benefits sanctioned (for adults not the kid's food stamps, and medical) for one month.  Second infraction: 6 months, third was a year. Obviously this could vary county to county, but it was my experience when I worked at our local Job and Family Services.
0	This reminds me of something strange that I do/think about sometimes. Whenever I hear about a death, like a fatal car accident or an overdose, I think to myself, "What if, when that person is pronounced dead, she/he is resuscitated in an alternate timeline?".  For example, when I was in high school, there was a freshman who died in his sleep from an enlarged heart. I was a Junior at the time, and I remember feeling guilty that I got to experience things that this dude would never be able to experience himself. He would never be able to get his learners permit, let alone his drivers license. He would never get to feel the joy of graduating and moving onto bigger and better things. He wouldn't get to experience any of it, because he was no longer alive.   It was at that point that I began to imagine what his life would've been like had he woke up that morning. He was a star athlete, so I pictured him graduating with a full ride to a nice school, where he would use his scholarship to discover another passion. And I imagine that he would pursue that passion with the same determination he had with sports. He would later graduate at the top of his class, and live happily ever after. He would die an old man, surrounded by his family, as he should have.
0	Who the fuck gets a laptop each year? This baby has lasted for 10 years and still going  just fine.   Also, I did get straight A's in both middle and high school an my parents could give two shits if I got A's or F's but it was my hard work and determination that got me it and I frankly learned from a young age that what you do is not to impress other people, but to give yourself the confidence and courage to make it in the real world. Learning is for you not for your parents or guardian. Unfortunately, some people never get this lesson and spend their entire life not really learning but trying to get the grade that their parents want. They would choose the easy classes over the hard classes so their grade would look better, even cheat some. We need to teach students that grades are not the basis that is your entire life. What you learned and what knowledge you have is. My straight A's were a combination of my own hard work and determination to make it in the real world  so I took the hard classes, failed some tests ,so what? I LEARNED. I went back, I looked over my answers, I found different ways to study that worked for me, I asked my professor for help. This helped me in the real world so much because just some of these people don't get it that you need I learn from your mistakes.
1	Do you guys plan on expanding the universe of the shadow isles with other maps to play?   For instance, considering whats been said by the lore and the speculations that have been made in the forums... Do you guys plan on making an instance theme'd run?   Something along the lines of two teams attempting to reach a goal within the center, (i.e. one team is attempting to revive the king and the other team is attempting to prevent it by sealing). Where in which both teams will have to go through a series of mini bosses or other types of obstacles that would obstruct them from their goals?   I'm really interested in the lore of the shadow isles and I feel like the new TT cannot flesh out the story beyond what the map offers.  LoL is in this position where instances can be made due to the progressive leveling system of the champions. This gives it the ability to create a variety of different modes to play within without having to implement different mechanics.
0	I know what you mean, I get conflicted as well.  On one hand I don't want to be that obnoxious guy who stares at girls and makes them feel uncomfortable, objectified and not want to come to the gym because of the "male gaze."  On the other hand, there are some really hot in shape girls who wear quite revealing spandex with cleavage popping out which makes for some great eye candy and motivation.   I compare it to someone calling your name, you can't help but to turn and look even if they weren't talking to you, it's just kinda instinct.  When I do this I feel guilty like I've done something wrong even if they dressed like that just so people WOULD check them out.  One of my ex-girlfriends (who happened to be large chested) would avoid going to the gym during normal hours because the looks she got made her so uncomfortable.  I would hate for this to be a barrier for someone trying to get in shape, which is part of the reason I try to avoid looking.   So instead I just end up staring at the freaking floor like some sort of socially inept weirdo or checking out super jacked dudes arms in jealousy wondering how many roid cycles I'd have to do to look like that.
1	It's an agency that basically ensures that artists get a certain amount of money for each of their songs being played / performed / used anywhere.   This includes youtube videos where songs are played and as a direct consequence of this a very large number of youtube videos are blocked to viewers in Germany, Grooveshark Germany shut down and we don't have Pandora here due to the same reason - they can't pay the exorbitant amounts this agency demands.   In theory their philosophy sounds great and perfect, and some of it really is. I'm all for supporting artists and letting people live off of what they do. But there are several issues with the way they handle what they do.   In Germany, to claim that someone's doing something wrong, YOU have to prove that THEY are bad. In the case of the GEMA, it is MY job to prove, that I have NOT done anything wrong - a complete reversal of the usual roles in Germany. It can happen that a school may not have their 7 year old kids sing some song at the school christmas party if 2 conditions are met; the first being that the school asks any amount of money from visitors, and the second being that the song is protected by the GEMA. This one song could cost the school over 500 Euros in fees and licensing costs. The rules are ridiculously inflexible and often a rule applies to a situation that it was never intended for. Clubs and often enough even Bars in Germany are currently in dire financial trouble simply because they want to play music and it counts a a public performance and thus they have to pay incredible sums of money. I've heard of clubs having to pay over 15000 (yes, 15k) Euros a month. Just for music. Add to that the staff, the rent, electricity and water, etc etc and it's hardly profitable any more.
1	How to carry as a support. some tips from a dedicated support player.   it can be really annoying in lane to have a bad ad carry. that's why you have to take some high impact supports to carry. someone who can disrupt heavily the enemy team during teamfights (Janna, Lulu, Sona. I dont include initiators like leona or alistar because initiating with a bad team can be really horrible). with the correct items you should have around 3200 hp so you are really tanky and the natural survavility of those supports is quite enough so you can separate from the team to ward/clear. Remember to build in order to enhance your best players. if your ap mid is doing awesome consider taking a WOTA. if your carry makes a comeback, get a zeke's. if your team is a little behind get an aegis.   in teamfights try to keep your carry safe (and by carry i mean the guy who is killing everyone, not necesarily your ad carry) and try to disrupt the enemy carries. THIS IS IMPORTANT a lot of people forced to support just spam skills hoping to get someone, try to aim and disrupt the right targets. if their ap already used his combo focus your skills on the enemy ad, if the ad is just as "good" as yours then focus your skills on the enemy ap.   PINGS. dyrus once said that pings are like retard magnets, people see a ping and they run straight to it. during team fights ping the enemy carries so your team can realize they are focusing the wrong target. ping the objectives everytime you can take them (towers are objectives too. if you just won a teamfight push a nearby tower before getting that dragon).   REMEMBER TO USE THE ACTIVES OF YOUR ITEMS. a lot of forced supports get items like Shurelyas or Locket and they forget to use them. its a really important part of the role to use those items at the right time. Shurelyas is good to escape bad engages or to force an initiation. Locket is good to counter initiate and tower dive.
0	I've lived in the US and I totally agree with you. Tipping has become utterly distorted.   What is a tip? A tip, also referred to as a gratuity, is a  voluntary additional payment made for services rendered . The emphasis here is on  voluntary .   Listen, if you accept the conditions of a waiting job then don't complain about said conditions! I am in no way, shape or form obliged to tip you. I don't give a fuck about social norms. And I'm sorry to point this out, but in the entire chain of service, your job is the most menial. It would be far more appropriate for me to tip the cook than to tip you. The service you essentially provide is carrying my food/drinks from point A to point B. Your work can easily be cut out and thus create an entire industry (self-service restaurants).   I expect your wage to be priced in to the price of the food on the menu. Just like the wages of the kitchen staff, the cost of the produce, rent as well as a profit for the person/company running the restaurant. Feel free to add a service charge as a restaurant. Just understand, that that'll be taxable as opposed to actual tips, which I'm sure nobody declares.   And what's with the fucking "service" argument? As I've pointed out before, waiting is a rather menial task. Lawyers, doctors, cab drivers, consultants, plumbers, mechanics etc. aren't compensated with tips. And they provide an actual service. So fuck you for feeling entitled to a voluntary payment.   Waiting is one of those jobs that are supposed to suck. But the good thing is you can get in to it easily. And the thing to do when you're dissatisfied with your job is to go out there and either find a better paying job or do something for which people are willing to pay you more than you're currently making. Don't blame me for your situation of not being able to get a better paying job. You've got more knowledge available for FREE at your fingertips than any generation in the history of mankind. So use it!
0	There are definitely male equivalents to the "child birth" level of pain. I had gone into the ER one night because I had completely lost the ability to urinate but my bladder was still full. The panic of having lost the ability to pee mixed with the intense pressure inside my body mixed with the unbelievable pain of the nurse who did not realize I had a stricture (scar tissue built up in the urethra) shoving a large catheter up my urethra unsuccessfully multiple times while telling me to "relax" because it was me that was stopping the catheter and not the fact that scar tissue had basically completely plugged up the hole I once had to pee through. It had a happy ending though. Because although she eventually shoved it through, most definitely causing further damage, I was able to get an actual diagnosis later and I had a surgery to remove that part of the urethra.
1	I want to give my 2 cents about this.   as i see things, tianci didn't have the financial strength to hold the teams so he ran away and left everything to the other team owners such as Wen Tian, Lan Mei Qi and so.  they payed for the team and manged it, maybe sold it to Bai Xing because they didn't have the money too - they did everything they can to keep the teams going and LMQ got into the LCS so it solved many problems.   now Tianci see that royal club is in the semi final, they may even take the big money reward of winning the world championship and he decides to come back to enjoy the fruits! why he can (at least can try) to do it is because the selling of the team is maybe really shady as it was his team when he ran away and he really didnt accept to sell it..   but if they didnt sell the team and hold it with their money when he ran away - probably there was no royal club by now !
1	hey new lee sin player.  I recently bought him as well and played him in the jungle at least 50 now. some pro tips you want E first to get initial damage off, then activate its secondary skill so it will slow the enemy so it results in easier Q skill shots.  Then you want to pop you W to ally units.
1	its funny cause half the greif is that the game takes too dam long, you know when your going to lose, and then it take 20+ minutes for the loss to actually happen. In that time, everyone is bitching, whining and complaining cause they can't leave, they will get banned. They are force to play this terrible situation for the next 10-15 minutes. And you always have some people who will refuse to surrender, no matter how obvious it is your going to lose.
1	so here's my diagnosis: you've carried the toxic attitude, knowingly or not, from the game to the forum.   Took me a while to get back to this comment but this is the main thing that I wanted to comment on, slightly irrelevant to the main post but I've had a lot of downvotes, a few more won't hurt.   This subreddit is already toxic, without this post. Whether you think my post is toxic, that's up to you. I've been on thie subreddit for over a year now, at the start it wasn't so bad. But now it's just so circle jerky. Everyone downvotes comments that aren't meta or part of the bandwagon, regardless of whether or not they are accurate and true. Unless the comments are from a pro or someone who claims to be diamond. Most of the toxic players in game are most likely on this subreddit too. There are a lost of hostile/aggressive comments around this subreddit which the same people are using in game.
1	Think of it like this, replace "playing LoL" with "playing football", are you, with the free time you have, going to have enough time and effort to make something of your football skills, no, you aren't. Try any other sport that requires time and effort, and balance that with a full time life, something will suffer one way or another. It's just how it is. So stop worrying about level 30, you don't have enough time to really put into ranked play anyway since you need time and effort to do even reasonably well (and that's if you have the skill to compete). Play to have fun, if you're not having fun, don't play. Level 30 isn't some magic milestone, I played 400+  normal queue  games before I bothered with Ranked, and you don't gain anything else at 30.
1	I will try to give everyone a (kind of) deep explanation on how to play as Morgana and how to build her up.   Item-wise, an underbuilt item on morgana is Frozen Heart : CDR (utility) + Mana (sustain thanks to your passive) + Armor (survability) + aoe AS reduction makes it an excellent choice for this AP carry. Another item I would go for, sometimes even before Deathcap, is Abyssal Scepter and I'll explain why Frozen Heart and Abyssal Scepter are core items on Morgana. When playing morgana, during lategame, when everyone is grouped as 5, you will flash onto enemy team, then ult + zhonya. The thing is that as you are in the middle of the enemy team, you will shred their magic resistance with the Abyssal Scepter and then you will slow their attackspeed with Frozen Heart. This, added to your damage and your stun, is a lot of utility for just one single champion.   The armor provided by Frozen Heart + mana + CDR  and the magic resistance and the nice ap boost coming from Abyssal Scepter will make you win nearly every teamfight. If you get blue buff , or even with the right masteries, you'll cap the 40% cooldown reduction easily.   My build at the end of the game should look like :   ROA + ZHONYA'S + Boots (merc or sorcerers) + DEATHCAP + ABYSS / Void Staff / FROZEN HEART / Banshee's  [zhonya's being the core item in your build]. You will hit q's for more than 1300 damage.   Another thing I really encourage is configuring a binding for smartcasting E on yourself. This will help you A LOT during laning phase because they won't be able to gank you and kill you if you are above 50 % health. I also turn off smarcast on Q and sometimes W. Landing Q's is absolutely essential as Morgana. Succesful Q's will help you initiate teamfights (with high chances of succes) or getting kills by chasing enemies.While farming, try to land W on all the caster minions because you can't no longer land it on both melee and caster creeps. When you have blue buff, tier2 boots, just clear minion waves as fast as you can with one or two pools and go top or bot for an easy gank as landing Q will ensure you a kill.   As I hope you can feel, I really love Morgana, and in my opinion, she is without any doubt one of the strongest if not the strongest AP carry in the game.   Peace - [sorry for my bad english]
1	Maybe against a lane opponent that plays passive.   Try to lane against a competent Orianna or Syndra and they will single handely destroy you. Throw a jungler with a gap closer into the mix and you can forget about ever reaching lategame.   Even then, her lategame isn't much better than what it was before the rework.   Also they pretty much killed build diversity when they decided to inflate ap but decrease her ratios. The only build that makes use of it is a very ap heavy build and not only this is very expensive but it will leave you lacking in defenses which is terrible for an immobile caster.
1	Right and Wrong to certain degrees. At a higher level of game play which normally occurs in ranked 5s, which is what this thread is about, EVERYONE wards. As a support main myself solo que and 5s are different to a certain extent. Philo shouldn't be built on a support who has gold quints unless they are mana dependent which potions can do that job better than philo can in both health regen and mana. Core active items are a lot more important and more costly and should be built quickly. If the support is in charge of at least 60% of the warding those items will not get built in time of need. Warding in 5s is so much more different than in solo que because of the fact that people will listen. I don't know how Diamond solo que warding goes because I havn't been there yet, Plat III not much wards are dropped. 5s theres more coordination and a team fight can lead to victory very quickly which and support matters just as much as any role and crippling gold income by putting all the pressure of warding on him only can devastate major peeling and ccing done to keep carries alive in the back line if the support has no items to survive a small AOE nuke or quick snipe from an adc or Mid.
0	I was a TA for a lab class of about 120, and it had 6 TAs.  Each TA was responsible for writing our own quiz each week, and then grading the lab reports.  The only thing graded uniformly was the final exam, where each TA was given two problems to grade and graded all 120 exams for those problems.   Clearly you have six different ideas of what is reasonable to ask for a quiz, what is reasonable to grade each paper.  I took the approach that I had 10 scores to work with (1-10, assuming you didn't do bad enough to earn a 0).  And I used them, all.  Each week someone would get a 10, and there'd be someone else who screwed up a lot of stuff, didn't realize it, and then argued that their result made sense when it clearly violated Physics.  They typically earned a 2 or 3.   Then you have other TAs who tried to use only the scores between 6 and 10, and offered half points.  So what I would call a 3 they are calling a 6.  It still represents the same level of "wrongness," though.   So, the professor for the course would simply take all the students associated to one TA and curve their quizzes to an average of 80, then curve the lab reports to an average of 85.  Now it's very consistent.   But if you look at what I did, many of my low scores get boosted upwards.  And my average score I always kept below an 80% or 85%, so nobody should be curved down.  If you look at the other TAs, they might have average scores of 90% and now most students are curved down.  I explained this to them at the start of class - how there's different TAs and everyone is curved according to their TA.  They more or less blindly trusted me.  Some were upset at their "average" scores, meaning 6/10, assuming they're bound to fail and decided to drop the course.  If they talked to me, I would have been able to explain that those 6/10s mean 85%, meaning a B - subject to how you do on the final.
0	There was a thread about a month or two ago in AskReddit where people were giving tips on how to be more attractive with minimal work. One of the tips was to smile more.   I had a crush on a girl I always saw in my college cafeteria. I never wanted to talk to her, because as beautiful as she was, and as nice as our mutual friends said she is, I just couldn't bring myself to talk to her in an environment where the only thing you can really talk about when you don't know someone very well is how shitty the food is. That's another tip I think I could give out: Don't be negative/cynical.   Well anyways, she added me on Facebook the other night, despite never having talked to me. I asked her how she knew who I was, and she said that a few of my friends would talk about me when she was around, and that she had noticed my smile.
0	My friends call my life a "straight up soap opera". Every girl I've been with have been crazy. I'm at a point in life where I straight up tell girls that I'm not looking for any relationship.   Sex; sex has been great. Like pornstar great. They can fuck like no tomorrow, and I believe they fuck like no tomorrow because they do their best to please us in bed in return of us pleasing them outside of bed. I'm a very open minded guy and I have always put a blind eye on the fucked up shit and ideologies some of the girls have, but you never go full retard, and that's what they all ended up doing.   Now this comes with a great consequence. Every girl who is crazy and great in bed subconsciously expects the guy to know this. The only way you can tell someone is crazy is when you see that crazy. It usually takes a month to notice the eradic behaviors and demands, and by then they expect you to marry them or something.   Anyways, I don't regret any decision I've made, but the biggest downside is that my expectations in bed has increased to the point that without being rude, I'll please the girl I'm with and I won't take it offensively if it doesn't pleasure me in return.   Last straw was when I literally had to force myself to enjoy the sex who was crazy AND bad in bed. I've never walked out after sez but this was it. I'm glad I flushed all the condoms the moment I was done. Her words after I was done was "Ohh! Can I see that condom?! I wanna see what your cum looks l-"  flushed   I guess not all crazies are good in bed and not all girls good in bed are crazies. Its just the luck of mine that I've been attracted to the crazy ones, and I have finally decided to stop looking for any relationship until I'm ready. If the girl is inexperienced in bed, I'll take it as a blessing and teach her the ways that'll make it awesome for the both of us, but there is no way I can handle the crazy ones anymore.
1	Scarra played like shit in a game with TheRainMan and scapegoated TRMs nonstandard build.
1	Oh, whats that? You banned out Anivia, Lee Sin, and Corki to target Froggen? Aren't you forgetting something? Oh shit, Wickd just instalocked Irelia or Jayce. Snoopeh gets his tree or mummy. Froggen still manages to pick up Karthus, Orianna, or Ahri. You straight up need 6 bans just to ban out Froggen's tournament level champions now that he's made it his goal to expand his picks (what with the 12 hour a day practice on Lee mid one day, then 12 hour a day practice on Corki mid the next, etc.) and even if you had all 6 of both teams' bans at your disposal, you'd be leaving Wickd and Snoopeh's signature picks wide open.
0	I agree with this completely, but at the same time, I've never been more grateful that so many people have acted like a fucking douche. Overall I'm pretty conflicted over it.
0	I understand man. While certain parts of the middle east definitely have some fucked up customs in regards to age of consent and women's rights overall, the USA still has some fucked up customs.   In 18 states it is still legal to marry your first cousin, and only one of those states has certain restrictions, for the other 17 its open season. And while it is illegal to marry or have sexual relations with young girls we still (as a culture) sexually objectify the hell out of them anyway. When a 10 year old has short shorts that say juicy on them, something got screwed up down the road.
0	It was part of an example and a joke about how difficult the lecture I had just given was. So I asked towards the end, "Okay, that was a lot to take in. Does anyone have a headache from this?" A few students tentatively raise their hands. Then I pick one of the students who raised their hand and move into a discussion about how responsibility connects up with true/false beliefs versus rational/irrational beliefs and I use the student's headache as an example in the discussion.   In this particular class I just happen to have an extra painkiller because I had bought a package of two from the campus bookstore before class and took one for my own headache I had that morning. So when I got to this part of my lecture and this example, I just happen to have a painkiller to hand the student with the headache who I was relying on as my example.   So... yep.
1	I agree with you entirely. Play to your teams strength. I'm weak both Mid and ADC, however I'm solid in Support, decent in the Jungle and okay at Solo Top. Putting me in to a Mid or ADC position is just asking for that tower to fall first. It's not that I haven't tried to get better at Mid or ADC, I'm just not good in those positions. Since my early days of playing multiplayer games, I have always found myself drawn to the supporting roles. Does this make me a bad player? I'd like to think not. Mostly because there are few people who can really appreciate the supporting role and enjoy playing it. I'm not at ranked yet, however, I have made huge plays in the Support role, just by giving out Top or ADC that little boost of Health or Mana while playing as Soraka.
0	NEVER EVER LAUGH!!! Just say "Ok" this response can work in any conversation. I was in school once in 5th grade. I was dicking around and didn't pay attention to the announcements. I say that everybody had stopped what they were doing and they put their hand on the chest. I thought we were going to say the pledge. So I stood there like everyone else. Except no one talked we were all just standing there looking at the flag. In my confusion I said "Are they going to do it" Everyone just looked at me. And my teacher told to be quiet. I said "Why?" in my confusion. Then the person on the speaker said "Thank you for your moment of silence" My teacher was so fucking mad. She looked at me and in all her IRL full caps rage "NEXT TIME WE HAVE A MOMENT OF SILENCE, YOU KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT!" I was bewildered and just sat down. Everyone was still looking at me like I killed someone. About 5 minutes later after we continued. My friend walked up to me and said "There was a bus full of college students that fell off the highway and no one lived." I didn't hear him because I was still thinking of what I did. I looked at my friend and said "Oh haha! That's pretty funny!" He looked at me and returned to his seat. And that's the story of why I say "Ok" when I can't hear them and I don't give a shit about what they say.
0	I tried that a couple years ago and had to go back to the "traditional" method after I nearly got in an accident.   Turns out that it's way more useful for the side mirror to let you see down the lane next to you. For example, if the yellow car in your diagram is a semi truck which is blocking the green car from your rear-view entirely.   You can always glance over to check your blind spot (and please, god, don't stop checking your blind spot just because you point your side-view mirrors weird) but it turns out you can't see more than 20 feet behind you in the neighboring lane without your side-views in the traditional arrangement. And that's important when changing lanes during highway rush hour with large lane speed differentials and a bus on your ass.
0	I dont even know what
1	Parents in asian countries rely more on other systems to raise their children. It's changing but teachers were responsible for raising kids and given lots of leeway. In america you have the complete opposite.  You see shitty parents and no way for teachers to step in.   Also labor laws aren't the best in asian countries and my cousin can literally go days without seeing his dad. That's also partly the education system.   When you're spending all the time awake away from your parents, the government should step in. Different systems. In America,  you get kids coming home at 3pm as opposed to after dinner or at 2am.
1	CDR is "better." Attack Speed is "nicer."   In pure DPS terms, 4% CDR wins out over 4% AS ~level 3 and on because the Attack Speed increase only scales off your base attack speed, so you only get an extra attack every ~38 seconds of non-stop attacking (Vayne base attack speed). 4% CDR you gain an extra spell cast every 25 non-stop casts  for each spell you have . Also, certain characters (Ezreal, Ryze) will scale extremely well with CDR, and you will notice a  very  significant difference between 35% and 39% CDR on a standard build for those characters.   CDR is by the numbers "better" for gold value and raw DPS (by a small margin on ADCs a large margin everyone else), but CDR is less noticeable in-lane than AS. However, that 4% AS makes last hitting creeps ~4% easier in lane. You will notice that it is a bit easier to last hit with the extra AS, but you need to get ~3CS per game  that you wouldn't have gotten without the 4% extra AS  in order for the gold values to balance out.
0	Meh, some people learn differently than others. I was enrolled internally, but the only times I ever attended were for mandatory practical sessions. Skipped every lecture in my final 2 years.   This topic comes up every other week on Reddit. Usually in /r/askreddit when people ask for college advice. Indubitably, this is the top post, and indubitably, I reply with this same old comment every time.   FWIW, my GPA was sufficient for me to get offered my PhD in geophysics.
1	To OP, Op.gg doesn't show ALL games, i'm currently trying to find a game to talk about and give evidence   but recently i played an elise jungle game, we were blue side so I started red and on my way to wolves i look at our mid lane karthus at 20% HP and he is pinging me for help, I wasn't even half way done with my first clear.   I tell him to back and heal, CS is not worth more to you than a death, so I do my wolves, half way though doing my blue I see "First blood", it was karthus. He immediately got on to all chat @ minute 3 and said "report noob elise" I told him again he should have backed and let me at least do my first clear before complaining, I had no coocoon I was level 2 when he was pinging me.   After that he went back to lane and CS'd while I ganked bot and got them rolling, we eventually won and he said sorry and gave me an honor.   The people who go into games with pent up rage are what cost most games, not kids.   Never go into a NEW game on tilt, always take a break if you fell like you aren't clear in your mind.   In my experience people get salty really quickly not just in ranked.   this would help if they took more break and didn't go on 8 hour grinds to get LP.
0	My mom is extremely open with me, as I am her.   When I was in grade....10, I believe, I had a friend who was one of those "bad boys" (I'm a girl, by the way) and I idolised him, like an idiot. He offered drugs to me on many occasions, and I started actually convincing  myself  that I wanted to try them. I said no at first, but I kept getting more and more tempted, so I went to my mom for advice. I told her I really hope she won't get mad at me, and I told her I sort of wanted to try a drug my friend had, just once, just to have that experience. Awesome mom here didn't flip out, didn't get upset. She basically said that she wouldn't be happy if I did, but she knew she couldn't stop me. She told me she had done drugs once when she was younger, and told me of her experiences with it, and to be honest...they didn't sound fun. My mom and I have similar thinking patterns too, so it sounded like I probably wouldn't like it either. So I didn't. I never tried any drug in my life (besides alcohol, but only socially) and I stopped hanging with the "bad boy" after a while. I'm really happy my mom helped me with that, and didn't get pissed at me. I honestly think I would have tried a lot of bad stuff if she had done otherwise. She also never told a soul about my question.
1	hi. im former backdoor yi main and former splitpush shaco main   ill outline the weaknesses of each comp and how to take advantages of them.  this is from like 500 games of personal experience.     ORACLES  if they are splitpushing, they probably have a ward in your jungle to spot ganks.  if you clean your jungle with pinks/oracles then they will be very vulnerable to ganks and generally free kills.  if they are not warding then they are free kills anyway.     death timers  understanding death timers is the key to stopping splitpush.  Splitpushing and dying is very forgiving before 30:00 because you are so deep into their side of the map that they will take too long to come back to your side of the map and you will respawn by then anyway.  So you have to hold until 30 minutes losing as little as possible. After 35:00 or so, splitpushing is extremely dangerous.  a single death will lead to baron or an inhibitor.     they suck at team fights and against cc  splitpushers like master yi, shaco, zed, fiora, nidalee all generally suck in teamfights.  even if they are fed, they are easily shut down by cc and exhaust.  so keep a cc bot like rammus or maokai or nautilus nearby to make sure they don't do too much.     they can't dive if they aren;t fed  if they are not fed, then cs at tower and wait for death timers to go up.     they want to 1v1 if they are fed   if they are fed then expect dives and have someone like kassadin or jayce or something to clean them up when they are low.
1	I was looking for this comment. Thank you. I don't know about everyone, but I know I enjoy watching S4 way more than S3. S3 was the same 10 champs every game, same stale strategy... you snowballed, you won. You can even see how much more even the games are now, because even if you screw up early game you can still come back... what's so bad about that?   That's like if in real sport, a team scroed 2-3 goals in the first period and won because they now have super speed/super kick powers while the other team is still human.
0	Actually... on some prebuilds and some notebooks there is no way to revert to 7.  I recently picked up an ASUS X200MA for cheap.   It's absolutely amazing the things that didn't work and didn't have drivers. Freakin USB didn't work. USfreakinB. The most basic things work with USB nowadays. My BIOS reads USB. Installers read USB. Why can't Windows figure out USB.   And it's impressive the things that don't freakin' work in 8. I hate Microsoft with the burning passion of a 1000 suns right now because of a ton of stupidity. I have to boot into freakin Windows in order to get into the BIOS. I want to punch every single member of the development team of Windows 8 directly in the face then in the junk.   I finally conceded after fighting with it for a good solid 24 hours trying to get anything but Windows 8 installed. I cried a little once I finally managed to boot into Windows 7 and realized how many things were broken with no drivers. At that point I knew there was no more point in fighting because I had no ethernet and no USB so there was no way for me to load drivers to continue further. PXE didn't work. USB booting didn't work. The only feasible way of continuing was to disassemble and pull the hard drive to load it on manually. But I had JUST finished reassembling the stupid thing so I wasn't really inclined to do it again.   Wow. That was long.
0	This is still bullshittery of the highest order.   You really think at 16, any non-mentally challenged human being couldn't make up their own mind about who they really want to have sex with?   Brandishing an 18 year old having consensual sex with a 16 year old with the rape brush just makes a mockery of rape to be honest.
1	I had just duo'd with a RL bud of similar skill and we got a troll who would lock singed no matter the team comp.  We lost the game decidedly and then I solo queued afterwards when my friend had to leave.  Lucky me, I got the same guy again.  I tell my team of his actions in champ select so as to get a better team comp, and I end up jungling lee sin.  We lose all map control and they take all dragons and barons up to a point but one drag (all of which resulted in a team fight in their favor) and we lose all three inhibitors.  The enemy team gets cocky and they come to finish off our respawning inhibitors 1 by 1 or in pairs and die as we try to peel them from the inhibitors.  We start winning team fights when they regain seriousness, and each time we won a team fight we would baron or push down mid lane.  After an epic team fight near drag caused by the enemy team chasing troll singed and myself away from bot lane, we take out the towers and finish.
1	Because WOTA got nerfed to the oblivion. That item pretty much sucks right now, while Spectral Wraith is really cost efficient even if you can't use the mana reg, the smite cd reduction, and the extra damage to monsters(at least not as well as a jungler could).   Forellenlord in the EU LCS went as far as buying Gunblade on Ahri instead of WOTA. The only time I remember somebody bought WOTA in the LCS was when Voyboy bought it with Ryze and to be honest, his Ryze sucked dick that game and Curse got trashed.   You get half the AP with Spectral Wraith, but you get 10% CD reduction and you pay 550 gold less. Also, if you plan to buy Spectral Wraith, you can start with Rejuvenation Bead and pots. Vlad loves to start with these items.
1	Vi is still A class jungler with insane team fight potential its just that she was stupid stupid stupid broken OP for a while, now that she's balanced theres some FOTM champs that just bring so much to any team that she's just less popular overall. Also, I think a lot of it is to do with how well she herself duels against the FOTMs atm. Most of them can 1v1 her on an even footing or in the case of Nasus/Voli they can totally ruin her day and make her a liability in teamfights - She jumps into the middle of your team, after her ult finishes they disrupt her and kill her before her team engages properly.
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends.   I usually stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   1 of my streams in a nutshell
1	If you're adc is bad, you gotta be the super secret support carry. You have to make it impossible for your adc to not get the kill cough Madlife cough Edward cough. I've literally had games where I had to build items like zeke's herald so that my I could keep my asshat carry alive who didn't feel like building lifesteal(also gave me some damage so I could shove kills down his throat...)   If the enemies are somewhat competent then the most you can do is try to make sure your carry out farms them... so zone like a mofo, or get some auras going to help ur adc last hit if they are spazzing out on the keyboard. also take any cs he's going to miss, no matter how much that carry flames... they lost that privilege...   Most Importantly, do not sacrifice yourself for said carry. We do not need two feeders in the game, you can usually come back from one, but two... not so much... If you know you can save him and get out, go for it. other than that its not really worth it   Just get into the zone and carry for your carry(while letting him get the last hits lol).   If all else fails, the laning phase will end soon, so just try to prevent disaster for as long as possible...   Other people are saying to roam, which is a good idea, if you think you carry won't die 5 more times while u roam.
0	Because saying things like this makes me worried about what will happen when AI finally does arrive. If people truly think that artificial consciousness is impossible, with no evidence to support them, what will happen when it actually does appear? This mindset makes people biased against any potential AI.   I would hate for humanity to create AI just to enslave it under the pretense that it is not "really conscious" because it doesn't have "emotions", or "free will", or  a "soul".   Besides from not being falsifiable, assertions like these detract from people actually trying to study consciousness and emotions from an empirical mindset. Perhaps the reason we haven't created consciousness yet is because people like Butazzo say that we can't.
1	Elo hell" is considered the bracket just above and below your true elo. Essentially it's the threshold you cross into where you can no longer single handedly carry every member of your team on your back. The closer you get to your actual elo, the less impact you have on the game itself. It's approximately 200 elo below and above your actual elo.   If your true elo was 1500, for example, anything below 1300 you could easily just roll face and destroy every team fight, regardless of the derp on your team. As you approach 1500, it isn't as guaranteed that you're going to play amazing or get fed enough to carry everything - not to say it isn't possible - it's just less likely since you're playing against people at or around your skill level. This results in your 50/50 win ratio that keeps your elo relatively stable - ie "true elo."   Basically, you climb the ladder and grind your way to  your  elo hell, then you bounce around in there for a while. This is the reason that people complain about elo hell - because they have a smaller impact on the results of the game and therefore every turnout is seemingly decided by the ragers/feeders/afkers on your team. When you have less control over the game, it's everybody else's fault that you're stuck.
1	I think the existance of lolnexus with its current functions is the problem. If you get matched with a Plat V player as Gold V and he has no border he must have bought his account. Thats at least what most ppl think. Thinking that is obviously not an issue but commenting on it in-game is. The blame will always be on that guy. I had a silver game with a bronze-plat duo and the plat player got flamed the whole game because he couldnt do anything against the enemy jungle after we lost the lvl1.   Another bad part and the worst in my opinion is the runes and masteries section. Oh, the enemy sona doesnt have armor and Im jungling Lee Sin? Maybe just lanegank the botlane instead of the usual early toplane gank. Bad example, I know but I think you got the point. Runes and masteries shouldnt be visable to enemies and I dont think Riot is okay with that either. Unless everyone uses lolnexus there is an advantage for those using it as long as they use it in a positive way for their team because there are also players giving up early because of a high rated opponent and these are the worst because they drag down the whole team in most cases.
0	and you, asshat, didn't follow up on what I suggested... if you would have looked at my other posts you would have seen that I did indeed show a tank that has wheels and the fact that a military manual (FM 17-98, since I know you wont go look at my other post) says that there is no military definition of the word tank so you can include any vehicle with armor that helps during battle... yes, I don't use vernacular all the time, I try to use the correct definitions IF available... sorry
1	I won a game I THOUGHT was impossible to carry. A support blitz that didn't know how to play blitz... OR support. I was mid and had to buy wards instead of blitz, he was too busy buying armour against their tripple AP team, with corki ADC, instead of wards. Only pull I think I saw him land was when I was about to hit ori ulti on a target, and he pulled him out of it. And he pulled him to a position that was overall better for the target than where they were...   We still somehow won that through playing carefully, not doing stupid throws and wait for enemy team to throw instead.
1	Ive watched Phantom for quite awhile. I feel he is still a decent enough guy, but months and months of teaching at low elo has (imo) caused his "skill" to decline drastically. Just like when someone high elo plays at low elo, some of the "normal" events that occur in a game suddenly feel very foreign. Suddenly trying to climb the elo bracket again is probably a lot harder than he originally thought, so the rage happens, the flaming happens and the frustration sets in. Yeah, I HATE when he flames. You know what I do though? I sit in my chair at home, call him an assclown and continue watching the game. Who cares, its his stream, let him do what he wants.
1	I think you're wrong here pal. Gnar's mega form is goign to be easy to predict. And Gnar's mini form has the least stats in the game. I would say level 1-3 you can just murder the thing with full ferocity stacks double q and ignite. Then you snowball before he becomes a problem. He'd only be a problem if you don't know how to use bushes. He has like 340 range early or something small, easy enough to jump on him. likely will start boomerang so no escape.
1	Trash talk is apart of competition. Its in peewee sports all the way up to professionals. Granted the anonymity of online gaming can make the degree of trash talking a little bit more harsh its still apart of the core of any competition. Complaining about it is just fueling the every boy and girl no matter how poor they do, always gets a participation trophy, pussification of America.
0	Sorry if I'm treading on your dreams here, but working from home and looking after a kid are fairly mutually exclusive, unless you plan to work in the 2-3 hours of child nap time and get almost nothing done in the rest of the day.  It's not so much that they scream and cry and shit their pants, which they do (a lot), it's that you're constantly interrupting your flow in order to check that they're not eating some small deadly object they found, or pulling something breakable off its shelf onto the floor, or attempting to strangle themselves with an electric cord, or  how the hell did you climb up on there you're not supposed to be there oh god will you fall off before I can sprint over there to grab you .  Babies are a little easier because they stay where you put them, but they still need a lot of attention - and the stress of not knowing what it is crying for is harder to cope with.  The idea that you'll just sit at the computer working and the child will safely entertain itself for more than 10 minutes at a time is not realistic.
1	Well, I'm not high elo in any sense (Only Gold), but I have been playing since Beta (so I'd like to think I know at least something about the game)... I used to main Talon when he came out, and for the majority of Season 2 until I moved to the US from Europe, and I even I have to say that he does need a change.  Now, while I say this, I do think the change they are making is the wrong one.   In my opinion, the change on Talon takes away any real escape he had pre-6.... the 20-30% slow isn't enough and .1 sec isn't enough time for any cc (look at Trundle and his Q.... only reason I know it slows is because that's what the description reads, otherwise I'd say his only slow is his pillar).  When Talon had his silence, there was a possibility for escape (use w to slow, then e to silence so you can make an attempt at getting away).   Now you might say, "Why does Talon need escape when he is supposed to all in?"... Well because pre-6 (the time Talon is at his weakest in game) he is super vulnerable to ganks and tower dives (due to him being so squishy), so his lack of escape will force him to burn flash, which pretty much leaves him will 5 minutes of non stop ganks that will result him Talon being put so far behind that it's not even funny.   What I suggest is either, swap the CCs of E and W (though I think this is still too much, if not worse, as a good Talon player can e - w almost instantaneously... also give Talon even less counterplay as Talon can just poke and silence with W to win every trade), Give Talon's E the ability to be used on friendly wards/minons/etc. like Katarina's Shunpo (in my opinion, this is probably the best idea as it fits his Lore, since him and Kat are pretty much comrades, and it will give him the escape he needs while giving him counterplay in lane), or rework Talon entirely (which I wholeheartedly disagree with as I feel Talon is mostly in a good spot, and his Kit makes sense overall).   I do have to say that I don't agree with the multiple charges on Talon's E idea as it doesn't allow for escapes as well and again promotes less counterplay since a good Talon player can just W, preload Q, E-Q, then E to a minion... all in almost less than a second.   So what do you think?  Anything I may be missing (I admit my ideas are far from perfect and I'm more than happy to hear where my arguments fall short)
0	I guess it boils down to how it's handled with the kids before, during, and after the divorce. Any parent that's considering divorce to already divorced, I suggest you read a small taste of my life and consider the potential outcome of your actions before you do them.   My parents divorced when I was 10. Before the divorce I was asked which parent I would rather live with; this translated as "which parent do you love more" to my 9yo mind and was the seed of my depression and suicidal thoughts for years. I told them I loved them equally and wanted to live with both. Thus they had joint custody of me and I live with each parent one week at a time. Two sets of everything from game consoles to clothes in my different rooms.   During the divorce, things foreshadowed how horrible both my parents truly were. I was the unwilling tool of their vengeance to the point that they actually forgot about the need to enroll me in school. After the abuse I got at public school and begging my parents to not go back to that particular school, my dad decided to find a private school. It was so late in the game that there was only one school willing to take me and they were on another island. Of course my mom considered this kidnapping even though my dad got the legal part sorted out. So my mom tried to kidnap me back; police had to be called to my school, I missed class, and my new classmates were a bit distant after the unusual commotion.   After the divorce was a personal Hell. Both my parents are narcissists (/r/raisedbynarcissists) and I was the center of their spite for each other. I came real close to committing suicide many times. Of the times when I was 10 holding a knife to my chest, the only thing that stopped me from doing it was the thought of how sad it would make my parents. For a while that's what stopped me when I was moments away from ending it; eventually it changed into a mental block and I am unable to intentionally harm myself. I knew the depression and suicidal thoughts were not normal and asked for help from my parents. Being the narcissists they are, they chose to ignore my requests much like they ignored my ADD diagnosis when I was 6. The best that I can gather is they're embarrassed by it and would rather go on like it didn't exist. My requests became please and those please went on for years until I was 17.   I endured my sentence of changing homes every week. They fought over everything down to the clothes on my back. I recall being enrolled into another school as the last one had a racist teacher/principal; this was a small school with some of the teachers living on property and my parents ended up in a screaming match in the parking lot before meeting the principal. I was used as their method of getting back at each other.   In addition to being one of their weapons, they also took out their anger on me with mentall abuse. This is far worse than physical IMHO. No one on the outside will ever have solid evidence of the abuse and most people wouldn't clue in anyways. My father put me down regularly and at times made fun of me. I could never do anything right with zero praise when I did. My dad sing my praises to his friends, but I couldn't believe it when I heard about it from them. My mother was worse with the constant lies and manipulation; I never knew what to expect from her and whether to believe her. The phrase "I have a surprise for you" has special meaning with me and immediately puts me on guard. My father occasionally would talk bad about my mom, but he did acknowledge that it wasn't right. My mother on the other hand would go on for hours talking shit about my dad with some truth and with lies. There was other fucked up shit she did, but I don't want to go there.   After five years of my sentence, I told them that I wanted to switch to two weeks instead of one. That provided a little bit of relief. After I graduated from HS, I told them that this living arrangement was over and I chose "which parent I wanted to live with". I took the lesser of the two evils and there I at least had a little more freedom.   I'm in my early 30s now, but the scars are still there. I am low contact with my parents and have no qualms about taking a restraining order out on them if necessary. My parents do not get to be around my offspring without supervision and I have been known to pull my child from their arms and correct them (my parents) when they start talking out of line. Think about that from my parents' point of view; their son that they think they raised well doesn't want to have anything to do with them and would rather not they see their grandchildren.   This is a small insight. There was so much they did that should never be done to a child. I wouldn't wish my childhood on my worst enemy, but I do recognize it made me a better person. Still, it doesn't make it right.
0	That used to happen to me all the time as a kid. Growing up my dad had a black mustache and hair as well as olive skin, during the early 90's when Saddam Hussain was on the news all the time. Apparently I would look at my mom and say "Look mom! It's daddy!!"
0	There is an illegal who is (was?) in the hospital in Texas with some kind of brain tumor and he's been in a coma for months. Of course he's uninsured and the hospital wants to send him to a hospital in Mexico to continue his treatment. Well, his wife (also illegal, if I recall) is suing to keep him in the USA, at the hospital.
0	I worked in a library.  Had one lady whos husband died.  She used all of her leave, her fmla, and catastrophic leave.  When there was no leave left she started coming in drunk and yelling at staff.   She got early retirement at 45.  Was never fired.   I personally worked in IT. I had nothing to do.  I had organized the shit out of my office and workspaces and storage rooms.  I had taken to doing light maintenance but ran out of that. I browsed reddit 8 hours a day 4 days a week.    I told my boss this.   He said, "thats fine.  Just think of it as being paid to be on reserve for when you are needed."
1	Similar thing happened to me yesterday. I normally play jungle, but when I was setting up my runes and such, a person kindly asked if he could because he hadn't in a while. I said that's fine and went top, because I need a lot of practice top laning.   I get there as Mundo against a Fiora. She has Ignite and Exhaust, and she thinks she can out duel my E at level 1. We exchange a few hits and she's down to about 25% hp and I'm at 65%. She goes back to turret to eat some potions, and I start farming. As all of this is happening I'm noticing all of her weaknesses, but then she exhausts me, then ignites me and then their WW comes out at level 3. Needless to say I die. Shaco comes and tries to gank but he's only level 2, and she's not 4 and she eats him.   Before 35 minutes I'm 1/8/4 and this blitzcrank on my team would not stop calling me a noob and how I fed top lane, but even when I'm 2 levels under her, with no gold items I can still almost kill her every time because the fiora was playing badly, just fed.   Game goes on for about 53 minutes. Our Talon is 9/2/7 and being really supportive, being helpful and such. I end the game at 7/9/14 while the blitzcrank ends at 4/9/3 with 80 farm less then me(He wasn't supporting he stole farm all game).
1	When faker got killed he had the matchup against him (how is kassadin a counter pick to talon?). Lets say Cristiano Ronaldo gets "outplayed" by the other teams winger would you really say that the other player is better overall because Ronaldo played it bad once. Please Faker is the LOL version of Zlatan in Sweden its hard to perform as good as you could when the resources dont allow. it(Resources=Teammates)
1	I never say anything in select as most people don't care about what I say. I never call out my role nor do I pick something that doesn't fit our comp. I always pick the champions my team wants me to pick as long as I can play it. I even do this if I am the first pick. Mostly because of this I play support champions.   Most of my teammates feed. The ones who call out their lanes in select feed the most. All of my ad carries blame me for their play. Sometimes they also blame the jungler. I never blame nor flame. I get reported sometimes for not flaming and blaming my team back. They then report me for not communicating. Sometimes my ad carries afk after I accidently got a kill in an early scrim. They call me a noob or worse. They call me bad at the game and tell me to learn to play. And when I try to talk to them they get mean.   Once I tried to talk to this one guy. He played Vayne. He refused to go back even after I pinged the shaco in the tribrush and told him to back. He died. I told him to pay more attention to the minimap and the chat in the future. He was not amused by that. He told me he would make me lose this game if I won't shup up. He called me a bitch. Then he died to a gank a minute later and said it was my fault. He died a few times more in the enemy turret and afk'ed.   sadface.jpg
1	I don't think you understand the importance of the support role. Support, along with Jungler are two of the most important roles in solo queue. Supports hold more power than ADC's for the first 15 minutes or so in the game, which are key minutes to set the pace of the whole match. A good or bad play from the support can either win or lose you bot lane, which will lead to dragon for one of the teams, and can start the snowball. Clutch plays toward mid and end game can seal the deal and win it for you as well.   Just because a support doesn't last hit doesn't mean you should assume they have issues laning. It's a really stupid generalization that has no evidence to back it up.
1	Yeah, I laughed my ass off watching, but I totally understand how it might have been weird/annoying to people who didn't know Dyrus. Also Jiji seemed genuinely annoyed by it? Not sure.   The way I see it: Dyrus understood that he had a LOT of fans there at the event, and he was engaging in what we like to call fan service. Maybe he took it a little too far, but honestly I prefer people who try too hard to be fun over people who stand there awkwardly and barely open their mouth.   In related news, I cannot wait for my first chance to interview Dyrus. TSM interviews are always a tricky thing. If you want a really chill, nice guy, you go for xpecial. If you want some actual insight and maybe a funny interview, you take Chaox. And if you want to get the crowd hyped up, you take Regi. (I have very little experience interviewing Oddone and, in the past, RainMan). I feel we now have a team with a lot of really good interview candidates.   This is actually a harder problem than you would think. Teams like, say aAa, you have a real problem to pick a candidate. sOAZ claims he doesn't speak English (he does), Linak and Yellow never want to do interviews (although Yellowstar is brilliant when you do force him to do it), so that leaves you with MoMa and nRated who both aren't really in the oldschool core of aAa. nRated is the most solid interviewer, but you don't always want to use the same guy.
0	I have had discussions with my wife about this. She loves the twilight series. She once said more guys need to be like Edward. I asked her what her SERIOUS response would be if I said something like this:   "Before you, (insert wife's name), my life was like a moonless night.  Very dark, but there were stars, points of light and reason. . And then you shot across my sky like a meteor.  Suddenly everything was on fire; there was brilliancy, there was beauty.  When you were gone, when the meteor had fallen over the horizon, everything went black.  Nothing had changed, but my eyes were blinded by the light.  I couldnt see the stars anymore.  And there was no more reason for anything."   She ended up agreeing she would probably laugh and tell me to cut the crap.
1	She's a difficult champion that if played well provides enormous DPS and utility. Cassiopeia is a good example of a character just like her, while in my opinion Syndra is a better champion overall.
0	sometimes, people make mistakes and actually learn from them.   i cheated once on my boyfriend. there is nothing i regret more. i know it was a decision i made, and although the situation was confusing (bf and i were "technically" broken up, but still "committed", it was weird), i still made a terrible decision. i am so lucky that he forgave me. it took a while, but he did. granted, i didn't get pregnant... or really have sex at all (tried though. ugh.). and he did the same to me before that even (which might be part of why i decided why not on cheating (STILL NOT OKAY I KNOW) and partially why he forgave me, because i'd forgiven him). we had a pretty fucked up relationship for the first two years...   BUT MY POINT. maybe she learned. everyone deserves a second chance. maybe not a third. definitely not a fourth. but everyone deserves a chance to prove that they know what they did was wrong.   sorry i'm posting my fucking life stories tonight, this shit is silly -_-
1	Not exactly me, but my housemate does that.  He studies engineering as I do, but is way less willing to spend the time I spend on league and thus just watches Lcs(In his case CBLOL -  the Brazilian lcs).   He also got that rusty ass laptop he doesn't bother cleaning up so he just lags every now and then.
0	Dude, you are 15, everyone I know who started tripping at that age is a borderline schizophrenic now. Wait until you are 18 when your brain is a little more developed, hell you should barely have started smoking green at 15 man.
1	I was just in a 5v5 match, I am level 2. I picked volibear as he is f2p and it seemed like the champ to pick. We had volibear(me), Ashe, Veigar, Amumu and Sivr.   I was told to take top lane with Amumu and straight away we were getting harrased by their volibear and wukong. Amumu kept pinged one of them so I charged in to flip him nearer.....nothing. I end up in between him and wukong with no help.   Inevitably I died and was instantly called "noob" by Amumu. I explained that I am a noob and that any tips were welcome....nothing. He died after chasing one of the enemy champs and starts telling the other team to report me. REALLY.....I'm level 2, are you going to report me for being unskilled!!!! I am, just trying to learn same as everyone else did when they started.   I got comfortable with volibear and we started pushing mid game, our Sivr was well fed and carried us the whole match. Amumu called for surrender every chance he got even though we were clearly winning. I just don't get this attitude, if you don't like other people then why play a team game like LoL?
1	I might get hate but go ahead, Lee is pretty damn strong from what i've witnessed in games, i don't think he needs a rework just a nerf in the amount of damage he dishes out for a low amount of items. (hydra, or hydra/lw) He also has insane life steal if he decides to go full damage (with his second active on his W). He can also pretty easily (with ult) 100-0 just about anyone (except for tanks of course) if he has gone a more damage route. I don't see Lee Sin as balanced but neither OP but somewhere in the area of being a lot stronger then most champs for what they give out.
1	Hecarim is strong in the meta because he functions well to his design as a fighter. He's not OP, his design just works well with how you build.   If you build tanky you'll be hard to kill, as intended. Enemies will hit you more and thanks to your E and AoE abilities you can handle the stress.   If you build damage you'll deal damage as expected. Trinity Force is good because of what it does for Auto and Auto-reset champs. Hecarim gets amazing utility for all of the items used to build it, but is still easily killable  because he didn't build tanky.  This often causes outcry because people miss the damageless farmfests of old metas but it's a lot more healthy for the game, toplaner meta more importantly.
1	If I'm solo mid I pretty much always start with boots and pots. If I'm laning with a support champ who has heals (or I know they're really good with shields/stuns) I'll do Doran's Blade, though honestly boots and pots still aren't a bad choice.   Generally I get boots and pots first, then 2x Doran's, some wards and some more pots on my first trip back. Sometimes I can afford Berserker's Greaves on that first trip back if I'm doing really well and I'll get those too. After that is B.F. Sword into Bloodthirster, then Zeal, then Phantom Dancer.   Really though it just sort of depends on how well you're doing and when you have the chance to go back and buy. If I'm really owning sometimes I'll skip the Doran's and go straight to B.F. Sword, then Greaves, but generally having the 6% lifesteal and 200HP is really, really helpful for staying in your lane.
1	They are all attacking thresh so the tower is aggroed towards them nami stuns thresh with the bubble, so it starts attacking her, she tries to run but gets killed by the tower. Now its only naut and cait left, since cait is attacking thresh too it stars attacking her, thresh stuns her with the chain grab and the flay, and she gets killed by the turret, naut is the only one left and dies as well.   so yes,
1	Not sure if you are trolling... But I'll explain anyway.   Two things. First of all your list of options in other lanes show perfectly why we need ADCs in botlane. Because with very few exceptions the champions simply don't work outside of 2 man lanes. (Or free farm laneswaps.)   Why do teams need ADCs? Towers. You could easily build a composition without an ADC, that will beat most ADC based compositions in straight up fights. They would however have problems sieging or defending if they get behind.   Your argument is that if a role is necessary they must be balanced or even OP, which from a mathematical standpoint might be correct. ADCs are OP in the same way supports where OP in earlier seasons because they were the ones who could provide utility while buying wards.   Outside of sieging they feel lackluster. And if your team is bad at pealing they are completely useless. This is especially true for non pros (so just about everyone), which contrary to popular belief is a lot more important than the pro scene.
1	I'll be doing like why team x picks  champs a b c e f and team y picks 1 2 3 4 5. then how team x is playing their comp against team y then, team decision making like vision, objective and map pressure, over all somewhat like why team x is doing this against team y and team y should this when team x is doing this.
0	You think so? It strikes me as a pretty good response. It's clever and also true. It's like thanking a merchant and having the merchant thank you for "your business," another way of saying, "Thanks for paying my salary!" Your buddy is acknowledging that it's a two-way street, that he isn't out there working and risking his life just because America, and that taxpayers make his military employment possible.
1	let me tell you a short story. I play this game since 3 years ("end of season one"-ish). I became a hard rager, didn't looked at my own mistakes, didn't improved that much, "stuck" in gold cuz of that attitude.   I didn't had fun, I just wanted to win and climb. In early season 3 I got banned for the 10th and last time (aka permaban).   I took a break for like 4 weeks and started playing again on my smurf that was already level 30. in the beginning i raged a bit (like "why you do this", "why you do that" etc. but not real rage) and at some point I just stopped. I nearly write nothing anymore and just have fun. Of course I play to win, but when I lose I learn from it and take it as it is - a loss. I am now platin 1 and still climbing.
0	technically they are not. Simply causing terror does not make someone a terrorist, if that were true scary movies would be terrorist propaganda. What differentiates home-grown or domestic terrorists from 'lone wolves' is that terrorists intend "[to intimidate or coerce the United States government, the civilian population of the United States, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives.](   There is no evidence that the Colorado or Sandy Hook shooter intended to coerce anybody.
0	They come from two specific roots: 'th-' words come from Proto-Germanic [* sa ]( oblique '* a- ', a determiner meaning "that"; and 'wh-' words coming from [* hwaz ]( a general interrogative pronoun.   Specifically to OP's question, there were two types of adverbial extensions to these roots, * hwa-n , "at what time", * hwa-r , "at what place", and * a-n , "at that time", * a-r , "at that place".   In West Germanic languages, * hwan  and * an  were further extended to * hwannai  and * annai , with what I assume is a locative suffix, but with the same general meaning. These last two are the direct ancestors of English 'when' and 'then/than'.   "What" and "that" both come from the neuter nominative forms of these two roots.   There was also a second determiner, [* hiz ]( meaning "this". It more or less crumbled apart and became the basis for English third person pronouns: "he", "him", "her", and "it" all come from this root. But the original meaning still lives on in the adverbial extension * hr/*hi-ar , "this place", source of modern English "here".   A little more on the 'wh-' words: "who", "whom", "what", "why", and "how" all come from it as well, originally being the inflectional cases on the one root. "Who" and "what" are descended from the masculine and neuter nominative, * hwaz  and * hwat , respectively; "whom" comes from the dative case, * hwammai ; "why" and "how" each come from a variation of the instrumental case, * hw  and * hw , respectively.   The back rounded vowel in * hw  caused the approximant /w/ to disappear in English "how", leaving only the original voiceless velar fricative, which regularly became /h/ word initially, but disappeared in front of other consonants.
1	Depends on where you are on the east coast and how you path to the server. Somedays i get 98~ others i cant get less than 110. I went from smooth gameplay to packet loss in about a week.
0	I hope you beat them 'till they cried. No one should do that shit.
1	As opposed to what?   "Do any other junglers just HATE it when their lanes lose?"  "I hate it when my AD carry thinks sitting behind them healing is sub-par support play!"  "Hey guys I have a totally underrated build for Maokai: Mobility Boots, Bloodrazor, Phantom Dancer! It's OP!"  "Rumble could really use some buffs right now. I played him once and lost the lane."   The discourse on this subreddit is fucking appauling. The people who submit content 9/10 times are being paid to do so, the majority of people discussing the game are very low elo who say things that are simply false, and the rest of it is fan art.   /r/starcraft is fucking incredible relative to this shitty subreddit. Results in recent professional games (it's sad LoL's pro community is too unprofessional to play real games on a timely basis and instead just grind solo queue all day), LAN events, and true characters. Team switches, recent events, recent patches, champion spotlights, interviews,  news ...that is the shit relative to this subreddit.   If you want to learn how to play a champion, ask yourself: is a professionally-written guide on solomid.net still relevant? If yes, shut the fuck up and go read the guide. If no, ask the community for what has changed in the patch or two since the guide was written.   If you have a suggestion for the game, ask yourself: how long have I been reading this subreddit? If it's less than one month,  shut the fuck up . Your suggestion has already been posted at least three thousand times. This includes, but is not limited to:   1) No elo loss in 4v5s.  2) Commendations.  3) Achievements.  4) Skin suggestions (if I read about bowling ball Malphite one more time, I swear to god I will come at you. With everything I've got).   Further more, if you are submitting a post, don't say "Just a suggestion!" or, "This is why I love Riot".   Finally, the most important point of all: downvote blog spam. 99% of content submitted by Dignitas, SK, DiffTheEnder, Elementz, Stonewall_008, Travis, Comely, and all the other 'personalities' on this subreddit is only out there to drive page views and subscriptions. If there is some  news-worthy  article or event or something pertinent to  right now , yeah sure submit it and upvote it.   "Hey guys, there's a big Korean tournament coming up and I, well-liked community figure, need your help getting there" = okay.  "Hey guys, well-liked community figure here with an article on how to stay calm in solo queue" = not okay.   If you're some [blog spamming asshole]( whose job is to drive hits to the website, head [here]( and take out an advertise targeted on /r/leagueoflegends instead of promoting your crappy content nobody bothers to read in the first place. This subreddit is not an RSS feed for your blog's content, it is not a subscription feature for your YouTube channel.
1	Well, I think you're a little confused there. It is intentional feeding. I actually just reported a guy for this. See, these players are feeding, right? You'll agree with me that 0/8/0 is feeding, I'm sure, especially in a 20 minute surrender. (S)he was a really really bad player. But that's only half the story. This person was playing the game. They were clearly moving around and everything. They were  intentionally  playing the game. There's the intent.   Thus, I reported for intentional feeding. Serves them right for sucking so much at the game.
0	I actually read that stickied post before the admins went full retard with the ban hammer. In it, the mods explained the situation and said they'd remove all of those pics and keep them off the subreddit, and as far as I know they succeeded in that endeavor.
0	After marking thousands of tests and exams I came to the conclusion that there is no such thing as 'incredibly obvious' answers.   As a TA I was not only involved in grading tests/exams but also in making them. And very often we included problems that were close to trivial if you did study a bit and yet those questions usually left unanswered and only a minority answered them or attempted to answer them.   In my experience, 'trivial' questions in classes/lectures appear to be trivial because you discusses them for some time and therefore everything is fresh. But if you didn't familiarize yourself with the subject after classes/lectures your newly acquired knowledge disappears and then you're in the exam/test and was once trivial in the class seems not so trivial in the exam.
1	If I remember right awhile back someone said Popular streamers actually lose revenue when they stop streaming to prepare or take part in a tournament.   Think it was somewhere in a Hotshotgg thread a long time ago. I haven't been keeping up with much of League in the past few months but wouldn't it be more profitable just to keep the entertaining streams up as much as possible?   Keep up the random rage and entertainment value of their streams. Increase and Stabilize their viewer counts. Then just make money out of a Tourny setting.   I think if everyone didn't live together their streams would be less interesting. They might win tournaments no doubt, with the breathe of fresh air from being away from each other, but wouldn't they lose more money than gain, from the lack luster stream content?   I don't know just talking out my ass about shit I don't even know completely.   Get it? Ass, Shit...... Yeah!
0	I only read your post because I had to see how a staples office supply link fit into this conversation...
1	Woong is foreign, we don't hear nearly as much news about him especially since he hasn't really done anything notable since then besides Quantic.   Anyway, to sum it up:   I didn't really know much about Woong since I don't follow the Korean scene all that much.  I catch a game here and there but that's about it.   So, first thing I can remember hearing about him is that he screwed over some player in order to invite Locodoco onto his team.  Ok, whatever, dick move but I don't really care all that much.   Next thing I see about him is his performance during worlds at which point he cheated and looked at the minimap.  Ok, what an asshole, Riot was dumb as hell to put the screens in that position but IIRC TSM also saw that the screens were in a bad position but instead of using it to their advantage they paused the game and asked Riot members for the screens to be turned off.  Riot refused.  Anyway, point is Woong cheated and that's the second thing I basically ever heard about him.  That he screwed over a teammate and kicked him off for a bullshit reason and that he cheated at Worlds.  Out of 5 teams looking at the screen, the time that Woong looked at the screen was the  only  time that Riot determined that the team that had looked at the screen had not only gained important information from it, but it was the only time that a team used said information to gain an advantage over the opposing team.  That's basically all I know about him at this point.   Next thing I hear is that he's a part of Quantic.  Basically Quantic thinks they're hot shit from Korea so no way they can lose in the NA LCS.  They come over and don't do their research and end up getting hit by DDoS attacks.  They fail to secure a different location to play from and end up not making it and disintegrate.  I'm not sure if my memory is faulty here but I also seem to remember them being pretty arrogant about the whole ordeal.   Edit: /u/Dooraven says I'm wrong, says the following:   >[Memory faulty here, Woong was announced as part of the original roster but was he didn't really end up playing with them (he played like a couple of games). Quantics roster that played in NA was Apple Gunza Suno Locodoco and Prime.](   End edit   So, that's all I know of Woong.  Almost everything I have ever heard about him has painted him as a huge asshole, and not only an asshole, but a cheating asshole.  I guess he wrote some apology letters but while I remember seeing them and maybe even reading them I don't really remember them swaying my opinion of him at all.
1	As a mid main (one among many  I think it's a false problem for a few reasons :     You never know if you are really the best at your favorite position. Why wouldn't the guy in second place be better than you on mid lane ?     We ain't pros. Or even challengers. We are randoms, we can't just say : " it's my job to play mid ", you have to play all positions. Even if you can't play as good on all of them, but you can't just keep playing with the " mid or i'm so bad i'll feed " mentality.       I'm a low silver noob, slowly carrying myself up. I may main mid, I play every lane, and I can carry from every lane. Learn to play the other lanes, for sure, a support won't carry as much as the others, but have you played with good supports ? The ones that shutdown all ennemy threat, who saves you each teamfight ? Same logic for a good top. Or a good jungler. Or a good ADC.
0	rant>   Here's a problem I had as an English prof: There's really no such thing as a "perfect" citation page. With the myriad sources one can draw from these days, it's just impossible to come up with a standard for all of them. I mean, read the most recent MLA format for web sources. It's literally a list of, like, 15 different (if available) bits, with the only truly necessary one being "Name of Website." Okay, but what do I use as the name of the website? It's not always clear.   I realize that this isn't super difficult for, say, a HS paper, or a 100-200 level college paper because you're probably just referencing a few books and a website or two, but I just published a paper not too long ago. I think I used entries in MLA, APA, and God knows what else just to account for random things. "Here's a French pamphlet on the pragmatic implications of interrogative structures in discourse written in 1907 that I could only find on an obscure section of MIT's web resources, and all I have is author and year of publication..." Yeah, close enough has to be good enough for something like that.   </rant>
0	I just feel as though the dating game is absolutely stacked against good men, like if you have a penis and testicles you're already in an impossible hole dug by every previous man child to have used and abused that woman because SHE didn't have the self respect to value a healthy man and that nothing short of a miracle can give you a chance. OH of course unless you're an absolute piece of shit man child in which case you're worshiped because you're a guilty pleasure.
0	Seriously. This reminds me of a story that happened to me on the train. I am by no ones standards skinny. In fact I am on a diet to get below the obese level, but god dammit I am not fat enough to take two seats. I was sitting in one of the sections that can fit two people. Plenty of other seats on the train. I was kinda sleep, it was a long ride home, so I was kind of spacing out. Next thing I know I see an ass so big she had to walk sideways down the isle, just to stop next to me. Before she plops down she makes a big display of taking out a wet nap and wiping down the seat up to and including the area Under my leg. As in she pushed her hand under my leg at least one inch to make sure she wiped it down. That pissed me off, but was nothing compared to when she sat down and half of her ass was in my lap.   This would make a good petty revenge post but what I did next shocked even me. I normally avoid all sorts of confrontation and stew in my discomforts and miseries. Not today. I don't know if it was the obnoxious wiping of the seat or her large ass but I decided, fuck this lady if I am going to be uncomfortable so was she. Judging from her flowery printed patterns, and judging her age to big 50s, I assumed she wasn't a fan of metal. I too out my iPod, with some nice headphones my sister had gotten, you know the one, really big on the ear and everyone could hear what you are listening to? Well, I chose some slipknot, normally not a huge fan, like a couple songs, but I picked the ever so classy People equals Shit and turned it up to ear shattering and pulled out my phone for reddit. I made sure to browse NSFW and arms length so she could see my screen and looked at some adult themed stuff.   She got up at the next stop and moved to the open seat on the other side of the isle. I turned down my slipknot and smiled.
0	I used to feel that way too. I had problem seeing some steps because they were so intuitive to me that I did them without thought. Then I had a good teacher that showed me  how  that can screw you up. And yeah, it's legit to mark it wrong if you don't show all the steps. Because if your error is in one of those intuitive leaps, you have no way of checking it on paper, and because it was an intuitive leap,  you'll continue making the same error .   So yeah, getting the right answer is only part of the solution. If you don't understand  how  you got the right answer, and can't demonstrate it, then you didn't get it all.
0	My current domicile is also far too big for WiFi to reach my bedroom as well, it sucks when you are practically the only one who uses it, but cannot use it properly due to the fact that the signal isn't very strong on that end of the house due to the access point being on the direct opposite side.
1	To be fair, many jungle routes are incredibly fragile and having a screwed up route is incredibly detrimental to some junglers' early and mid games.   For instance, most of my routes involve starting at blue, then using the mana regen to clear all remaining camps (with a repeat at wraiths) and be at level 4 with both buffs relatively quickly.  Since I'm at level four, I've been able to commit my first three skills to jungling abilities that help me clear faster and my fourth skill can unlock my ganking ability (one that doesn't help me jungle but is crucial for a successful gank, like Amumu's Bandage Toss).   If the experience from even ONE jungle creep gets stolen, I won't hit level 4 after the second wraiths clear and now have to either delay my ganks to get level 4 from another camp or I have to gank without my initiation ability.  If I manage to notice that XP got stolen I'll use my third skill to unlock my ganking ability; since this is before red buff I'm going to end up taking more damage and time to kill red, reducing my ability to jungle/gank.   Even worse, if I somehow manage to lose blue buff as a mana-based jungler, my jungle time will increase exponentially as I have to constantly recall to get enough mana to jungle.  Because I have to take so long to clear camps, I'm going to fall very far behind in levels and gold and will get torn apart by the enemy team (until I've had time to farm and recover, which can sometimes take until mid to late game).  This is probably what happened to that Shaco since his blue buff clear to start the jungle route relies entirely on the creeps staying within range of his boxes.  He can't do enough damage to kill the golem on his own and now has to get help, meaning he either goes without blue or someone misses a lot more xp and gold in lane than before.   Regardless, communication is key.  He should have seen you in position to leash and said something before letting his blue buff get away.
1	I tried to counterpick a lot, which means I got to play a LOT of different champions. Was sitting @ 1200 ELO or so. 2 or 3 weeks ago, I just focused on 2-3 champions, and I just pick them, even if I know I'm just 'counterpicking myself' (picking Lux after a Katarina for example). For ADC, I just pick Caitlyn since she doesn't have a hardcounter.   Now sitting at 1450-1500 ELO, with just 4-5 champions.
0	My girlfriend worked as a cashier at a fast food establishment near the Canadian border. Everyday she worked she had angry Canadians come in trying to pay with Canadian money. A few everyday would get irate and start yelling.   This was near Manitoba for reference.   They became irate because they came down to buy up all our food from grocery stores and other stores using US dollars then run out. They do this every weekend. I worked at a Target and they would clear the whole store out.   They could have used their debit/credit cards but some didn't have any.
1	ITT: Someone who trusted a person in SoloQ and the guy ended up being bad thinking his case is rare and more extreme than the many cases encountered regularly by players everyday and had to make a rage-filled thread about it.
1	It doesn't cost them anything, it just might theoretically prevent them from earning something. But it seems more likely that people end up encouraged to spend some money, when they feel like they are treated right. Or get hooked on the whole IP boost thing, because it accelerates getting runes so much.
1	I don't think you understand the changes. She still gets 40% of missing health by using W2, but she also gets a BASE + 0.3 AP on both procs of the heal (Of course in order to do this, the 1% per 100 AP part was removed). So the heal on W2 was actually buffed. It doesn't require you to be super-low on health for it to be effective anymore and the overall amount is higher.   The REAL nerfs are:   -The damage redistribution on Q2. Now it doesn't deal any extra damage on impact, and all the extra damage was moved to the delayed explosion. This is a dramatic nerf to her reliability and her damage output.   -The extra damage on W2 was completely removed, meaning it's now only a viable Mantra choice if you need the self-heal. This change in particular, especially if you consider that her heal was buffed, makes her an annoying self-sustaining machine (who can't deal any damage). Isn't that something Riot hates?   -The ratios on E2 were gutted, the damage component of the shield is so useless and neglectable at this point that I don't even know why they kept it. Now if you decide to Mantra this in a teamfight, it means you won't contribute to the damage.
1	People who excessively report have no gravitas in the system. A report from someone who RARELY reports has significantly increased weight than someone who spams reports every game. If they spam reports, the reports won't truly count towards a person getting sent to the tribunal.
0	Grew up with a girl, we were best friends, she was an only child, she treated my brother and I like siblings and for all intents and purposes we were. Never sorted my feelings for her well, though I was attracted to her deeply and we often spent a lot of time together, just alone, not even talking just being with each other. Was strange, but we were like each others security blankets.   I did confess to her once, after much struggle. She said she didn't feel the same way, and that was fine, just having got that off my chest was enough. We remained good friends still though, neither of us really bringing it up until...   I remember one night though when she was still in high school, her best friend from HS was a year older than her and had gone of to college and they had a falling out one night. I was going to go visit a friend, but I didn't have a car at the time so she drove me. She started crying on the way there. She stopped the car and begged me to "just be my friend tonight, stay with me tonight" but I was too much of a pussy to cancel on my friend (and honestly what she was saying didn't register at all, I wasn't even thinking of her that way anymore really). She dropped me off at my friends and left crying, I asked if she really wanted me to come with and she said "no, not anymore" and she drove off.   After that she started to pull some bum moves on me... A lot of canceled at the last moment plans, not getting back to me when we would make plans (that is one of my biggest pet peeves, when someone says "ok lets do something tonight" and then you try and sort it out and get nothing back, way to ruin an evening). One night we were texting back and forth and she said something along the lines of "lets make plans" and I jokingly texted back "oh yea? are you really going to actually go through with them?" and her response out of the blue was "I'm not in love with you, quit acting like we are something, we aren't". I was stunned, again, out of the blue... I had no idea what to make of it... I told her to fuck off and we didn't speak again for a while. A year or so later she pulled the same thing, this time saying "I have a boyfriend, I'm not interested in you" when I got angry that she had said she wanted to go to a movie that night and would give me a call later (when I tried getting in contact with her she ignored me). I realized at this point that what had obviously not be an issue up to this point was now being used by her as ammo when I called her out on being a shitty friend. I don't know if it was blowback from the night she begged me to stay with her, but I know our friendship went downhill after that.   We talked less and less, I was working full time, she was in university in another city. We met one evening and watched a movie in 2008, she left into the night and we both said we'd talk later. That was the last time we ever spoke to each other. We didn't end on bad terms, we just stopped being friends.   I rarely think about her these days, really only when my family asks how she is (thinking we still talk, though that stopped after she went to lunch with my father a couple years back). The only thing that sucks though is the dreams, they don't come often, but when they do they are thick and vivid and the nostalgia of my childhood and her friendship from back then is suffocating. I have been depressed for an entire day after having those dreams sometimes...   Oh well. In the end I just remember the shit she pulled, and realized we were both not very nice to each other at the end, and well thats that. No use crying over spilt milk.
0	Before I get jumped for this, let me explain my reasoning. The movie had zero character development whatsoever, no character depth at all, the plot and plot pacing were awful.   Don't say that it's a Disney/kid movie so it does not matter because look at any of the Disney renaissance movies, or even more recently Wreck-It Ralph and Tangled. They all had a good plot, great and distinct characters that grew and developed over the course of the movie, and some of the best original songs (mostly the Disney renaissance films).   [Note: I am specifically speaking about Walt Disney Animation Studios](   Frozen on the other hand had none of that except for Olaf being a good character because who needed no depth nor development seeing how he's just there for comic relief and only two songs were really good, the rest were just meh.   Speaking of the songs there was a new song about every 10 minutes or less for the first half/two-thirds of the movie and then all singing just stopped which made for awful pacing of the movie and major plot points would be made in the course of the songs with no real follow up, for example the song "Do you want to build a Snowman".   I would explain more but I do not dare without the use of spoiler tags.
1	Don't be ridiculous, these warnings are automated and detect a sudden spike in reports. These reports don't even necessarily lead to a tribunal case. His teammates were probably just asshats and decided that he should get 3-4 reports that game, and that triggered the warning.
1	No you fools... Don't you see? You can buy RP its the only way you can support the game, and if they make everything easy accecible to everyone why would anyone buy RP?! And then they would have to make the game pay to play
1	People dont even know what trolls means.   It is troll to fking base to get full items eh..no? Its not wise(bot in 99% of the game sit doesnt matter) but troll? gosh.. And ofc is NB salty.   You guys shouldnt act that someone os either a torll or the other salty, it can be two at once,you know?   But hey,to clarify: Would you report someone because he based to get full items instead of finishing? Would you do it because you believ eits "the right thing" or because youre salty that you lost,because someone didnt wanted to finisbh? Yeah right.
0	Well, beenhazed. I think it's time for us to leave Reddit. You are being downvoted, and below you, and I fucking quote:   "and I'm not even that tall. Maybe it makes it easier for them to cross under the fence?"   Is being upvoted. Dear god.   But in all honesty  if you came to Reddit like me because the internet is full of bigoted immature assholes, I think it's time we start to accept the fact they found Reddit and start looking for the signal to leave. Sorry, but this is the circle of life. It's a shame, I actually liked this forum this time. I NEVER thought it would come to this. Never. I thought Reddit would be different :( In a matter of months we will be a 4chan clone. Horrible grammar, 0 world opinion, faggot and nigger the highest used words. Posts all go from space and science to naked teen girls and gore. Community effort where everyone comes together will go from donating to others, to prank calling people asking for battletoads.  Entire collective intelligence quotient drops nearly 100 points, Every. single. word. has it's suffix changed to "fag". A Utopian paradise filled with enough bigotry, misogynistism, and ignorance for everyone!
1	I don't think anything you've said has persuaded me that the 1 child policy was a bad system. If it wasn't for that system the over population would be even worse than now and it's the one reason the country can even function without getting destroyed by every passing famine. The problems that you are talking about stems from the eastern mentality of gender inequality, thus has no relevance to the system it self apart from the effects of it. So rather than saying a necessary system to bring population under control is "hideous" because the alternative could've been even worse than the effects of gender inequality (if instead of 200 million women get aborted or raped because of the gender disparity, 500 million die over the years because of famine, which is technically the better scenario?). So
0	It's funny, over the last couple of years I've gotten into various styles of BBQ.  I smoked some beef ribs a few weeks ago, and had someone tell me the only way to eat beef is rare.   I laughed a little, then served him a rare rib.  Shockingly, he did not enjoy it.   This idea of cook time depends  entirely  on the cut.  A super lean filet?  Yeah, just toast the outside and leave the inside bloody.  A fatty marbled monster just needs more heat and more time to break down.
0	n. THE GUN WENT OFF! I heard a loud bang. I was surprised, scared, and confused all at once. Wa ... was I the one who got shot? But how, the gun was empty? After a moment of shock I came to find the killer laying on the ground with a bullet hole right between his eyes. I was amazed I could have sworn the gun was empty, how can this be? I took back out the magazine to see if it really was loaded and somehow missed it at first glace but no, they clip was completely empty. I checked the chamber to see if there was another round in it but it was empty as well. I began to think even if there was somehow a single bullet in the chamber that I didn't check before hand what are the chances of landing a near perfect shoot on the man while fighting over the gun. To this day I have no idea how this situation happened and don't think of it as anything less than a miracle knowing I should be dead. This happened to me a little longer than seven years ago and not a day goes by that I don't think about it. >
0	This. I never understood why people go to the bank and get paid with hundos, then come to walmart/McDonald's/taco bell and expect them to break down your paycheck. Where the fuck do you think their change comes from? It comes from the bank. Maybe even the same bank you got your monies from.   I even had a manager one time at McDonald's tell me about a time when he went to Wendy's when they first opened up and paid with a Benjamin. When they refused it because they didn't have the change, he bitched at a manager because "I know you can just open the safe..." and blah blah. Totally called him out on his stupidity, finally changed his POV.   Yea, maybe they have change in the safe. But places like McDonald's and Taco Bell don't keep 20's, some don't even keep 10's.  They deposit them all, usually after closing the night before. So now they have to give you change in 10's or 5's. This take time away from preparing your order, taking care of other customers, or even doing side work that they have to do. And they may potentially run out of 10's or 5's, depending on how often this happens in a day.   I've been on both sides of the drive thru. Don't give me a pissed off look when I don't take your 100, and don't complain when I give you a pissed off look when I'm required to and have to find an already grumpy manager to break it for you.
1	Plat 2 is fucked, I was in my promo to plat 1 yesterday, and here's a summary of the three games in my series.   Game 1: diamond 5 player who stated he didn't care and was playing to fuck around. He was last pick. Someone on my team picked riven. Last pick decides to curse this guy out and says he's going top or feeding. After asking him to play something different and telling him I'll play whatever he doesn't, he instalocks singed and goes top anyway leaving the ADC bot solo. Luckily the first guy that picked top carried and the singed went like 0/6.   Game 2: Renekton smashes top, I keep mid under control as nasus jungle. Bot lane gets obliterated because they pushed without wards. Enemy jungle was never down there, he was trying to get top back in it. Renekton and I say we should group, bot and mid get caught about 4 times, leading to giving the enemy team free baron and towers. We group once and roll them, taking an inhib and two nexus towers. Bot continues to get caught and we eventually lose because of their refusal to group.   Game 3: complete clusterfuck. Me and corki bot go 3/0. Top by this point was 0/7, mid was 0/6, jungle was 0/3. They sent 5 bot for our only two deaths. Top and mid quit and they won in 16m.
0	we just have such a large gap between well educated and uneducated. I mean I went to catholic school and I am an mechanical engineer in college now with hopes to join an privately funded project that will colonize the moon. I know tons of people who surpass the average test score, but then there are just so many who fall below.
0	I'm a recovering heroin addict and I've lost alot of friends to overdoses. It's sad when someone you care about dies. I didn't watch Glee, I didn't even know who this guy was until he died. But he had friends and family that loved him. I feel bad for them. Also I feel like if they make these deaths more mainstream then maybe it will deter one kid from trying dope or whatever.
1	Best thing you can do is to bait out his speed boost.  There's a little squeal that he lets out when the speed boost is done.  That's when you hit him with your glue -- just a little past him so he has to run through it to get away from you.  Hit ult and rush him.  If you land a fling, at least one AA, and poison, you're almost certain to have won the trade.  If he sticks around at that point, it's bad times for Teemo.   Try to hit his shrooms while you're in your ult and nowhere near him.  You can clear paths for your jungle to gank this way.   Go back to base pretty often.  Stay on top of your items, and your health.  That q/auto combo he can do is disconcertingly painful.   Now, you'll know he's a good Teemo if he never lets you catch him close to you when his speed boost just went on cd.  Even more so, you'll know it when he takes every single opportunity to hit you with aa's or his q/aa combo.  He's got to do that or you can sustain well enough to farm.
0	You are correct, those are the exception.   Often times software companies have walkthroughs with clients (or potential clients). People that spend big money, generally dress well, and thus develop a mutual respect for other people that share their values of dressing well.
1	this is just a "hey lets bitch about a counter post", if you like soraka so much dont play her into blitz/ get mad when someone picks it if you pick soraka im doing 2 things... picking blits/ leona and bringing ignite
1	So the thing is, these posts saying:  "I just got reported for x by teammates, riot needs to do something" are completely unnecessary. The thing is, and I'm saying it straight, a report is a report. A report is not a chat restriction. It is not a warning. It isn't a ban, suspension, etc. It doesn't give you a special icon for getting reported, nor does it signal enemies or allies in any way.   It is just a report. If you aren't actively getting reported in multiple games, you won't have any negative impacts. I've had games where I've afked, fed, flamed, abused, spammed, etc. I guarantee I got reports for these games, but I have never faced any consequences. The reason why: I do that stuff in about 1-2% of my total games. Now I'm not advising to be toxic in moderation to avoid bans. Everyone has off days, games, plays, etc. It happens. As long as it doesn't before a habit, you should be fine.
0	People tell me I have great ambition.   Really I just think science is awesome and that things like living on the moon would be cool. It occurred to me that no-one is making any effort in that direction. I realised they need money. So I went about finding out how to make money. Found the most rewarding way for me to do that is set up a successful games company, which fortunately is cool and interesting anyway (and fuck yes it's already what I'm trained for as a day job). Currently waiting on a guy who knows some of the right people to get a pitch together so I can start something with potential for growth. All this because science is awesome and I want to contribute money to things like getting people to live on the moon. Plus I get to learn things!
0	I actually am glad I read this thread.. I made a post on /r/vent about feeling so much guilt for using my moms money.. I've gotten a job right when I turned legal age, and my mom still insists on me using the money I earn on myself and not giving it back to her. Not to mention my dad is deadbeat and it's my mom supporting my brother and I's college loans. While I haven't lived in much of a rough financial situation as some of the people ITT, I am forever grateful to my mom for living such a comfortable life.
0	Although I agree with you that most white people are annoying when they do this because they're only seeking attention, however; you must also understand that this is not only acceptable, but also good manners in some Asian (especially Japanese) cultures. To eat your food quietly is...rude.   I was born white, my parents are white, I was even raised white, plus I was around when beating your kids was good discipline, so the whole eating quietly was quickly ingrained into my character, but one thing I am not, however, is insensitive to other cultures, so, when I moved to Hawaii, and its crazy multicultural-but-slightly-asian-dominated lifestyle, It was a shock to see and hear so many loud eaters here. After venturing it myself a few times, and not so much as getting anyone's attention, let alone horrible ice daggers stink eye, It became my guilty pleasure.  Food is much more enjoyable when you eat it naturally without rules, granted, I still eat quietly amongst other white conservative republicans, but when I'm amongst friends or even  white  conservative Japanese people...brah, I don't hold back.
1	Sion has fast clears, and good roaming, but he doesn't scale well into late game. His shield can be burst in a team fight, causing a massive loss of damage.   Sion cooldowns and ratios: 8s (+.9) 12+s (+.9) (if not bursted in 4 seconds)   Compare with other popular mids (some estimation involved):   Mordekaiser: 4s (+.4) 12s (+1.2) 6s (+.6)   Cassiopeia 3s (+.8) 9s (+.15 to +1.35) .5s (+.55)   TF 6s (+.65) 6s (+.4) ~4s (+.4)   Ahri 7s (+.66) 5s (+.38) 12s (+.35)   Karthus 1s (+.3) 1s (+.25)(not effected by cdr)   Anivia 8s (+1) 5s (+1) 1s (+.25)(not effected by cdr)   Ryze Trolololcombo of: QWEQQ 4.4s (+1.55)(+27.5% max mana) (assuming 40% cdr)   Every one has shorter cooldowns, and comparable burst.
1	As an ADC main, i feel a lot of people are here are just throwing out an opinion with hardly any experience in the role. Now don't get me wrong, im just a lowly silver 3, but that doesn't mean the opinion is invalid. My biggest concern now is that the ADC's role and lane presence mid game is too heavily reduced. Now that BT is completely invalid, bot lane altercations are far too one-sided. ADC's have almost lost the ability to try trading in lane without expecting to get all-inned, or all-inning themselves. Previously, you would see ADC's going at it all game, losing health here, healing up there, and continuing to fight each other in an extended altercation. Now, there's almost no chance of standing back and healing after a trade: the way the BoRK works completely benefits all-ins. In lower ELO, i've noticed that this leads to fewer extended, skill based trades, and more all-ins where the only thing that matters is the numbers behind your build and whoever can click and mash buttons faster.
1	So... you want tutorials to learn how to ward and use trinkets, have you thought about the fact that there are millions of players who did not have a tutorial to learn such things? We all practiced and got it to certain level of understanding, like every other game... you learn and improve by practicing and picking up things done by your team mates/players you play with. There's no need for tutorials, just play and learn.
0	I had a similar story with a neighbour. There were two cats in cages in front of my building's door. I let them there but checked after 1 hour if they were still there. It was late and getting really cold (freezing) so I took them inside of my appartement and noticed a note on one of the cages "to Mr. X". I then rang at the door of Mr. X, no answer, I leave a note on his door to say that his cats are at my place. I search him on the web and find his facebook profile so I send him a message. The night passes and the cats sleep at my place (they were pretty scared and it took more than one hour for them to leave the cage.)  I had no cat at the time so I gave them tuna and hoped that they would stay clean as long as possible. The next day he knocks at my door angrily "WHY DO YOU HAVE MY CATS!". Apparently he splitted up with his girlfriend and she left the cats in front of his door without telling him. And he was mad at me for taking care of them...
0	I shouldn't of implied that you only wanted to look good for men, I meant you want to look good in the eyes of other people. Men and women.   Interview? You're trying to impress the interviewer.   To impress people; that's why make up was invented, that's why it's worn.   And I didn't say women need "A" man...but they do need men (yes we're obviously not talking about lesbians here, don't think it's necessary we clarify that but ok).   I definitely don't need "A" woman (yet anyway), but I DEFINITELY need women. And ANYTHING I do, to look better, boils down to being for women.   The most basic function of life is reproduction. Our minds play biological tricks on us all the time to try and get us to make more people. It let's us believe we're doing something for our own personal reasons, but in reality we're not calling the shots, our subconscious is. Life is so much more interesting once you just accept that.   Do some research on the topic if you think I'm full of shit.
0	What i don't get about feminism is that everything a feminist claim they want equality for woman in the workplace, fair treatment ect is being mixed up with things that have nothing to do with being a girl and everything to do with being a human.   For example girls complaining about the media pressuring them to look pretty blah blah blah are forgetting that guys get pressured the same way, that's just corporate marketing there is no gender bais lol. If a girl goes to a job interview and is a feminist, let's say the interviewer was an old man and the interview was super awkward the interview didn't seem to be postive ect, she is more then likely to say that situation happened because she's a girl and she's not being treated fairly when that shit happened because she's a human being and maybe inadequate for the job. It's because of people like this that the image of feminism is pretty much ruined, they take normal everyday problems and victimize themselves. It's a shame too because there are some real problems for woman. but that's mostly in 3rd world countries i.e something the majority of american feminist who just victimize themselves don't seem to give a shit about. Feminism seems to be more of an exuse then anything, the CEO of yahoo is a girl worth about 300million+ dollars the "glass ceiling," might exist, but it's more of a problem in certain industries or corporations with management ladders made of mostly men, and lets face it in companies were management is composed of mostly women men face the exact same problem.
1	Personally, I would rather see some sort of change in draft to fix the assumption people make that last pick, instead of being used as a powerful slot for counter picking a solo lane, must be forced into support due to their lower elo than other players in the draft.   I think it would be refreshing if the pick order were randomized assuming all the players are within 100-150 elo of each other. This way, people will stop feeling entitled to a solo lane if they're first pick and not feel locked into a support role if they're last pick. It would make communication and discussion about counters and strategic picks more prevalent.
1	Gonna take a shot here,   I assume its because in general, Jayce will stay withing his canon stance. When I think about it, Xin will likely JUST ABOUT proc all three of three talon strike within the time for me to go back into hammer stance and disengage. However, I do not use shock blast through acceleration gate in canon or to the skies from hammer to help me out trade him since it would force me back into his range or delay the disengage enough for him to proc all three of three talon strike, he then just sustains back my damage with his auto's to heal from the measly early level damage of E on hammer stance while I have to hope I can poke him with Shock blast through acceleration gate while his engage is down. Therefor, I should lose every trade he engages on assuming minions are on equal terms.   To win head on trades, Jax needs to stun Jayce with E, however, the spell has a small delay which gives Jayce time to react by  placing down acceleration gate then change into hammer stance to move out of range or just E Jax away if he immediately jumps Jayce. Jax also has no sustain to handle Jayce's harass.   However, Xin has sustain and his slow is immediate leaving Jayce with only one option, which is to do what i stated above, thus loosing trades.
0	First of all I don't really care about racism one way or another, I was just posting because this entire thread was full of racism or stereotypes, either way if you say black people can't swim and always disregard the rules its racist, and then this post was defending black people in regards to being shitty public pool users because it's all poor people not just blacks who suck at using public pools and defended the racism that is being exerted throughout this entire post.  But then they basically said that they would take poor black people over poor white people as long as the blacks weren't gangbangers, whites can be gangbangers, latinos can also.  In fact where I live it's cambodians who most likely resemble gangbangers.
0	Yeah this is pretty much spot-on. This is anecdotal evidence, but I'll bring it up anyway:   In college I was in great shape and weighed 170 pounds with a lot of muscle. I had no problem finding girls, and had a couple of girlfriends that were hot.   Two years out from college I had put on nearly 30 pounds, and I couldn't find a cute girl to save my life. My personality/confidence hadn't changed at all... in fact I was pretty oblivious to the fact I had gained weight due to the fact I didn't have a scale or even a full-length mirror. But I was ABSOLUTELY doing way poorer in the dating arena.   After figuring out what a slob I've become, I've been in the process of losing the weight and I've lost 20 pounds. Suddenly, girls are interested in me again.
0	Depending on what kind of "emoji" you mean, there are two big reasons: A new standard would have to be put in place for all phones, which would make older phones obsolete and outdated, and all text messages would have to be handled differently.   But first, a little background.   1) Assuming you mean the iPhone or Android emoji, it's because they are a special kind of character. It's kind of like adding more letters to the alphabet, except they are faces (or whatever else the emoji keyboard adds - I haven't used an emoji keyboard in 3+ years). So your phone "alphabet" (for lack of a better word) might contain 100 characters (A-Z, plus all the faces and symbols that the emoticon-keyboard adds). If you get a message that contains that special character, it knows that, "Hey, this is actually a heart, not just some mistake". However, an older phone/phone without emoticons might not know what that character is and replace it with a hollow rectangle.   2) Assuming you mean just typing ":)" and it turns into a face, that's just depending on the app/text viewer you are using. Older phones will read that as is, and most newer android devices will actually translate that into an actual face (I'm current using Android 4.1. I'm not sure if older versions use this or not - if someone could confirm, that would be great).   3) Bold, italics, and underline are all HTML [DOMs][1] that are translated by your browser, or whatever client you may be using to view a webpage (henceforth referred to as browser), to change the attributes of text.   So, lets say you have the text " Italicized text ". You see it as text that is italicized, but how does your browser know the text is supposed to be italicized? Well, the actual HTML code probably looks something like this:   &lt;i&gt;Italicized text&lt;/i&gt;    *For those of you who know actual web development, yes I know you can use CSS and wouldn't need to use the tag to italicized text; this was just for the sake of example.   Now, why can't most texts have bold/italics/underlined text? There really isn't a reason, and technically speaking, this could already be in place. But it would require either a new standard of texting to be put in place (i.e. one that supports either HTML DOM or something new), or just use a special app for texting that can properly translate messages to do so.
1	Depressed  at how many people" FTFY :p   Gj on the video though, the only thing I would say is that the beginning/ intro sounded way too scripted and you used the word "senses" way too much. Once it's understood that we are talking about senses you should just say "they". Ie: at one part of the video you said something like "there are many factors that can influence your senses, things like hearing aids and contacts can improve your senses, and burns and loud noises can deteriorate your senses." The sentence would flow better if after you introduced the topic of senses you just used they. Ie "There are many factors that can influence your senses, things like hearing aids and contacts can improve your them, and burns and loud noises can deteriorate them."   Just giving some friendly advice! Sorry if that came off as pretentious D:
1	So I haven't really played the game in about 3 or 4 months and I've come back to it and it's really just... jarring. I feel like everything is completely different and a lot of champion choices and game decisions over the past few patches from what I've read up on make no sense. My normal favorite to play champs of Riven, Akali, and Rumble... none of them seem particularly good anymore, as I get run over by pretty much any champion in lane.   Basically... has anyone ever been in this situation where you've come back from a long break? What's the best way to get back into it? What are strong champion picks right now for Top/Mid so perhaps I can get used to something stable before going back to what I know.   I've never felt more lost in a game before and I have no idea how to really dive back into this game. I love League but having to feed every game and be completely in the dark about everything just...sucks. Dunno what else to do really...
0	Last semester I was walking back to my dorm from a bar and a cop stopped and asked me where I was headed, how old I am, (I'm 19) and if I had anything to drink that night. I answered him honestly and he gave me a ride back! No charges, harassment, or anything.
1	While I was jungling, our team noticed the enemy team was clearing minions at base due to a downed inhib. Someone pinged baron, and in team chat I stated that my flash was down (used it to steal our blue from the enemy gragas).   Well, my team started it anyway and as we whittled it down to about 1300 health, the enemy udyr (jungle) waltzed right up to baron and proceeded to smite steal it. Someone on my team kept attacking baron while the rest of us proceeded to kill udyr, bringing it low enough for him to smite it and grant his team baron buff.   The sona mid (yeah) on my team proceeded to call me out and ask me if I knew how to smite. Luckily, my team wasn't stupid and pointed out that I had warned them that my smite was down.
0	Delivery driver here. I usually get 3-5 dollar tips (plus 3 that I tack on to make sure I don't get shafted, mom & pop restaurant) but about 1/10th of my deliveries are black (I live near Tulsa in a very white/right wing area, so I'm actually surrounded by some of the biggest racists in the world) and out of all of those, the highest tip I've received in a year of deliveries is one fucking dollar.
0	I don't know if you intended this or not, but corn flakes were invented by Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.  Kellogg was the medical director at the Battle Creek Sanitarium, where he basically claimed that all that ails you comes down to either "self-abuse" (masturbation) or poor colon health.  So, corn flakes (and flaked cereals in general) were invented by him with the goal of not exciting the taste buds, for fear that exciting flavors would arouse sexual feelings.  Kellogg, who also led this abstinent lifestyle, claimed proudly and publicly that despite being married for 41 years never once had sex with his wife.
1	Fact is, there are 2 games : before Gold II and after. I was placed at Silver III when S3 started, can't say i failed my matches i just got owned, deserved it. Then started thinking what low elo players can't play against ... splitpushing. There we go, i play mainly toplane and lucky I was, could play a fair decent Nidalee/Singed. I think i carried a game as 0/12 with Nidalee, something like that : i only built tankyness, some MS, kept up in farm and started pushing like hell. They mostly don't react until i start hitting their inhib, then i tell my team to push bottom and force them to come as 2 or 3 to stop me (and yes, most of them flash when u bounce through a wall as nidalee, even if they're not gonna kill me). This worked until Gold II (i went from silver IV to Gold II without losing any single match, no kidding). At Gold II, they reacted : early ganks from junglers to shut me down really badly (and that hurts as Singed/Nidalee, a lot). I then started playing chars i loved and played even better like Riven, Renekton, Lee Sin (before he got nerfed) and went to plat V, where i'm kinda stuck untill i get to play actual FOTM Toplaners better.
1	Well, just too bad that most people, especially at lower Elos are trash. The picking order takes highest to lowest Elo into account, so let's say you are the second pick with 1400 Elo, and the last pick often is <1250 because he duo'd with his 1500 Elo friend who is first pick. If you are lucky, they go bot and last pick picks support. Too bad that most of the time he still wants mid or top, which, unfortunately, is picked by the enemy first pick with ~300 Elo more. GG you just have a small chance of a positive outcome for this game now.   Also, in Solo Q it's really stupid to trust your teammates, any high rated player will tell you this. So either duo this shit up homeboy, or be a selfish fuck and play vs. everyone, even the 4 peasants in your team. Pick your preferred role (never support), steal their buffs, kills, cs, everything and mute those goddamn mules, for they have nothing worthwhile to say.
0	Uhh there was a dead body?   Seriously man, put yourself in Trayvon's shoes, or put yourself in Trayvon's parents' shoes. What if I shot you or your child tonight, but I told the police I acted in self defense so they let me go within the hour? Are you ok with that? If I murdered your child, would an hour of questioning with MY cop buddies be enough to satisfy your desire for justice? I doubt it. And you're fucking full of shit if you say you're OK with it. Even if George got his ass kicked by a big child, doesn't the jury need to know that Trayvon wasn't the one acting in self defense? You are either extremely racist or extremely ignorant of the justice system.   Well, which is it?
1	I just watched you play Kennen top and Esrael mid. What I did enjoy was your mechanical skills in fights. But what I did not enjoy is that most of your talking mostly venting your frustrations of what happens in the game. Ryze ganked your Kennen top and killed you. You go "#"%"&&"#". I go "he just went shopping and did not buy a ward...". Later your minions push to the top tower and go beyond it to farm  creeps. I go "How can he dare to do that when their team is missing and there is no vision at all?" Their entire team show up and kill you. And you go "%$#$%##%". Maybe you had good reasons to play like this or maybe it was just bad play? Hard to tell when your commentary is just random whining any player could provide.   Since you crushed the lane anyways you won the game, but to me these games sort of just conveyed the feeling "I play on my smurf so my mechanical skills is good enough to compensate I do not play that seriously". I saw zero team play in these games (maybe not your fault) and this is what I want to see. I once watch Saintvicious play a smurf with a crappy team and he started calling out every action of the team because he was carrying. Suddenly as a team they started to win every fight and finally won a long game which early on looked hopeless. That is the kind of stuff I would like to see.
1	I used to main Mid, mainly assassins on my climb from 1-30, I liked the burst potential of those champions, my favorite being Talon, and idk why but I transitioned the love of burst to AD casters with a burst potential like Graves and i slowly started to play other ADC, loving the role. After playing multiple ADC games i played about 100 support games on multiple supports to see what the other side of bot lane feels like and what supports I would prefer to support me, then went back to ADC knowing the limits of supports and how aggressive I can be with them.
0	Why not? Because famous people should be able to afford it? A famous person could have $5 million in the bank, house paid, nice vacations, college funds, nice cars, etc. etc. But, does that mean they can finance a $7 million film? I mean, they could sell off their house and cars, and live off beans for the next few years, but that wouldn't be a very smart move.   Maybe they're investing $3 million ($2million kept buffer for living expenses, possibly a buffer incase the film needs more money down the line that it usually does), and get the other $4 million from their fans that without, the movie would never see the light of day.   But they could just go to studios and have connections and stuff! Yeah, right, and then they would be making the STUDIOS film, IF they agree to buy it, that being famous helps, but doesn't necessarily lock deals. With the fans funding the film, they could make the film the FANS want.   And remember, it is NOT taking money from other projects. Kickstarter does NOT bring you people, maybe some, but the majority is through your own marketing, through people THEY are bringing.
0	Last summer I was making some salsa using a few habaneros, some cilantro, lime, onion, ect. ect. Standard salsa stuff. Diced everything, made sure it got all happy, but saved the habanero for last.   Being the a chubby guy cooking in a fairly warm kitchen during the summer, I was sweating a bit. Not a ton, but enough to annoy me. I powered through it, diced the habaneros, and then went temporarily stupid and wiped my eyes and forehead.   And then proceded to weep like a child for the next 20 minutes as every inch of my face filled with this searing pain- it literally felt like Satan was siting on my face. NOT FUN.
1	While I love wards so much(I was one of the support mains before s4 where I would get my gp items and then basically only cdr, ward stacks, and oracles), sightstone isn't 100% necessary as a rush some of the time(although 100% necessary as a core, no exception).   While I will always pick up wards along with it, and won't pick them up if I don't have money for wards, I often opt into damage items if we(either my team or my lane) are about to hit a powerspike.   Ex: I run my Morg support with normal 0 9 21, but with a 14 magic pen armor, health, and mr rune page. If I have the money for items such as doran's rings, amp tomes, sorc shoes(huge early power spike, 29 magic pen hurts), or even need rod(bit of a stretch) along with potions and wards, i'll opt for this over a sightstone. I do this when we are about to hit a powerspike such as lvl 6, or if my team has early dragon fight champions.
0	DO NOT listen to it on Grooveshark. You know how much the band is seeing of that play? $0.00. If you aren't gonna buy, at least listen on YouTube. Better yet, subscribe to a streaming service. I use Deezer, it's $10 a month, but it's unlimitted plays in 320kbps and you can download as much as you want to your phone for offline use.
1	Good point, and I don't even remotely know the whole story but didn't she play a game on Lee sin which he disapproved of so he posted nude pictures of her on Facebook?   Kind of shitty to point and laugh but the guy did bring his drama out in the public. Not saying anybody is in the right here nor do I have any idea why his life is ever linked online but it seems to come up so it should be known that everybody involved seems like they were being shitty people.   So claiming that he'd never go out of his way to hurt someone by hanging out with somebody they dislike seems quite hypocritical when he's done far worse.   Some people are just digging their own holes.
1	Mine is Riven. Right now i'm begging riot to take off the summoner name ''Riven Bot'' She is just so much fun and can turn games around when shes fed. As soon as i bought her i fell in love after 3 games. Didn't get the chance for championship riven sadly :(. When you master a champion it's the most satisfying thing you ever feel. Knowing every limit you can reach.
1	It's not just watching the minimap, it's more then that. i have only recently learnt to do this and i realise the big difference it makes, people just aren't experienced enough in the game to be constantly checking it the minimap. I sometimes find myself forgetting to check it when i'm focused on laning or trying to do something, the more i play the better i get at looking at it, it isn't as easy as just going "better look at the minimap". Just like how some players still play with camera locked, it takes time and practice to adjust to how the game works, they eventually get there if they're looking to improve their game.
1	I play mostly 3s because my pc sucks and I dont wanna spend 5 minutes loading the 5v5 map, so I am talking from a 3s casual perspective.   But with master yi it is fairly common to have 2 in a game. He has been picked (at least once) in just about every game I've played this week, as opposed to, say, zyra or brand, whom I have seen maybe 5 times between the 2 (that might just be a 3s thing though).   He is just bullshit frustrating to play against because you have to root/stun with his ult active and it is not easy to do that when he is untargetable so often.
0	I teach GED to a vast array of young adults. We have just about every race in our student body. The race of the student matters far less than whether they were raised in (my term) ghetto culture. The entitled attitude, the resistance to education and authority, the lack of ethics and morals and the desire to take advantage of society and others is present in students of every race. Conversely, a grateful attitude and a desire to be respectable and educated is also easy to find in students of every race. How you're raised matters a whole lot more than your complexion.
1	I dont get it, why cant riot just make khazix the way he were at the beginning? before all the nerfs, when you could midair w, and when w applied his passive. that was a good state for him, you couldnt just go in oneshot everyone adn get out, you had to wait for the right moment, go in, execute with q(that wasnt as powerfull back then), get our with a reset and do it again. If Riot nerfs him like this he will become useless and disapear from play, like urgot. After they nerfed his w and buffed his q he has been broken as shit, but now he will be garbage.
0	Pink flair and BC awareness is perfectly justified for several reasons I believe but here's the one with the most weight:   Self checks.   Someone can check themselves for the first signs of breast cancer easily and quickly. It's much harder to haphazardly self check for other forms of cancer which are mostly well hidden or just plain hard to identify such as skin cancers.   A common argument I've heard is that prostate cancer is significantly more prevalent and deserves just as much attention. True it is more prevalent, but it's not like a lot of men will give themselves prostate exams so the awareness isn't as helpful. An exam is almost always suggested by a physician in a regular checkup, whereas a breast lump would be the purpose of visiting a physician.
1	I didn't like the disrespect at the end of the second game. I am happy that EU gets a point, but, seriously, I feel ashamed for that behaviour.   But well, then we ask ourself why our community is so toxic. This is an official event, with pro players and they only lacked to say "gg easy".   And for those who say "It just a joke, dude". No. It isn't. You are in a foreign country, in front of thousand of people and with a lot of pressure in your shoulders, for you are "defending" your region's pride. The last thing one person with sportmanship spirit would do is to continue to humillate the already defeated enemy.   Dignitas was already defeated, without chance to defend themselves in that situation. Only people with a total lack of sportmanship would have done that.   As an european I feel ashamed that this is the image we address to the world.
1	Alright, this won't be as elaborate as my comment on a previous video, but there's truthfully less to discuss.   In your final clip, your team completely threw the fight. The fear on graves instead of kat (the noct should have realized that in the middle of their team he couldn't possibly connect for the kill, and denying kat from starting her ult, or possibly cancelling the channel if she doesn't notice the tether, might have been enough for him to live... maybe). Thresh is really responsible, though it was lack of vision and an adc bait that got him there, so who can say; if he had moved towards the enemy team and ulted (to engage on your team's terms and to stop them from getting into position on the backline of you and nid), you may have won.   Anyways, your first and second clip have the same issue; you stutter step (orbwalk for the DotA inclined)  towards  your target (graves) instead of away. At level 1 you have a tiny range advantage on graves, and at at level 5 the advantage is even larger. The attack on Graves was not a mistake; you had 2v1 dps, and even when Taric arrived he would have only 1 stun and melee damage. Quite simply, you lost that fight because you attempted to stay ahead of where Graves would go to retreat. But why? To kill him at level 1 you would have to trade flashes at least, a deadly proposition at level 1 with a Taric support (W reset maybe, but Tristana mechanics ensure she'd take another hit from tower if she started casting rocket jump under it). No, flashing after him would have been impossibly greedy. But you could have popped his flash easily without moving ahead a single step; he had to back away, and if you had more range on Taric/Graves before the stun, you would have taken less damage while stunned and they could not possibly have chased into your+Thresh's superior ranged damage (not to mention stalling for Thresh hook CD, which would have been up literally 4 seconds after he ended up dying). In the second clip you try to damage Graves with Rocket Jump, but take Taric melee damage. Why not rocket jump 'up' from Graves; force Taric to chase you, give Thresh a chance to peel for you (though I know you know you could have just switched to Taric and avoided any death potential).   That ran long,
0	I find self checkout frustrating in an entirely different way than assisted checkout.   I think it has to do with the fact that I understand how self checkout works. It irritates me that it takes the people ahead of me 5 minutes to checkout themselves (in my head I'm screaming "don't put anything in bagging area unless you've scanned it, dummy!"), yet it only takes me about one minute to check all of my items, bag, and pay.
0	If you read the owners manuals of certain vehicles of certain years and manufacturers, they discourage either the use of the low grade stuff, (for the protection of your engine) or they discourage/ don't advocate the use of the higher octane stuff because the engine was tested and EPA'd on regular. Others still recommend only premium for ultimate engine performance. I personally run low grade in my domestic truck, and premium in my import because it stumbles and misses on the lower octane fuel. It's a preference really, and mid grade is a decent quality and cost compromise.
0	I do my best, and dear god yeeeeesssssss. This by far has been the best relationship I've ever been in and its because we talk about everything. We always make sure we understand each other on an issue and always find a compromise that makes us both happy. We've only fought once in the 9 months we've been together and that's because we don't bottle things up and assume the other person knows what the other did to upset them. We just say it. Now I'll admit sometimes I have to sit there and prod her a little and sometimes I actually end up figuring out why she was upset with me for doing or saying something before she does. In the end though, We always know where we both stand on things.
1	Nah...   Gapclosers where heavily discussed in WoW   (where a lot of cc mechanics where widely used and known by the largest playerbase ever possible)   Deathknights "Deathgrip" ability (similar to Darius grab but single targeted) was considered as a gapcloser, while simple stuns, slows or just speed increases do not (they can be used as gap openers/disengages)
1	I think it's pretty hilarious how people think that having lee sin is an instant win, and constantly ban him... In my experience, more than half the time if you leave him unbanned you get to pick him.   The thing about him is that if you leave him open and the other team does pick him they may not know how to play him very well or at all and have just picked him to get that effective "3rd ban"   Personally I am much more scared of Morgana and Talon get super farmed/fed unstoppably in a lane than Lee Sin in the jungle.
1	Different types of aggressive. If they are over extending the lane all of a sudden, someone else is generally somewhere in range. If the jungler is set up for the gank, the laner will try and bait you towards a brush with the jungler, or let you over extend so they can perform a pincer gank. If they let the lane fall back, stay just a bit out of range, as to keep the jungler's attention for the most amount of time, getting whatever CS you can without a chance of dying. The jungler will often go off to another lane, recognizing that you are anticipating a gank and the laner will go back to regular play.   A good laner will not show signs, other than maybe subtly maneuvering the creep wave and the fight towards one side of the lane. But that doesn't mean that the jungler is on that side. There are too many possibilities.   Wards can almost eliminate ganks. [Here is an in depth guide.](   [
1	Making lots of money doesn't super rich,  most of their money probably goes to the owners, to build up the game, and investors.   Updating splash arts is low priority, because they don't effect gameplay, %user use of the game, and because they already have an asset that they paid money for that does it's job efficiently well. They don't need to worry about updating because not updating won't hurt game, or stop making them money really.   Also they don't hire people off of deviantArt because while they are talented, most don't draw in the visual style that Riot wants to push or it would be to costly/time consuming to hire someone to find/commision them. (They would probably have to devote hours of the existing art teams time, or hire more people to start up a replace old art team) I know it sounds easy, like you could just have people vote on reddit or something, but still that is time and money out of riots pockets, for something that effectively doesn't really benifit riot as a whole to do.
1	There needs to be a note here:  for the health of the community, the "Morale Negative" approach outlined should  ONLY  - and I do truly mean  ONLY  be used in Ranked play.   Doing it in normal play will serve only to make players in general feel bad about learning to play - this would serve only to reduce the chance of a newbie playing long enough to get good & contribute to the community at large.  A net loss for everyone.  That said, in a competitive scene, there is merit to mindgaming your opposing team (though personally I do not subscribe to that school of thought)...
0	Let me preface this by saying I currently work in retail.   There's a flipside to it, which is that the fast pace and low pay of the job (as well as the difficult customers) can lead employees to give bad service to customers who have reasonable complaints.   Story:  I was at a major department store recently, and I had a shirt I got from a discount rack, which was missing its tag.  The checker used the UPC on the little inner tag sewn into the shirt, but it didn't ring up at the correct discount, which I pointed out.  Rather than give it to me for the advertised 60% discount, the checker told me it was on the wrong rack and needed to be re-racked if I didn't want it at the price it rang up at.  I disagreed with her and asked her if that was her store's policy, and she told me she didn't know what the store's policy was.  ?!  As if the store's policy doesn't matter.  She took on an attitude as if I was a nuisance for wanting the shirt at the price advertised (which was actually only a $10 difference).  Terrible customer service.  Also, the guy that went to "double check" on the price (i.e. waste my time) left the shirt rather than bring it back with him.  Then when I decided I would take it at that price, he brought back a completely different shirt.
0	Oh I know exactly how you feel. Grew up very religious. Never felt comfortable talking to girls. I'm 27/m and it wasn't until this last month that I started to transition away from my nice guy tactics on girls (which always failed and left me frustrated).   The nice guy tactic is boxing yourself in. You're not allowing yourself to be more than the desperate guy who will do nothing but serve the girl he finds attractive in order to get with her. It is putting yourself out and shows little self respect. And the girl sees that. (As do guys when girls do that to them. Desperation makes me go ewww. So I bet girls think the same.)   My attitude began to change when I started the keto diet (r/keto in case u were unaware). Sounds silly maybe. The diet began to work and maybe I realized I had more control over my life than I thought. And maybe it was the healthy eating, but somehow I began to gain more self respect. My thinking was, and is, less frenzied and I realized I could actually get in shape without killing myself. So the prospect of better looks are on the horizon. I'm still not a very confident person and still do things which demonstrate less than optimal self-respect. But I can sense a positive direction that I'm moving in. I don't have a gf, but at least I don't feel needy all the time in the presence of girls, and I'm more comfortable in general around them. I'm gaining this calmer confidence that makes me feel like I am good enough (improved self-image I suppose). And I smile more. Less depressed now I guess.
1	I am usually a jungler but I play mid a lot too. One thing that frustrates me is that if you're a jungler and you start red buff, you can not expect melee mids to tank it for you. I had a jungler (who happened to feed every lane he ganked because he had 0 map awareness even though whole team sees the counter ganks coming; this was the one time I've seen a jungler so bad that team begged him NOT to gank) expect me as eve to leash his red buff and refused to attack it first. I am NOT tanking the first hit of the red buff for you. It's literally half my health. I was ready to damage it to half for you with hate spike, but I will NOT melee it and split tank it for you. (you can switch aggro up to 10x now by split tanking it like baron)
1	When you first commented on the forums and actually answered our questions and listening to our suggestions, I almost couldn't believe it. When the new map was revealed, I felt pretty positive about, even though I promised myself not to forma a too strong opinion before trying it out.   After looking more closesly at it, however, I got the fealing that it is more of a "Mini-Dominion", a game that doesn't rewards mechanical skill as much as SR or the old TT.   Also, with the removal of the upper jungle and much wider lanes/jungle corridors, I just seems that it was made more noob friendly. I have played ~1500 games of TT since right after closed Beta, I loved the old map even with the imbalance, the near impossible jungle and the many other issues. It was a challenge that you had to put hours into to master. I have beat countless ranked teams where the members were >2k Elo in Solo, where I'm an average 15-1600 player, because they just created a 3v3 team for fun or to get platinum/diamond. On the new map, even if I played another 1500 games, I doubt I could repeat the beforementioned feat.   I get that you wanted to make it noob friendly, but I don't want another Dominion.   Sincerely, urf aka Wffles, an 1800 Elo 3v3 jungler.
1	Actually I said that they are mana hungry if you're not careful, so spamming spells/trying to do multiple combos a lot, etc. I'm sure if you just scale back ability use and learn to last hit under a tower you should be fine.   Ya, Ryze does build mana, but it's not like there's a rule that says you can't with characters other than him. Try buying an early Catalyst or Tear if you're that worried about mana, sure you give up some damage but you have to cut corners somewhere. Actually an item I quite enjoy is Fiendish Codex as it gives AP's all the stats they really enjoy having and it's just slightly more than a Revolver.   Gragas' W doesn't restore that much mana(90 at level 5), and you only take one point in it early and max it last(so 30/cast). Sure it costs nothing, but you're also not getting a ton out of it. This can generally be worked around by casting far fewer spells and last hitting with auto attacks a lot more, but some players have a real hard time with this I find, and are especially timid with melee based casters.   Viktor eats mana if you spam E(laser) and so constant harass/lane pushing with it can leave you OOM quite quickly.   I understand that some champions take better advantage of Blue than others(obviously they will, they're all different), and some will need it more than others, but you have to adapt. If there isn't a Blue or Blue is weakened then change your style of play to fit the new restrictions. This applies to all champions; manage the resources at your disposal.   As for the Clarity thing, I play a lot of normals with friends and EVERY Lux I see takes Clarity, it's extremely discouraging as Riot has pretty much sad it's the "noob" summoner, which is supposed to augment the fact that you don't have access to 30 Mastery points and Mana regen runes. Some people just need to learn.
1	but who cares he will sink to it with other peoples because of him. Those other guys do.   Why does every post about ELO always have to assume that players lose elo because of bad other players? It's simply not true, at least not over a big number of games. And in a game like LoL ist absoultely idiotic to worry about one specific game. Even assuming Mr. IDidNotWin will start with a losing streak, every game there will be     4 players who "get dragged down"     5 players who will get more ELO       ==> on average, the players that belong in ~1200 will profit from the constant stream of noobs
1	Honestly, I wouldn't worry about your situation for now. If you've already submitted a ticket to Riot, just wait. My first time that I sent one in, it was replied to within two days. Riot has one of the best customer supports of any game, they just take time to reply. I'm fairly certain that Riot would refund you for your runes, and probably won't take your RP as compensation. All you need to do is wait, and check on your ticket periodically. I'm sure they'll be able to satisfactorily help you.
1	Stay back until most of the cc/burst is used on others, melt the squishiest person closest to you.  Who you should focus is different based on team comps, but just do your best to stay alive while dealing as much damage as possible to the other team.
1	yes, but they didn't buy him in the beginning because he wasn't interesting. He was dark and foreboding, and didn't look very lifelike. So you have Kogmaw that jokes around and is messy and has a penguin waddle.. its cute.   They have said in the past they are avoiding something like Skarner/Urgot because it just doesn't attract people/help people bond w said champion. That's why they never pushed forward wit hthe Hydralisk-esque champion. They said they couldn't make him relatable/likeable.
1	I had the same thing before. Played a lot of normals and customs, but the ranked was a scary place. At some point I started playing some ranked games, about 2 in a row. That usually got me all excited and hyper, but I was scared to just keep going there , afraid I might lose alot.   But I noticed that when I played ranked, I was usually better than my team and I figured I could climb up. I set the goal to get silver (started bronze 2) and started playing more and more, working towards my goal.   At some point I didnt even do normals anymore, people trolled more there than in my ranked games and I was winning more ranked games than losing.   I hit silver after not such a long time, that felt really really good. Set my next goal, reach gold. I figured that was about where I was going to end up so if I hit that I would be over the moon.   I got to Gold, I was sooo happy. Next I set my goal on overtaking my Gold 3 friend. Kept on winning, kept on focussing on getting better and I managed to even skip gold 4 and gold 2.   Right now Im plat 3, I only play normals to try a new champion or to play with friends (that dont do ranked). Im still gaining levels, but slower now. Ranked is just like normals were before, its still the same game, but you actually get somewhere.
1	Hello,  I would like to see a Lee Sin Wallpaper (1920x1080) It would be cool if its got the qoute:" Master yourself, master the enemy" And it would be awesome if Lee Sin got a Hoodie with the TSM Logo on it.  And a great thank you if you could do this for me. (Sorry for my bad english)
1	I have this every time I boot up my computer. It's really annoying, but extremely useful if I need to go some place.   Gonna be on the road for more then 2 hours? Start up my computer, take a leak, turn off computer and go!
1	She is completely viable.  The only issue is that there are stronger champs to do the same thing.  If you need an assassin to shut someone down: leblanc, Zed.  They can get in and kill and easily get out.  If you need an all in initiator for a fight, normally you would have a tank do that or someone who can instantly do it like annie.
1	doesnt matter about xpecial's perfect sona ult or the beast champion of draven the penta kill was def a sign of a great player. but what i think ppl arent realizing is the fact that having turtle apart of those TSM games CHANGED how the team worked.. how the moved together, how they meshed. you get what im saying they were a completely different team and mentality. for the other 4, they had a huge feeling of "we are better" that first game because none of them were worried about if chaox's attitude and lack of ability to "care" for the games/practices, ect.. would effect the game. they just synced together open minded, free of the stress they experienced @ dallas. so think about this.. does it matter whos a better adc, turtle or chaox? or does it matter how TSM performs in games? imo.. seeing how its not soloQ rankings the LCS is all about id say how TSM performs as a team in games. simply put.. better w/ turtle (now obv i can only make that statement off the few games we have all seen them play together in, but clearly they doing pretty well)
0	For entertainment value I prefer the
1	Now that you mention it, he has seemed to have matured since Kiev. I think everyone is forgetting that these guys were just kids when they started, barely over 18.   Most of the progamers are people who, even now, would not have graduated college had they gone that route. They've got a lot of growing up to do, but I don't think it's right to deny the fact that they're growing.
1	im wondering if during your promos does matchmaking get less favorable. Because the enemy has way better mmr all around according to the sites i checked. Or did i just get amazingly unlucky. because i check everyone for each game.
1	first of all, she applies tons of pressure just by being in the game. The terror of a stealthed Eve ganking you basically means that it's a huge risk to push lanes without investing tons of money in stealth wards. In addition to that, her flanks are amazing. You will often see her sneak behind the enemy team in teamfights, then hitting enemies with her ult (which usually hits maybe 4 enemies) which grants her a massive shield and allowing her team to engage on the slowed targets.
1	I think that opinion is correct but also biased one at that. It seem's to be that its just Thorin that has done something "frowned upon" with the whole shit talking, yes they shouldn't shit talk but its not only Thorin who has done it, go through each team and think about who shit talks or is negative toward's another team, TSM is the worst for it, iv heard every single one of the TSM member's shit talk another team at some point besides WildTurtle, I think if the community and everyone expects professionalism from a E-sport's reporter then its even more of a obligation for a team who is consistently and constantly in the spot light, a lot of the community might not even know who Thorin is, the majority of the community know who TSM are, you can't expect one person to change if a whole team won't and team who is in the spot light a lot more than a single person on a talk show.   As for the comment about Reginald and Caesar, Thorin said he didn't mean it in a way of looks but more in a way of how he act's, he shouldn't say it in way of looks because that's a step too far, as for the actions I don't see a problem with the reference, but we can never know in what way he ment it.
1	He synergizes  better with flat AD. He actually always had, but the fact that his passive functions like a triforce is a "noob trap" that tricks people into thinking there would be increased synergy with triforce.   When you use your passive with a triforce, it only uses spell blade on the first passive hit, and the second hit is it's normal damage. Let's say we're comparing this vs rushing an ie/bt. Triforce gives 30 ad plus the passive, which is a fair amount, let's say an average 70ish bonus damage. The bf item will give you 80, but you get the full value on both hits(scaled by his passive of course). So it's a small but in the favor of the triforce early on for passive+spell blade hits, but regular autos and q scale much better with flat ad and crit. Due to the nature of his passive Lucian is a rare adc champion that doesn't have to build attack speed if he doesn't want to. If you look back at Lucian at the hight of his power, Reckless was building ghost blade lw lucidity boots and all the bf items.   The
1	Except all these complaints are not relevant. They come from a missconception of people between win-ratio and Elo.   Yes, someone can be "Plat Elo" with more losses than wins if he happens to do a nearly 50-50 against diamond players (for example, if he's duoQing with a high diamond). It's not wrong and it's working as intended, the Elo system gives you more points if you win against higher elo and removes you less points if you lose against higher Elo.   As opposed to current league system, it's still completely coherent.  League system: you can be significantly higher "Elo (hidden mmr) while being a division below, which is kind of dumb.
0	I wasn't bullied (only due to me making it known I had black belt in martial arts), but I was a complete geek and hung out with complete geeks who got bullied (mentally and physically).  My solution?  I dropped out after 10th grade by getting my parents to tell the school system I was being homeschooled, got my GED at 16 and went to college.  Best decision I ever made.  Software Engineer now and at 27, I'm making more now than what I set for a goal when I was 40.  In other words, you won't miss anything that you can't learn in college.   My wife, on the other hand, had an excellent high school experience and cannot relate at all to my school experience.
0	This actually happens because WebSense categorizes Reddit and Imgur differently. Imgur is in the "media sharing" category if I'm not mistaken, which gets blocked categorically by most companies who don't want employees browsing Youtube or Tumblr.  Reddit is classified differently depending on the subreddit. The front page is just under the "news" category, or some other category that isn't often filtered. Meanwhile, you may notice that while /r/AdviceAnimals and /r/science are accessible, you can't go to /r/WTF or /r/GoneWild, for example. It depends on the company and what filter they've chosen.  So there's no one actually going "Muahaha, I'll block Imgur but not Reddit to fuck with people!" They're probably going "Okay, don't want them going on Youtube or some shit so let's block media-sharing sites, but email and news is fine I guess, nobody spends an hour reading the news," and so most of Reddit is left in.
0	It sounds like she has [Borderline Personality Disorder]( and may or may not have bipolar disorder.  The two usually go hand in hand though, esp. in women.  She's probably Type II if anything.  Type Is can go days without sleeping, feel euphoric, and often have delusions and hallucinations.  Not too many people are Type I.   I recommend you learn everything you can on BPD.  Figure out a way to work with her in the bounds of her disorder.  If that means finding a way to leave her, then so be it.  If it means finding a way to love her again, then I applaud you for trying.  Many people with BPD end up being left by their partners, which is unfortunately the exact thing they're trying to prevent (Criteria 1:  Frantic efforts to avoid real or imagined abandonment).   If she's ever attempted suicide before I would be extremely cautious with what you do.  Things can be very black and white to someone with BPD.  If you're not paying attention to her, she may see that as the worst possible thing you've ever done to her, and find ways to get your attention, including self harm attempts.  If she fails at getting your attention and does not attempt to harm herself, the next defense mechanism is usually to [devalue]( you.  On the other hand, even the smallest positive gesture may seem like the best thing you've ever done for her.  These idealization and devaluation episodes are one of the main components of BPD.   It is possible to modify her behavior with some behavior modification of your own.  Once you learn how someone who has BPD works, you can coax out some positive behaviors.  I would just be careful because if you change your behavior towards her, instead of idealizing you, she may become paranoid.  Paranoid ideation can also be a part of BPD.  She may become convinced you are cheating, or that you're hiding something else.   She may also be willing to try therapy, with the promise (empty or not) that you will stay with her.  [Dialectical Behavior Therapy]( is very common for those with BPD.  If nothing improves between you, you can always hope that the therapy she went through has given her a new set of coping skills, so that when you do leave her you don't have to worry about her ending up in a hospital or worse.   Anyway, my advice is to try getting her well before you leave her.  I'm speaking from personal experience, and that's all I'm going to say.
1	As a Silver V player who was stuck in bronze for 1,5 seasons I'd like some coaching. My biggest problem is that I'm too greedy and go on tilt waaaaay too easily. My MMR is pretty high for Silver V (~+35lp per win, ~-9lp per lose) and I went from Bronze I to Silver V without promo's. I'm just too scared(?) to play rank because of every match I think it is a very important moment, which it really isn't. Please hit me up if you want to genuinly help me!   EDIT:
0	I think the reason women get so defensive is because everyone else tells us what we can and cannot do with out bodies from the second we hit sexual maturity. As soon as we grow some boobs and curves we're told how to dress and act or else we are sluts and asking for it. There are members in congress who in 2013 want to tell women they can't have access to birth control or abortions no matter what the reason for needing them may be. We should just stick an aspirin between our knees!   Then when you get pregnant oh god...you're an awful selfish mother if you drink, smoke, have caffeine, get your hair colored, get you nails done, work out to much, work out to little, gain to much weight, gain to little weight, eat sushi, eat cold cuts and so on.  I'm not advocating known dangerous activities while pregnant like drinking and smoking but it seems like society thinks it has a right to dictate what rights women have and don't have with their bodies.   Then once your baby is born you better breastfeed and if you don't well then you better have what other people have decided is a damn good reason. If not then you're just selfish and only care about yourself and your precious boobies!   So to my point; even though you yourself may not be judging women who are not breastfeeding, it is still very hard not to become defensive if you can't and /or choose not to for your own personal and private reasons.
0	Don't need to be a dick man.
1	I'm going to look at this from the perspective of bot lane, because that's where I spend most of my time.  Bot lane snowballing hasn't really changed much. With snowballing overall being lessened, season 4 supports get more combat stats from gold now and can snowball along with their carry. If there was the same snowballing as before, a bot lane being a little bit behind would be completely screwed by having two effective champions overpowering them. No change to snowballing would have been a huge increase in snowballing.   In season three, my wardbot self couldn't come close to dealing with a snowballed toplaner, and even a fed adc has always had a huge problem dealing with fed fighters. In laning phase, toplane is the only lane I couldn't affect. I could ensure good ganks for the jungler, ward river to help mid or even roam, and as always, ensure my adc beats their adc. But if my toplaner gives first blood and gets crushed for the remainder of lane phase, I could do nothing. Top lane would decide the game, and toplane itself would be decided by five minutes in.   I understand that toplaners might not like not being able to win the game singlehandedly anymore, but look at it from the perspective of the other people in the game. Our games were being decided by actions out of our control. Even the jungler had little opportunity to save a lane, because if the fed laner's jungler counterganks then it gets even worse.   Jungling anti-snowballing was probably hit too hard, but it has been updated over the course of the season to be brought closer to season 3. It might need a little more help, but it is's pretty decent right now.
1	I was an avid Starcraft player for like the past 10 years, played BW up until I got a beta for SC2 and played it incessantly. The longer I played sc2 however the less I enjoyed it. It's lonely as fuck, I had several people to play team ladder with and it's not very fun. So I would ladder 99% of the time, and although I got to like top masters during my peak it felt like a really hollow achievement. Most of the games were stale, meta rarely changed and consisted of people using the same 2 or 3 builds per matchup. I really feel like Blizzard dropped the ball, they could have had such a big audience, the growth in 2010/11 was insane but they did very little to nurture it and while mechanically it is very challenging, I feel like the casual/'fun side' and even the strategy side of the game is very underwhelming
0	I love how insightful the first part of this was and how great the
0	I subscribe that this idea is outdated and ill informed.  One Christmas tree out of a season of burning won't do a damn thing, not one.   The only people I have known to have chimney fires are those that never cleaned their chimney.  Besides, you would have to burn a lot of Christmas trees to have any appreciable creosote buildup.  If your only source of wood is only Christmas trees and you burned it for a season, then an outside maybe for a chimney fire.   However, if you clean your chimney every year like you're supposed to, i can't imagine any issues.  Additionally, your risk is further substantially reduced if you are not burning the needles and generally a moron.
1	What annoys me more is the denial by LoL players that 'anime' style has been in LoL from the beginning. Or that there are characters in the game who have distinctly Asian proportions which are emphasized in Chinese art more - basically denying that Ionia is an expy of China and Japan.   Look to the subreddit bar to my right right now. Ahri NA default is 'anime' style. Original Katarina splash art was using the same proportions. Kennen looks like he's straight out of Pokemon. Even Leona, despite being I'm going to guess Caucasianish, has larger eyes than proportionally realistic.   Compare to the men, Graves and Taric. Taric is from the old splash art where they were more photorealistic and thus not as generally attractive, especially when you compare to the more refined and yet animated style of Graves.   Now, I get it, there's some where the artwork looks too embellished or too similar to fanart. Case in point, some of the original Chinese Taric splash arts, which made him look completely different. Then Bloodstone Taric was released, where a compromised look was given. THAT is his new face, because if we took either his original look in the sidebar or the younger original Chinese version, they  both  don't fit in with the current look of LoL.   This goes the same for Ezreal. Original Ezreal does  not  look like he belongs in the same world as Graves. I don't like the style the new splash art is in, but the new proportions of his face fit the world that includes Ahri, Graves, Katarina and Leona better.   That's why I call bullshit on arguments about 'not consistent with the game design'. Default Taric and Ezreal were/are photorealistic. You're telling me, that they belong in the LoL world? And it's not hard to be 'consistent' when all splasharts for champs were basically palette swaps. Rusty Blitzcrank, Grey Warwick, Alien Cho'gath?   LoL was always primarily anime-inspired. Several of the champs were  declared to be inspired by anime characters . Lux, Sona, and Ezreal's dance to name a few.   If you want to talk about being influenced by like a western animated series, I would expect LoL to look more like [Batman the Animated Series]( the old [CINAR animated cartoons](  or [The Curse of Monkey Island]( if you want a game example.   But LoL doesn't. It would be cool if it was, but it clearly isn't. If you animated LoL into a series, people would say it reminds them of  Avatar the Last Airbender , not  Adventure Time   And then just the general insult of trying to quantify 'Chinese' art like that. Plenty of American and European fanartists (of generally anime, granted) draw like that. It's been a style I've seen all around me growing up for a decade. It was because of the popularity of anime, but now it's a no longer restrained by borders. NA Ahri wasn't drawn by someone from China, that was in-house NA.   Since Western art style ranges from [Frank Frazetta]( to [the artist of Maus]( I also wouldn't be so quick to claim anything is 'western' style.   Edit: Also, tits and ass style from way back [good old Everquest cover](
1	Yeah because the reason this kid didnt just make a new acc is because he has skins/champs etc that were bought with RP.   You are an idiot if you think that, because its a free game, that riot are not money hungry.   Let me ask you this then, If someone is permabanned, why are they not IP banned like EVERY other game on the face of the earth. Why? So you can create a new account, do the same shit, and spend more money.
1	Having a problem with someone in a bush? Get a lantern.  Having a problem with CC? Get a QSS/Cleanse.  Problem kiting? Get a BotRK or a Frozen Mallet.  Want to teach new players the map control they need for SR? Then there isn't a better place to learn than SR.  TT is designed to be a different map altogether, not a smaller version of SR.  New players do not get overwhelmed on SR.  I know this because I am teaching 2 people at the same time, both of whom are new to MMOs.  They are not overwhelmed because they have someone to help them learn.  They have already learned many of the basics and are working on understanding the meta and the champions.  There are no bad students, only bad teachers.
1	Please do some voice over a for her. And some skits? Also maybe
1	I can't help as much with Xin but I may be able to help with Nocturne.   Your build is fine right up until Brutalizer --> Yomumu. Personally I just hang onto Brutalizer and go off and build something tanky whether it be Wits End or Phage, etc. Yomumu is a great item, but slightly more crit, damage and attack speed is kinda unneeded when he has half of those things built in already. Finish Yomumu late game after you've gotten Frozen Mallet or B. Veil or something.   What I'm assuming what is going on is you are strong with Xin/Nocts ganks, which is their strong point, but mid-late game you are either jumping in the middle of fights or not making up for their defensive properties once the laning phase ends.   Early game: Ganks are his specialty due to his Q/Ult and his strong early-game damage.   Mid Game: Either start to build tanky since that's where he's lacking mid-late game or remain mobile and hidden and jump out any time there's an even team fight (2v2 or something) or they try to do a tower dive against your team.   Going forward though, do NOT jump in anything larger than a 2v1 (ie 3v1, 4v2 unless they are under a tower or some of them are very weak). Noct simply cannot survive the brute force of an overwhelming amount of champions.   A lot of people screw up with Nocturne (aka "DARKNESSSSS"  Noct has been slain ) because they severely misjudge their opponent that they are ganking or they end up in the middle of the enemy team. Mid-late game Noct should be playing more like a Yi in the fact he needs to be one of the last people into a fight and he can do so easier than Yi in fact.   A few smaller jungling tips I can give:     Don't think you need to kill something for a "successful gank". If they burn summoner skills that's perfect. Just come back within 4 minutes to finish the job (in regards to flash).     Counter jungling- although great- is highly risky unless you know the status and condition of the enemy junlger. CV from your support can help you.     Mid game most junglers rolls go from ganker/dps/carry to disruptor, tank, and or tanky dps. Very rarely (unless you are jungle Karthus) do most junglers stay squishy in regards to being viable mid-late game.
0	I've been on the opposite end of this, where for some reason my mother kept driving on the right side, even though it said there was construction ahead, for like 5 miles. I was like "mom, why are you still in this lane?" she said "I don't know, I'm just going to keep going." People kept trying to block her, positioning their cars almost horizontal, and she kept going. Just drove around them.   And we never had to merge. There was no construction.
0	I regret to inform those who have "free healthcare" that your healthcare isn't really free. You, and/or your parent's pay for this healthcare through your taxes, your socialist government's have been gracious enough to supply you this healthcare through payment via taxation so you don't go through the hassle of insurance companies. One way or another, your healthcare isn't free, if healthcare was actually free, the children in places like Africa wouldn't be neglected medical treatment because they can't afford it / not enough money for taxes.
1	then I'll say something about your name because it sounds like you have no idea what you're talking about. A properly played rumble is "op" as shit. I love rumble. A properly played Viktor, again,  "op". I love playing volibear, but he can easily be dealt with and kited. it's when a pro player picks voli, does really well with him, and proceeds to destroy a team because that voli got fed, then everyone plays him in solo Q, and then everyone that lost to a voli a few times will say omg op I can't beat this guy, it has nothing to do with my play style, its volibear omg op. and yes you did act like a dick head, by having a snotty attitude and saying he was crying about it. Quite simply, it's fairly accurate. people pick a champion, a pro player sees how good that champ is, usually it's a champ thats underplayed. Like kayle was about 3 months ago. the items were the same. she didn't get buffed. Yet I loved playing kayle, she was simply underestimated. People didn't play her because she wasn't fotm. Olaf was always strong. Didn't get any attention for major nerfs until a pro player destroyed someone. It's never the person out playing someone, it's always the champion. I've been ranting and I don't even know the reason I started typing this so it's time to end it.
0	Actually this is the best time to invest in a house. It's what they call an upside down market right now, meaning most mortgage payments are cheaper than rent. Also, since the housing market is still down, houses will appreciate more as the market recovers.
0	Because just like in any real or perceived subculture, people like to take ownership of really weird and really stupid things so that they can feel special. Nitpicking the origin and purpose of memes like this apparently fulfills that. It's pretty common in any group for there to be a concentration on some social norm that all people should adhere to whether it be clothes, behaviors, or funny captions on dumb pictures. This is all a very surreal but interesting copy of the minor norms that make cliques what they are. Basically it is a bunch of dickhead neckbeards creating social standards to ostracize those who don't belong... and it is hilarious in its irony.
1	In my opinion, you couldn't possibly be more wrong. I can't stress just how dumb it is to willingly put yourself in a game of which you're convinced you'll lose on the premise that you "don't give the troll what he wants". First of, you assume that the troll wants you to dodge. What if they just want to troll? In that case, doesn't your unwillingness to dodge just triple the time he can troll you in?   But hey, let's ignore the troll for a bit and focus on what's in it for the non-dodger. Additional time lost? Check. Additional LP loss? Check. General feeling of dissatisfaction? Check (though admittedly, that feeling also comes if you dodge). But most importantly: MMR loss? Check.   So there you are. So didn't negotiate with the terrorist. Great job. Too bad it cost you more than it should've. A pyric victory, they call that.
0	I hope you realize that even when passing, you're not allowed to exceed the speed limit.   >This is reddit though, where everyone is under 30 and no one knows the actual rules of the road let alone how to drive safely.   You say that like people honestly think the passing lane is for legally speeding. We all know you can't legally speed in any lane. We do it anyway.   Most people, myself included, know the rules of the road. And how to drive safely. I can go 70 in a 65 and still be driving safely. If the flow of traffic is at 75 in a 65 it's  safer  to keep up with everyone else. That doesn't make it legal.
1	you know the entire problem here is. speaking as a 1500 player (which tbh isn't that good) when riot changed it to give rewards with top rating instead of current rating, the problem started. I mean what possessed riot do to this. the entire point of elo is to judge your skill level. if you reach a maximum elo then you start lose games that means you /don't/ belong there. soft resetting people in relation to their maximum elo is not going to help matchmaking's true balance. i.e if they were once 1300 but they lost games till 1000. they didn't deserve 1300. because if your true elo was 1300 you'd be able on average to /win/ enough games to regain that elo.  also, after people get to 1500 they start trolling. every third match there is some guy who says "i'm locked in at 1700 its k i play ad sion top i got dis" if they get boosted its even worse. its ruining matchmaking as people just don't take ranked seriously after they get 'locked in' at a top elo.
0	Guilty.   Let me explain. While I see how total honesty with someone is a good thing. I am a grown person and can choose to stop speaking with a woman/man anytime I want to without reason just as they can do the same to me. It's a pretty clear message to the other party to steer clear of you. Sorry.
0	Late to the party, but true story:   One time at work, I had a headache.  I asked around if anyone had medicine.  Someone suggested that Tom had some.   I went to his office and jokingly said, "Hey, man, I want some  drugs !"   He got this deer-in-the-headlights look and said "...  WHAT ?"   I continued, "They said you had some tylenol?"   He was scared as shit, and then let out a big sigh of relief, opened his desk drawer, said, "oh, yeah, there ya go."   I took some of the pills and left, while he stayed there, still scared out of his mind.
0	I had a customer demand to see the mod because we asked for his phone number (we do for everyone because rewards accounts are based on phone numbers). He came back to the store something like an hour after his purchase. I work at a fairly large store and was strapped for folk(3 people on the floor and one on break). I extricated my self from register (leaving a line of 10people mind you). First he wouldn't believe I was the mod and technically most senior manager present (I do look youngish but you'd think me and my coworkers telling him he'd get it). He then demanded 15% off of his transaction because the phone number thing had "creeped him out" I explained to him our entire rewards policy and how the 15% is contingent with signing up. He kept demanding it so I decided to give it to him (it was off a 24$ pair of gloves) just to get him out of there. Suddenly this was not enough. He began demanding a gift box (which we are charging a dollar for this year, not what I would have done but I don't run the store lol). Then he began berating me about how I wasn't helping the people in line. I called out my other coworker on break (we are the same level, keyholders) to discuss how to proceed. The man was totally erratic and I was becoming increasingly worried about what he would do since every problem i solved he demanded something else. i was a step from kicking him out or calling the cops however as soon as my friend came out from the middle of her break, he stopped demanding things and just took the stuff and a gift box and left.
0	I was surprisingly moved by one of Stephen A. Smith's monologues on First Take. He diverged from the actual question into a more interesting discussion of conformity in the black community. Although it's a fine line to walk, I don't think he was wrong to suggest that a degree of conformity to the standards of society at large is necessary, and maybe even more so than for other groups, for the educational and economic success of young black individuals. Although his point about wearing a suit to work wasn't exactly profound, he used it as a springboard to criticize athletes for preaching a message of "keep it real" that can substantially worsen a young individual's chance of success. He was essentially making the claim that athletes, despite working incredibly hard and often coming from difficult backgrounds, can speak from a position of privilege without realizing it. What worked for them or works for them is not always a principle applicable to non-professional athletes.   Personally, I've always been wary of the assimilationist mentality that gets wrapped up in the King-ean notion of equality that emerged from the Civil Rights Movement. An examination of King's rhetoric reveals an equally compelling notion of equality, which is equality inclusive of difference rather than in spite of it. You don't ignore blackness because we are all human; rather that blackness empowers you as one of the defining traits of your humanness. Race is not something you simply attempt to overcome or absorb, but something you attempt to understand and empathize with; there are pluralistic ideological roots that attempt to equalize without flattening. With all of that said, however, there is a practical element to assimilation Stephen A. Smith is drawing attention to. People of all races and backgrounds must to a degree conform in order to ensure the possibility of their own success. It's a fine line to walk, but it is one all minority groups have had to deal with. For example, the struggle between differentness and assimilation can be seen as the primary issue underlying most of Jewish history.   It seems I've gone off on my own rant, but my whole point was that sometimes "race baiters" can incite meaningful discussion. While I think it would be better if we had Cornel West instead of Stephen A. Smith talking about race, sometimes the discussion is still productive rather than fanatical.
1	218.4%.   "The highest spell vamp value currently possible is attainable on  Akali using her  Discipline of Might on Twisted Treeline. This requires:   Attack Damage sources   95 AD -  Sanguine Blade (fully stacked)   95 AD -  Maw of Malmortius While at 30% hp or less   45 AD -  Hextech Gunblade   20 AD - nearby allied  Zeke's Herald (aura)   40 AD -  Crest of Crushing Wrath   42 AD -  Ichor of Rage   50 AD -  Eye Of The Storm   35 AD -  Radiance   5 AD -  Ignite with  Summoner's Wrath   35.64 AD - Marks of Might, Seals of Might and Glyphs of Might   3 AD -  Brute Force   12.24 AD -  Deadliness   Total AD: 477.88 AD +10% for owning both alters (including her base of 110.6) = 535.728   Conversion: (535.728-9.5)/6 = x + 6   Total: 93% (decimal of .871 dropped)   Spell Vamp sources   20% -  Hextech Gunblade   20% -  Will of the Ancients   20% - nearby allied  Will of the Ancients (aura)   20% -  Spirit of the Spectral Wraith   6% - Quintessences of Transmutation   3% -  Vampirism   Total: 89%   Spirit Visage increases the given spell vamp, increasing the subtotal of 182% by 20%. Making the maximum spell vamp 218.4%.   Assuming that  Akali can hit three targets with her  Crescent Slash, she will heal for 1207.52 hp, 61% of her life."
0	there was a dark acts of science case where they had a group of puppies in 3 control cases, one group no matter what they did got punished, one no matter what they did got praise, and one got fuck all random treatment.   the results of the 3 cases were that the constantly beaten ones were very scared and mostly scavanged. they didnt trust anything and ate leftover scraps, lived but not thrived.   the praised group got eaten almost on day 1 by a hungry bear as dogs came up expecting praise, they died.   the group that got fuck all random learned to trust each other but not too much, formed groups and hunted in packs, lived and thrived.
0	so black people still get 3/5ths of a vote? it's a living document, when congress passes legislation that alters it, or alters it's scope, it's legally binding. You can't just pick and choose which congressional changes you like.
0	The 7 wipes thing is excessive. You really only need a 0 wipe and you're fine. The "7 wipes" thing came from a research paper that was taken out of context about the potential for retrieving data using an electron microscope. First, that process is extremely time consuming even for a single bit, and second, that process was only marginally better than 50%. In other words, you'd be just as likely to guess what a particular bit was with a coin flip.
0	The block will be via the ISP which people will have to call to request it to be taken off so they can view porn, doing this will most liely get you on some kind of goverment list. What I find funny is what Camerons own advisor said: >Former head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection centre (CEOP), Jim Gamble, said Mr Camerons plan to tackle child abuse images by removing results from search engines like Google would be laughed at by paedophiles.   >There are 50,000 predators...downloading abusive images on peer-to-peer, not from Google, he said. Yet from CEOP intelligence only 192 were arrested last year. Thats simply not good enough.
1	Power spikes in general are based off items and levels. It's really only a point of time in the game when your champion or champion reach a "spike" in terms of power.   For botlane specifically you have to calculate both the adc's spikes and the supports. Lvl 2 gives an additional spell, sometimes lvl 3 and always level 6 again. Some champions gain a bigger spike from levels than the others, like in my opinion Leona getting lvl 6 is stronger than Nami getting lvl 6 etc. But it also works on items like some have replied already. Compare a Trist vs Kog lane. Kog builds a trinity force while Trist rushed IE. 1550 gold gives the Kog a phage/sheen/zeal and leaves 100-200 gold to spare for pots etc. The same amount of gold however gives Trist a B.F. Sword that is one of the first AD spikes she has. They're both now up to their first item spike and depending how they play it can give you a lead, however I would give the advantage here to the better support spike. Further on in the match up, Kog gets Trinity and Tristana can have his IE ready at the same time. This is a power spike as well but in terms of relative power, Trinity force > IE because you need some as and crit chance to fully utilize IE. So all in all, Kog is now stronger through his power spike than Tristana and you should utilize that with your team.   As for supports, I find the ones with the most CC always being more reliable in carrying. Think it like this: you got dmg so you're able to kill someone. What if they escape? What if they turn the fight around? All is possible and the unless you can utilize your dmg to it'maximum potential, you have a risk of losing the fight. If you got CC, you can essentially nullify one person from the team, making it a 4/3/2v5 for the duration of it and through that, ease the carrying of your team.
1	I can't really see Poppy being reworked and still be the same... If they change something in her kit they need to change everything.   It would just feel wrong to play Poppy and it doesn't fit together.
1	Thanks for the nice words!   For the first part of your question: I believe that getting rid of the Institute of War is good in the long run. It separates the church and state, so to speak, preventing contradictions between how champions behave in the lore and how they do on the Rift. For example: Kayle wanted to   > [bring her own brand of justice to the League of Legends.](   Yet summoners   > [representing a particular political allegiance would each call forth a champion](   How can she create her own brand of justice when a summoner from Noxus could summon her to defend their decision to, I don't know, eat puppies?   If you want a lore direction that fixes this issue, try out the very nifty [league factions]( As for me, not having the Insitute of War, or League of Legends for that matter, only makes it easier to create stories like this without hitches.   An alternative for summoners? I've thought about it for a bit, and my answer is simple: relegate summoning magic to the champions.   Udyr, Annie, Anivia, Zyra, Malzahar, et cetera: there are a lot of examples of champions who rely on what can be dubbed 'summoning magic' -- whether its conjuration or possession. Having each champion associated to an affinity they may summon or harness clears up the way for     City-state specific ideas on magic.     Techmaturgy found in Piltover and Zaun being a solution for those unable to summon magic on their own.     Separates church and state once again, implying that champions have more mastery over their element than implied by the Q-W-E-R in the games.
1	Why has Link's post blown up? I didn't read the post since it was too long :p.
1	I just don't think these two options account for the complete spectrum of experiences he could have by doing this. Is it spectacularly likely that this is a prelude to a the birth of a pro? No, I guess not. But I don't think it has to be for it to be a quality life experience.   We're all going to have differing views on how career-oriented we should be or how careful we should be with our time, but when I think about things that I've done in the name of making what might popularly be called "progress in life," I look back and see a some big mistakes. When I think about stuff that I've done that seemed stupid and irresponsible at the time, I see a few things that genuinely changed my life for the better.
0	My experience is that you shouldn't look at the list of qualifications as absolute requirements. Sometimes the HR folks are told something like: "We need 3 people and they need to do A, B, C, D, and we would love it if one of them could also do X, Y,Z."  HR goes OK, and generates the list of required skills for the positions: "A,B,C,D,X,Y,Z"   In reality they would be happy with one person who could do A and B, another who could do B and C and another that could do C and D, and a little of Y.   Another thing I have seen is some company manages to hire a frikin brilliant person straight out of college, then the person moves on to greener (better paying) pastures in a year or two. Now the company keeps open a position for superman to work at entry level pay. And, somehow they can never fill the position.
1	Honestly I don't see what's so annoying about Yasuo, you see someone pick Yasuo, you pickZed with exhaust, you pick Fiora with exhaust, you take fizz with ignite and max W, you pick someone that doesn't require skillshots and take exhaust and proceed to make him 0-10 in lane and if you let him reach late game then you deserve to lose with that much of a lead.   Instead of complaining and asking for nerfs, why not learn to play around him? Yasuo is only good against skillshot based champions. He is absolutely amazing a making a casters life hell. HOWEVER Yasuo cannot beat a fighter early, beat another non based skill shot assassin. It takes him roughly 6.5k gold - 10k gold to be extremely effective and actually able to 1v2, 1v3. But if you played the lane properly by the time he has 10k gold, you should have 15k.
0	Your in the same place that I was for years.  The only revenge that you need is to focus on your weight loss goals.  When I finally realized that changing myself was all that mattered, all I cared about, I just busted fucking ass. I went from over 300lbs to 195 in just over a year.  Everything I did was healthy, no weight loss supplements or protein shakes, just exercize like a mother fucker and eating very specific.  Once I lost the weight the look on all those shitty people that poked fun over the years was so worth it.  I got the hot girlfriend and was able to truly start enjoying life. My before and after pictures are what keep me humble..
0	meme criticism:   ^(i'm the least appropriate redditor to do this. i enjoy memes as much as the next person, but was never "into" them. so i'm just familiar with barely a handful of them.)   anyway, op's <ahem>  image macro  is something a sap might experience, but it does not portray sap in action.   for this meme, it has to be a socially awkward move in a relatively normal (for "other" people) situation. by definition, a socially awkward situation requires the presence of other people.
0	Agreed [here's a statement from Gillard to CEDA about the current state of our economy](   It's a bit long so i'll cut down some of the main points for ya.     2.5% growth for the year     Net exports making their strongest contribution to growth in four years.     New dwelling investment over the year rose by 10.2 per cent  the strongest annual growth in ten years, further evidence that the non-resource sectors of the economy picking up.     New business investment still around fifty-year highs as a share of GDP, at 17.5 per cent.     Since Labor came to power, the Australian economy has grown by 14 per cent.     Under Labor, our nation has created more than 950,000 jobs.     Our net debt  one-third Canadas, one-fifth Germanys and one-eighth the size of the United States.       There's more in there if you want to give it a read.
1	Um.... No LoL player get a 100k salary in Korea.  SC2 is one person, not five.   The average SC 'pro' player in Korean isn't even remotely close to 100k.   The only players that made bank in SC were the likes of Flash, Jaedong, etc..   I guarantee you incontrol has made WAYYYY more money then the best SC player in the world.
0	I had a roommate that was in the Army Reserves and was a complete jackass, often using his service to justify it. We were all at dinner one night, about ten of us (three of them including him are in the Army), and as we were about to leave, there was a reunion between a soldier that had returned from Afghanistan and his family. As we walked past we all stopped, shook his hand, and thanked him for his service. Not him though, he thought it was appropriate to say, and in a fairly loud voice, sappers (combat engineers, they often describe themselves as baby EOD, except that EOD are a bunch of pussies) clear the way and then he just walked on by. Even worse, he is constantly bragging about his Purple Heart. Whenever he is in the wrong on something he always tries to use the fact that he got blown up in Afghanistan as an excuse. He is an insufferable prick and I'm glad to be rid of him.
0	Also you need to account for the extra service that goes with first. The hosts serving you are paid more as they are expected to know multiple languages etc. You drink premium wines and have better food, blankets, headphones, entertainment, luggage allowance and gift baskets. You'll get access to airport lounges and possible complementary limos at either end of the flight. And so on.
1	Me ->   What I've found so far, climbing from Silver to Plat, is that supports become crucial past the Gold level. Supports, for the most part, have the greatest chance to steadily but surely climb the ELO ladder if played correctly, but unfortunately, the true impact a support has becomes obvious when every player knows their role well. Supports have the CC, engagement or disengagement needed to turn team fights over. At low level ELO, when players are still unfamiliar with proper micro and macro, the champ to do the most damage and take advantage of clumsy plays will generally stomp such as Yi, Kat, Akali, Yasuo, and other high damage but squishy champs. Supports LOCK these squishy champs down, but your team needs to be coordinated, and unfortunately, you don't find that level of coordination until high gold ELO.   I'd say, if you wanna cause more impact as a support at that level, to choose very hard engage supports such as Thresh, Leona, or Morgana. Any of those three could lock a champ such as Yi, for example with enough skill shot ability. Practice communicating with your team and the best ward placement at the right time.   Edit:
0	I minored in penis massage, and I can say with certainty that this is correct. Through the wonder of evolution the mouth has developed itself into a kind of glove for the penis. A truly wonderful thing of nature.
1	You're conflating motivation and game mentality / rationality.   I don't really know any guy who doesn't love feeling exalted when performing well, and who isn't motivated by it -- it's just a part of who we are.   Of course, when applying our skills to any task, we go into our "game mode", where we think rationally about what to do to perform well and win -- which in this case include working with the team.   Yeah some people may lose sight and focus of this at times, but I don't think DL has done anything to indicate that this is an issue.
1	How is asking "why" useful in any sense? 99 percent of the time the individual knows they made a mistake. Therefore, when a team mate says "why", the team mate then gets perceived as a total douche because there is an implication that he is defining the individual's mistake as completely retarded. Also, chances are that he will not have an opportunity to make that same mistake again AND you will  probably never be in a game with said individual.
0	How, in the unholy fuck would you have a loaded gun in your hands and still believe it to be unloaded as per your story?  Even in a dark closet I can tell if my Glock is loaded, because 1) the weight and 2) the trigger position. If you have a revolver it gets even more unbelievable.  Why the fuck would you keep a gun for home defense that you wouldn't keep loaded or at least very near a full magazine?  Doesn't sound like you're enough of a gun enthusiast to be using it for recreation, so what's the point of having it if you're just going to hope that the bullet fairies come through when you really need them.  Lastly, even if your situation was as you say it was, wouldn't you, in a situation like this, still go ahead and see if maybe, just maybe you had bullets already in your gun?
1	Teemo is surely stronger in that match up, the harass with its autoattacks and passive toxic shot is like a counter to your passive shield. And if you try to trade with a Teemo with your Q and E combo, I believe Teemo will always win the trade if the player knows how to kite.
1	Was doing some theorycrafting earlier, and with 600 AP + Liandry's + DFG, Malzahar can 100-0 practically anyone in the 2.5 seconds of his ult, including tanks.   >With 600 AP, just his QER does 2910 damage   >If you add Liandry's that's another 4% current health per second, say over 2.5 sec (ult duration) 10% current health W does another 35% max health over 2.5 secs   >If you have one double buffed (bonus AD and attack speed) pet and one single buffed (bonus AD) pet, that's another 960 damage in 2.5 secs   >So in 2.5 secs Malzahar can do 3870 damage + 10% current health + 35% max health with 600 AP + Liandry's   >With DFG that would be 3492 from QER, 960 from pets, 15% max health from DFG, 12% current health from Liandry's and 42% from his W   By those calculations above, he can burst a 5000 HP target for 7600 damage in 2.5 seconds. On a 10000 HP target it is 10750 damage, and on a 12k health target he can do 12010 damage.   While this is never going to happen (no one has 0 MR and 0 armour, and 10k health is impossible etc.) I just find it interesting how absurdly hard Malzahar can potentially burst. All these calculations were done only over 2.5 seconds, but his E over its full duration. If you gave him the full duration of his W, he'd do considerably more: with just 600 AP his W alone does 70% of a target's max health over 5 seconds.
1	You may be looking at it from the wrong perspective. Riot is currently unsatisfied with the state of invisible heroes like Eve because they change the way the entire game works without necessarily even being remotely close to fights. Since you have chosen to use Evelyn, it is correct to abuse this mechanic.   With other junglers your are required to "make the gank happen" (i.e. blow a ghost/flash then CC someone who is not necessarily very far out of position, then win a fight 2v1, 3v2 etc.) but with Evelyn this is not required. I suggest you spend as much time as possible while jungling simply watching the lanes and trying to figure out timings where the opposing team pulls themselves out of position, then punish them for it. Put a couple points into your stealth so you don't have to worry about duration and be patient about allowing the other team to make a mistake by going in for a last hit or trying to be too aggressive.
0	In terms of stereotypes, black guys have big dicks, whites have medium, and Asians have small. So does a halfrican have 3/4 of a black guys dick? I initially wanted to say halfricans would possess half the size of a black mans penis, but this is wrong because that would be a full white mans penis? But a halfrican is half white and half black, so they should logically have a larger penis than a full white man. This confused me for a short while, until I realised my mistake. To consider a scale from 10 to 0, the lowest "reading" would be 0, of course. I had been applying this logic to the penis stereotype, considering max. scale to be black dicks and min. scale to be Asian, but this is incorrect, as the scales are not directly related. Asians do not have 0 inches of penis, what I mean is that Asians are not the minimum scale of penis, as it is possible to receive values smaller than the average small penis stereotype. Soooo if a black big dick is then divided  by two to get half , this would give you white dicks, WRONG. Call back dicks10, white dicks5 (as they are average I.e. most likely mid point between huge black dicks and literally no dick) and Asian dicks as 2 (they are the smallest stereotyped dick, unfortunately smaller docks exist out with these limits). So to clarify my initial self question, halfricans half 50% black dick, 50% white dick, which would be a caramel dick.
1	Dont blame them, just go 15-0 in lane and outplay the entire enemy team (Im serious) You didnt state your rank, but as a diamond player myself, when I play in bronze-gold even a bit of plat. I can legit go 15-0 in lane. You just have to get a lot better then the people you play with or against if you want to SOLO carry. If you are better than the enemy bot lane you will usually gain elo. If you go 2-0 you will more more games then if you go 0-0 or if you go 0-0 you will win more games then if you go 0-2. Its simple math. Some games you cant win, some you can. Just focus on what YOU could have done better. Because as soon as you think "Damn, my team lost me this game." which they very well might have, but as soon as you think that, thats when you stop looking at your own mistakes. Even if those mistakes wouldnt have changed the outcome of the game, you still have to learn from your mistakes. Thanks why you should play ranked to LEARN rather then win.
0	Bruce Jenner was married to Kris Kardashian (mother of Rob, Kloe, Kourtney and Kim Kardashian). They were married for almost 25 years up to just a few weeks ago. Their divorced was finalized on March 23, 2015. Bruce and Kris had two kids: Kendall and Kylie. Additionally, when Keeping Up With the Kardashians was beginning in 2007, the Kardashians themselves weren't famous enough to bring in many viewers. Bruce was the one that got the show up and running using his fame from being such a great athlete. As the show went on and the Kardashians became more famous, he chose to start leaving the show's spotlight and now is barely on it at all.   The whole family has been very supportive of Bruce and his transitioning. He chose to watch the interview air with the Kardashian clan last night (according to tweets from the family).
1	There will be another team like White... Another team like SKT, though? That would be hard to pull off.  Please keep in mind I'm talking purely about statistical win/loss and the length of their undefeated run. While a case can be made about which team was stronger in their prime, SSW wasn't even close to SKT's long lasting dominance both abroad and domestically.   Keep in mind that SSW didn't happen overnight. It was a result of KR's coaching and infrastructure, both of which still exist. We won't see another dominate team filled with veterans each able to carry anytime soon, but after a year or so of development, it will happen eventually. Big offers from China won't come until they've proven themselves; it's a large reason why many like myself believe KR's rise is inevitable. KR teams have also seen the damage that can be done if you allow yourself to be poached; like they have done with Faker, they will be more willing to put together solid packages to keep the talent domestically.
0	I had a pretty fucking awesome coworker. The DM even commented saying that let him know if she was ever wanted to transfer back from Blankity, Blank that she could. She ended up transferring same position job over at Blankity, Blank. When she came back, she didn't go through proper procedure. She had to apply to the postion as a newcomer who has worked with the company which isn't bad since she had the position open, but she failed the test. Twice. She wasn't able to be hired. DM said he couldn't do shit about it too. Fucking hell, she's a damn good worker too.
0	Had a similar situation, I moved in with two best friends who I thought were still happily engaged. Nope, I found out a few days in that they had broken up and I was brought in as a band-aid to fix their relationship. We had all lived under one roof before and it was the super duper fun times of our lives but they weren't dating at the time so no tension. Anyway, they broke up but stayed roommates and "friends" and the feller would bring home girls on occasion and fuck them in their apartment and she held her tongue. She brings home one guy to hang out (not bang) and suddenly she's inconsiderate of his feelings. He'd also invent all these rules of friendship that she would have to maintain in order for him to consider them still "friends." Things like she would have to say good morning to him every day, say a random number of pleasantries a day, and put on an air of happiness at all times, oh and come out with him to bars and restaurants to be sociable. I end up "taking her side" because I keep calling him out on his bullshit passive aggressive tactics and because she's more sensible and less petty than him so of course, I'm conspiring to break them up to have her to myself. Eventually he finally boils over and explodes on her and I have to get between the two of them and she moves out that night. I stick around because my name is still on the lease.  I bailed on him as soon as I could because he had essentially burned every damn bridge between us and it took like 3 years for me to stop hating him enough to start talking again but we eventually became friends again. Now she's engaged to great guy and He's married to nice gal that made him way less of petty bitch, the two of them don't speak to each other but I still maintain friendship with both of them.
0	I have three degrees and a trade certificate, all in IT. Well, the last degree was a double major in business administration and computer science.   During my first two college diplomas, I networked a lot. I entered the IT club, became treasurer in second year, eventually was running things. We ran LAN parties and I had contacts with all sorts of companies to get sponsorships. My girlfriend was in the club too and we were doing this all side by side, contacting people, running the club.   NONE of it mattered. I couldn't find a job to save my life, and had to go back to school for yet another degree. Parents explained to me that getting an MBA requires a BComm first, and counts as an upgrade to the BComm, and no academic advisor corrected me when I asked about this, so I basically earned the same level of education a third time in a row when I should have just gone straight for an MBA. After graduating, parents suggested I upgrade to the MBA, further pushing back earnings by another few years. After this much school fuck that.   In any case, contacts still didn't help me in any way even after I got the business / comp sci degree - tried contacting companies again, telling them I now had programming, networking, business, and would love any opportunity to join their organization and hopefully work my way up. I could help in literally ANY aspect of their company. No one would even respond, let alone give me an interview.   Outside of the club, I got one interview in a company that I had done my work placement in for 8 months. They were only interested because I had made plans to improve network infrastructure that they were now actually implementing, and because my dad was a director of the company and pulled some strings to get the interview. The job went to someone who had worked in the industry for decades but was willing to take a steep pay cut and step into an entry level position. Again contacts and networking counted for nothing.   That is all employers care about: How long have you been doing this EXACT job, and how much of a pay cut are you willing to take in order to do the job for me now instead of for someone else?
1	hmm i disagree, being a fnatic fan. I started watching them in cs (as many people have) and continued to support them throughout each eSport the progress through. Whether it is CoD,CS,LoL Dota,SC2 what ever, i was there supporting. This is one of [if not] the most known eSport organizations out there.
0	I read your comment, went back and did an impression of Nicolas Cage saying this in my head, and it totally sounded like what I originally imagined this guy would sound like.
1	Ashe  is  however the only one who triggers these specific issues. From what I understand all of the other champs included just allow you to use a self-cast ability on other champs. The issue with Ashe is that it forces your champion to use a specific attack index. This index is the ult for some champs, and for Nasus it prevents him from using his Q active, since he's not performing a regular AA.
1	Many, if not all of the high ELO players say to choose a role. Hate to break this circlejerk, but I always play AD. Regardless of my position, I will call AD and regardless of what we have I will pick it. If someone doesn't dodge, I do.   People tell me to "never play ranked again," but that flies in the face of what actually good players say. People get real mad, but I don't change my role. I've gotten really good at AD.
1	Low tier runes can cost 5 to 35 IP. You can really only have 19 slots available to you before considering buying T3 runes. (1 slot per level, T3 runes unlocked at lv20)   With some math I'm sure someone can calc how much a page could cost, but just for the sake of the arguement I'm sure the most you'd probably end up spending at LV19 is about 1500 IP. That's less then T3 Quints.   Runes are pretty damn fair before you hit LV30 where you probably spent over 150 hours at this point. I hardly consider this "new". You're already hooked on the game.   Low tier runes cost almost nothing to begin with, it won't set you back to buy a rune or 5 every time you unlock a Rune Slot, you'll have a lot of leftover IP to buy pretty much any champ you want,  T3 Runes is where it sets you back but at this point you've spent a lot of time playing and already probably bought a skin or two.   Really once people have spent so much time in the game they are more willing to buy champs with RP because they save IP for T3 runes, and then buy a skin.
0	Some conditions, yes. But not perfectly. There are false positives and false negatives.   Other times, the parents can have their dna examined for problem markers and see what they share which might be carried down. This too, is not perfect because it's a matter of probability and well, the more we learn about how the genetic code works the more we find out it's as predictable as we hoped.   Of course, this testing is EXTRAVAGANTLY expensive and hugely propitiatory by the lab or institute doing the testing. You can bank on insurance not electing to pick up the tab for the average couple. It's generally after people have consistently birthed children within a family with genetic defect that they approach genetic counseling to see if having a child without the defect is possible.
0	It could've been worse. I had an argument with my ex because we were missing several hundred dollars from the house and it was pretty clear she had spent it on drugs (she had disappeared for a few days and came home wicked fucked up). She was drunk and got defensive. She said she was going to call the cops and tell them I had hit her and raped her. She began hitting herself in the face and ripping her collar before she grabbed the phone and called the police. I was pissed and ripped the phone from the wall (land line). Apparently the call went through because the police were out front minutes later and she ran out the door towards them screaming while I remained inside. I could hear her screaming her drunken tale to one of the many officers on scene. There were four cruisers outside with about eight cops, two of which were knocking on my door requesting to come inside. Before I opened the door I removed my rings and punched myself in my right ear several times, put my rings back on, and then opened the door. I calmly explained the situation but they said they were still going to have to bring me in until the situation could be sorted out. They then asked me why my face and ear were so red. I told them that she had struck me before she ran out the door. They asked if I wanted to press charges. No. Obviously not. The two officers told me that obviously they were dealing with the sober party, the other six officers were outside trying to calm my ex outside. They told me they had contacted one of her friends (ha, her fucking crack dealer ex-boyfriend) and he'd agreed to take her to stay with him for a few nights.  Great, no problem.  The cops I had been speaking with told me I was off the hook but if they ever had to return to deal with a domestic issue involving us again I would not be so lucky. They told me I'd be crazy not to pack my bags and leave her by morning. I did. Now I'm happily married and sober.
1	IMO his role is the same. Just a bit tricky to play   The way to build him IMO is Seraph's of course and ROA as core items. After that you need CDR cap, why? Simple, with 40% CDR you have ult every 1.8s at max rank. This way you can go in, damage with ult, E, W+AA, and go out with ult again. Q just to poke or if enemy tries to stop you during combo   I would probably build IBG, it gives you armor, AP, CDR, mana and enhanced AA. Mana is perfect for his ult scaling, armor is great for his shield (Don't needs MR cause his passive reduces magic damage taken), CDR is great as I said and the enhanced AA synegies pretty well with W. Frozen Hearth seems to be a good item too. Maybe 40% CDR could be from IBG+FH+DFG (10%+20%+10%, and you can get AS on masteries to make your W more efficient)
1	free to play, dude!   nah, I think what really sets those games apart is that in every mechanical and design decision S2 was following DotA very strong. Riot kind of tried to remove most elements that hinder people new to the genre to get started. When I tried HoN after playing LoL already quite some time, I didn't really get any easy visual feedback from the game.
1	Learn to last hit minions. It can be hard to last hit minions while avoiding damage from enemy champions, but last hitting is the single most important thing you can learn to do that will impact your game the most. Later you will notice that some roles on each team do not need to worry about last hitting as much (one champion known as the support generally shares bottom lane with a glass cannon physical damage dealer known as the ad carry, the supports job is to protect the adc and let the adc get all the last hits). But even a support can benefit from a solid understanding of last hitting ad it helps with more advanced lacking tactics later on.
1	assuming the die is perfectly cut.  This is fine for electronic dice, but for real dice, the faces need to be opposite to minimise unavoidable bias.
0	About a year ago, my mouth broke out in sores.  After consulting the "experts" at CVS, the pharmacist told me I had the herps.  I was furious.  I'd only been with two men at the time, and both had been kissless virgins before me.  I went to the doctor to get tested and ranted profusely because now I'm assuming I have a disease that, though mostly cosmetic, is going to be with me the rest of my life, and I saw no way I could have gotten it without one of my previous lovers cheating on me.   My doctor gave me a pat on the back and told me not to go get the shotgun just yet. He looked at me and said "herpes is so easy to spread and can take so long to show up.  You probably got it from grandma's kisses when you were little."   It wound up being an allergic reaction to something or other.  I still don't know what set it off, btw.
0	When I was seventeen I had a situation like this. Myself and my two best friends were at friend one's house. We decided since it was two a.m., and no one was up, it would be a good time to go out on the back porch and get as high as possible. We got our favorite bong and started just absolutely ripping it. Friend one hit it and cleared it, I did the same, then friend two's turn came. He went for it, and it seemed fine when he passed the bong, but then he started just hacking and coughing like he was going to vomit his insides out. Well friend one freaks out because he's been caught smoking before, and his parents will kill him if it happens again. Of course, not more than a minute later, out comes his dad. He goes into a blind rage, friend two and I run upstairs, and starts railing at friend one. Next thing we know he throws the bong against the wall, and it shatters with glass going everywhere. Friend two and I sat upstairs thinking our turn was just around the corner for over an hour. Eventually, once our heart rates returned to normal, and our high started to fall ever so slightly, we snuck out a window of the second story and I drove us home. I never went back over there after that.
1	I think I keep seeing you say the same stuff in every thread about this. I think you just really like moletrap?   torch was never really a caster, he was always like backstageish. Moletrap was the worst caster for sc2 ~   moletrap was constantly criticized for MORE THAN A YEAR and people BEGGED him to try to get better. just TRY a LITTLE bit.. but he didn't. He didn't play sc2, he doesn't play LoL. he doesn't care. i just don't want to have to listen to him AT ALL, if he is going to continue with LoL events then I am not going to watch them and that makes me sad.. but that's really all there is to it.
0	This talk about smartboards reminds me of one of my high school teachers.   Disclaimer:  What follows is a mostly rambling memory of something that happened in high school.  It's probably not that interesting to you.   He was an old guy, at least 60, and had been teaching all his life.  He knew a bit about how to surf the internet because he absolutely loved the news, and pretty much all you did in his class was watch news stories from all sorts of sources, especially [Democracy Now](  He didn't really know anything about any other kind of technology though.  He could barely get the VCR to work.   Anyway, he had a smart board in his room, which made absolutely no sense because he didn't share his classroom with any other teachers, and it just covered up half his white board that he was constantly writing on.  So one day in class he's writing up a storm of notes and runs out of room.  So he looks at the smart board and then at us students and says "I wonder if I can write on this thing?" we all told him no and he goes "I bet it'll come off."  So he writes a few sentences on the board, then stops and goes "I should probably see if this will erase before I keep going."  Well, what we learned that class is that dry erase marker doesn't come off a smart board.
1	If they gave you a badge once you crossed x ELO it would be the same. You would know you are "diamond" once your top Elo goes over the required for Diamond. No promo games, no BS, just hit x Elo get a tier badge.   The main problem with the league system is that it has no impact on matchmaking - it won't prefer to match you with people in your division, it won't prefer to match you with other people playing their promo games, it won't even use your rank in any way since it's not an accurate representation of your current MMR because you can't fall in to lower tier.   What's the actual benefit of divisions and league system when it changes nothing for matchmaking ?
1	Alright, Lets take a look at this. I'm going to give this a go. First there are only four different letters in the hint, "WASD" meaning "Up, Down, Left, Right". Then there are a corresponding series of numbers priors to the letters. Lets head to the "Champions" Tab of the League of Legend's Client. I will assume we start with Aatrox since he his the first champion of the list in Alphabetical order. "541daw" there are three numbers to three letters "5d" > "4a" > "1w" From Aatrox move 5 to the right to Aniva, 4 to the left to Ahri. "1w" "W" being "Up" I would assume since this is the top row means to go to the very bottom of the row on the same column. "1w" would land you on Wukong. "6s" down the column bringing you back up to Nasus. "5d" move 5 to the right to Olaf. "41a" move 41 to the left from Olaf will bring you to Nidalee. "6s" will bring you to Darius. Finally "5d" moving the final 5 spaces to the right of Darius would bring you to "Evelynn"  Evelynn's E: Ravage (Fourth letter of a skill in the kit begin with "A") Evelynn also lack skins
0	I think that is the real issue here with most of these people. And I was stuck in it too. Why can't I find something I like and make lots of money? You probably won't ever do that and you just gotta live with that. Like the dude making 85k and throwing up in the mornings and having nightmares. He makes almost double what I make now. I've recently downsized and it's afforded me to have a fuck it attitude. I know if I get fired or lose my job it will suck but my world won't end. I'll make it through and be ok. Before though I knew I'd have endless amounts of creditors haunting me and what would my neighbors think? What if I lose my McMansion? Now I don't give a damn. I don't live in "THE" neighborhood and sure my new next door neighbor has a Dale Earnhart #3 on his front porch but I'll have a roof over my head and food on the table and a reliable car. And I can look forward to my next adventure.   Good quote.
0	The difference is that I think Reddit's sexism comes from ignorance, not actually thinking women are inferior. The vocal majority of Reddit just doesn't understand the way that women operate and so they come across as being "crazy". I will admit that I feel this way some times too. Women are just on a different wave length than men, thus women think men are immature or pigs, while men think women are crazy. It's really just a difference in culture.   Yeah I will admit that I think women are crazy sometimes ("I think" being necessary here, because who am I to say if I am right or not), but the key factor is not to voice that in a specific situation. These guys on Reddit who think women are crazy, say "she wouldn't date me so she's a slut" or whine about being friendzoned need to step back and shut up about their thoughts on women. Even if "all women are crazy" you need to shut up about it, because no woman is going to be endeared to you when you say "Man, women are crazy"
0	It's a form of bumping a thread back up to the top of a forum. Also, if more people are having a problem, it might highlight it and draw the attention of someone who can help. Also also, if you reply to a thread and then a solution is posted in a reply, you might get notified depending on how the forum is set up.
1	Yeah I've experienced this. ^^I'm^bronze^though^...   Being serious here though, I've only played 9 games since being placed and literally in all but one of them there has been an afk, mostly on my teams but also on the enemy. During my placement games I only won 4 and those were because the enemy had one or two afk (I had and afk during that game as well)
1	The biggest thing for this, outside the "I don't want to lose LP argument," is the, "Why am I wasting 20 minutes," argument.   Well, really break this down now and the DOTA system doesn't actually help that at all.  I started MOBA's on the original DOTA, so when DOTA 2 started I tried it out, but found I liked LoL too much to fully switch back into DOTA.   What I DID find is that of the ~5 games I played, 3 of them had pre-5 minute leavers, 2 of which were consecutive occurrences.   The time "wasted" was not magically less than LoL.  ~5 minute queue time, ~5 minutes of champ select, Multiply this by about 3 for the abandoned champ selects, add in the ~5 minutes to load and abandon game, and recycle into a game in which I get to play.   So: 15 + 15 + 5 + 15 + 15 = 65 minutes to play a 5v5 game of DOTA 2.   To compare: ~.75 minutes for LoL, ~5 for champ select, dodging averages below 1 per queue for me so we will add ~50% to times here, ~20 to FF, recycle for 5v5 game.   So: 1 + 7.5 + 20 + 1 + 7.5 = ~37 minutes to play a full 5v5 of LoL, AND I still got to play for 20 minutes of that, even if at a disadvantage.
1	This is the first I've heard of these "high-demand" game modes like no-CD (Katarina/Garen 100% break the game, how fun) and 20k gold at start (5-AD teams don't sound all that interesting to me, though)... I think your definition of "plenty of demand" is skewed. A Reddit post with 100 upvotes means that 100 people thought it was an interesting idea. Same with forum threads. And it's EXACTLY THE POINT that they don't do this kind of thing due to low demand. It doesn't matter if you personally are frustrated, because Riot doesn't exist just to cater to you. I'm sure I could find 1000000000000000 people who are frustrated with a lack of the specific things they think LoL should include, but those people all have different demands, and no single demand would make enough of them happy to justify doing it.
0	A hispanic guy (George Zimmerman) profiled a black teen in his neighborhood as suspicious and basically stalked him even after speaking to a dispatcher that told him not to follow. Zimmerman was a wanna be cop and once he approached Trayvon he initiated confrontation as if he had any authority, they got into a fight and the teenager emerged victorious. Thats when Zimmerman pulled out his concealed carry and murdered the boy.  The verdict was made yesterday and Zimmerman was found not guilty.
0	One time I was in an elevator with my dog and my black neighbor in a black neighborhood (Hartford,CT) said "why is your dog staring at me? Is he racist?"   I have to admit, I was pissed and shocked. First of all, you're my neighbor my dog sees dozens of black people every day.   Next, how is a dog actually racist?   My blood still boils that a woman called Moxie racist.
0	This happened to me, when I was 13, the girls were all 10-12. I was at my grandparents' house in Poland, and I noticed lots of girls kept coming over to hang out with us. My cousin, age 10, later told me it was because they all had a crush on either me or my brother.  We also played tons of Minecraft, and a few of the girls ended up buying their own accounts.
0	Fuck you, it's delicious.
1	Wanna hear my experience, I was lowest silver 3 though, but really the situation is absolutely the same (even in gold here in EUNE -.-"). I basically got either trolled, or dudes just fed and didn't give shit about anything, someone trolled even in pregame so you had to leave, everybody raged, shat on you and stuff. The things you gotta learn are these:   *When you lose a game because of trolls, take a short break and chill pill.   *If someone annoys you, ignore him, that's like taking a turret or dragon.   *Try to specialize in things that aren't common (support,jungle,adc -->in this order)   *Always adapt (AKA pick support if needed)   Your elo will rise rapidly, trust me been there done that, even I thought I'll stop playing, but I started playing things that are op and good for solo queue, that is just the fastest way to win (as a support u can really feed carry as lulu/thresh/taric/blitz ok taric is a bit nerfed). Just keep calm and don't let them get to you   AND get a duo queue partner, it will help you adapt to ranked games, trust me, possibly someone with good attitude, cause I got friends with bad attitude, I just don't play duo with them
0	Actually I have to disagree. America is a long way from becoming a third world country, but not for the reasons most people think. The reason why claiming America is becoming a third world country is silly lies within the definition of a third world country.   Third World countries are countries whose views and political goals do not align with America and NATO nor with the Communist Bloc. They are generally small countries with out much political power, but it's not their lack of development that defines them as third world.   Second World countries are countries who belong to the communist bloc. These have really dwindled since the fall of russian communism.   First World countries are are countries that align with America and NATO.   [Three World's Theory](   Now one could argue there's been an etymology change and that First World means developed or rich nations and Third World means poor nations, and the Second World is simply forgotten. Personally I find this to stray too far from the original concept, but I cannot argue against the fact that that is how it is often used in casual conversation today. However people claiming the "The US is becoming a third world country" are still wrong even in this context. People saying that are generally saying we're losing our democracy, civil liberties and/or civil liberties; they generally think we're becoming how we perceive China to be. While China might be what we consider a police state, it is not an undeveloped nor a poor country as a whole. So it would not be categorized as a third world country in either the original sense or in the new sense. Nor is the US in any position to really quickly lose it's place as the world's largest economy. If the US were to cut it's GDP in half we'd still be pretty much neck in neck for first place with China as it's economy stands today (and face, if the US GDP fell by half it would wreck China's GDP as well).
0	One lesson I have learned about myself:  I can't take notes.  I have incredibly low reading comprehension.  If you read it to me or if I see it in a video or powerpoint presentation I will remember it forever.   I tried to take notes for years and all it did was hinder my learning.  If I just sit there and pay attention I remember 99% of what the teacher says and does.  If I do take notes I am too busy doing that and I end up not remembering anything.
1	You do have some good arguments there. But about Lux, I would consider her passive to be quite counterproductive, if you will. She is arguably a long range mage, so therefore why would her passive be proc'd through AAs? This seems to be very ironic because getting that close to an enemy champion to get that little bit of extra damage would just not be possible. Don't get me wrong though, her passive will help you establish lane dominance early game if used correctly.
0	Oh god. This instantly reminded me of my afternoon poop at work a few days ago. I went in the empty bathroom, three stalls. Within a minute of starting the bathroom door opens. I just figured I'd wait it out like I normally do. Well, it happens to be a mother and her daughter. The daughter gets into the stall and is obviously pooping. The mother, standing outside the stalls is giving the daughter words of encouragement. "Go Sofie! You can do it Sofie! How you doing girl?" "Still pooping mom! Plenty to go!" meanwhile, I've finished and am horrified in the next stall over. 15 minutes later...they left. I went back to work with a look of fear.
0	I think the real que here is that it was a girl. Women are bad at everything, driving, not being bitches, and making good decisions about men. And around women, men think with their dicks, so you get equal levels of stupidity and babies are made.
1	Eh im not sure about the hubaloo about flask. Sure it can stop you from getting pushed out of lane, but its usefulness really doesnt scale very well. It also delays your damage items, meaning you lose trades more and delays boots, meaning you get hit by skillshots more. If you think about it that way, it really only delays you getting pushed out of lane, and slows down snowballing. Also knowing that, why wouldnt the jungler camp a solo lane that has flask? And if flask+ ward+ potions is common just get pink, and then press the advantage?
0	Let us add all of this up.   The time it takes to tell each individual episode orally to his kids would obviously be longer than the episode itself, so even if each episode is half an hour long, it was take at least 45 minutes to describe the story of each episode with even basic detail.   There are currently 184 episodes, lets say they last 20-25 minutes a pop. That means the total amount of time Ted has spent telling this story so far has been: 4600 minutes = 76 hours, 76 hours = almost 4 days.   Any sensible teenager would have walked away at that point but Teds children havent, most likely due to fear of a violent backlash emerging from their fathers violent nature which comes from seeing one of his best friends happily coupled since college, his other best friend nailing everything in sight only to eventually be married to the woman he once loved while Ted himself has suffered years of failed relationships.   He has sat his children down and forced them to listen to an extremely long diatribe in regards to their own origin and the reason behind Teds suffering, most likely Ted wishes to give them an understanding of the reasons behind his actions in order to justify killing them as they are a result of years of pain and anguish, they are the fruits of his suffering.
0	yeah, that makes it kind of easier.  This is what you do.   Contact Facilities Management and setup a new ticket.  Each building has one, they replace lightbulbs and hire plumbers.  They deal with any facilities issue.  Usually you can setup a ticket with your manager or direct supervisor.  Someone you work with should know how to contact them.  They'll hire a plumber to open it up and see if it's there.  Chances are, that ring is just sitting there waiting for someone.  If no one does anything, it could be there for YEARS, if not longer.
1	the only issue is that there are teams of people that work in the stages of champion production that have nowhere else to do. For example how can somebody who animates character models be expected to be able to just start coding a new client. It is because of this that champion production can never stop unless several people are fired or massive relocations are done to the refurbishing of older champs and other areas in which their skill base is useful. Also champions make money e.g. i payed RP for the new champ to get his skin today. Had they come out with a new client instead Riot may have had positive feedback from the community but wouldn't have received my money, something their business model is 100% dependant on.
1	Personally, I think double lift has great mechanics.  But at the same time, most LCS players do, that's why they're LCS.  The reason DL shines, again IMO, is because he's force fed every single game he plays competitively.  People realize that CLG like to drag games out, but they don't realize it's not only because DL likes late game hyper carries, it's because the ENTIRE composition is based on protecting him.  No one watches a replay and is like "Holy shit that flash Malphite Q saved his life" but it'll make front page when its "Fed DL 2v1s squishy champions and dies, but still gets 2 kills"   I'm not saying he's a bad player by any means, he's just not like a korean level god in the role.
0	which it sounds like it is. I'm siding with OP on this one because I've had black people be racist towards me. I was a 6th grader when I first experienced racist remarks towards me. I was a chubby mixed kid (white/south American) and some black guy called me a wetback because I walked in front of him. I recall how shocked I was because here I am transitioning from happy go-lucky elementary school to this situation. In High School I had the pleasure of facing the very same person in a wrestling match. Broke his nose when I went in for a double leg takedown because i went for a head but. He was DQ'ed because they couldn't control his bleeding after he ran out of timeout time. I didn't shake his hand and I told him why. It didn't matter that he was black but unfortunately for me, I link that specific scenario, like others do with other things, to black people. [most of the time when they don't seem approachable]. I know it's wrong but it's something that I can't really control.
1	The thing is you need to look deep into the system to understand the flaws : The system is ruled by Elo rating. Elo is ( not including special modifications from riot ) theoretically a representation of level AND expected outcome : it is made so that a team of 2200 Elo players will have let's say ( made up ) 55% chances of winning against a 2100 Elo players team. And same chances for 2100 against 2000  Now there's the gain. Gain comes from expected outcomes: if you are D5 at 2000 Elo you'll win more Elo for beating 2100 Elo players than what you lose for a defeat, and they may win less in case of victory and lose more in case of defeat.  Furthermore, the system has mmr thresholds for divisions ( if you're above you'll win more lp and if you're below you'll win les. Revert for losses ).  Then 2 factors have to be taken into account: there's a finite number of players at the top tiers. So instead of reflecting only mmr the system is also a filter for master/challenger.  Then the system is very forgiving when demoting. To be more efficient the system should kick on any 0 LP loss if your mmr is under the threshold and keep you in if its over.  Lastly, the system has a harder time to get equal mmr on both teams. So you can have let's say 70% win, but all against lower mmr team, and have only defeats vs your level. The system gave you little mmr for wins and made you lose way more for defeats.
0	Don't be... at 24 I was married, graduated from college, working a 9-5, and bought a house... we ended up separated because I finally had the freedom to make choices for myself and realized that wasn't what I wanted...
1	his base ad was lowered, his passive poison damage was lowered early, and the biggest nerf to the rat was that it now takes 6 seconds of time to stealth if any damage is being dealt so basically any ignite guarantees that you don't stealth 6 seconds (as opposed to 3 in prior patches) which kills off most escaping chances.
0	While playing outside and having adventures is good fun, I feel that a lot of such perceptions come from nostalgia, and not the fact that they're inherently better. When you were younger, things you did probably carried more 'weight', and this all aggregated into your definition of your childhood. Similarly, your brother has different things that that also carry 'weight' and make up  his  childhood.   Ultimately, its about striking a balance, but that balance is different for everyone, as certain people place priority over different hobbies and activities.   Remember how nostalgic and old your elders seemed, always talking about how back in their day, things were different etc etc? You're just going to become as bitter and resentful as them if you don't understand that as society and technology changes, interests and definitions of fun do as well.
1	Karma  People may see her as a support, but to me she is ridiculously versatile. Her base damage is amazing, so when you build ap it's wow. Lock down people with snare, aoe slow, aoe speed up that is also a shield, healing snare.   Ezreal  My favorite adc. He has mobility, can throw down the damage, can build to kite, or build to chase. Global ult, attack speed increase passive, and can speed up teamates attack speed.   Elise  Her kit has so much. Hp based Q, stun, attack buff, spider that can scout and damage,  and Rapell over walls.
1	I hope this gets more attention here too:   You might be right (can't objectively judge the OPs motivation). I still see no reason though why his opponent would even join a solo queue game at the default time. If anything, that was totally sloppy by hashinshin.   I like the "good sportsmanship" attitude, and trust me I play by them myself - avoiding to kill dc'ed people etc.   But I do feel that if e-sports want to be taken more seriously they need to start establishing  fixed rules  with literally  no exceptions , same as all other professional sports do.   E.g. if you play football (soccer, not american) and you run into someone at full speed, knowing full well that you might break his legs, that is not really considered sportsmanlike - but if you happen to touch the ball first it will still be 'fair play' by the rules, thus your team would win the game..if that was what it took to get the last goal.   I remember some tournament where only after several matches were already played and it came to the first tie, Riot announced that 'time to win' would be the tie breaker. As far as I know that was not officially stated as a rule beforehand, thus giving the teams that played the earlier matches a potential disadvantage, since they did not know that they would gain more by running fast, early win strategies.   Regarding the rules: if the rules do not state what happens when the match gets delayed by one person to a point close before the result deadline, then the only one really to blame is the host/curse. It should be their job to fix this issue by organizing a new 1v1 for those guys + getting their ruleset fixed asap. The 'unsportsmanlike behavior' rule quoted is way to non-specific and can be used for pretty much anything: both OP and his opponent can claim the other guy acted 'unsportsmanlike' - OP for not waiting, his opponent for not being ready in time.
1	Im pretty sure the 'almost never worth it' applies.  One thing that players fail to recognize is that it is more important that the enemy team DOESNT get gold than it is that you DO get gold. Play safe, farm up, wait for them to make mistakes, and the gold will come.   Tower diving at 20% hp because you are riven and you just hit level 6 and you think you can but then you get withered and nasus ults to get just barely enough hp and then 4 tower shots and...oh he got the kill and you died. Not worth.   There's a reason you see most tournament games end with low kill counts. Because its better to play it safe than be the tower diving riven who thought she could who is 2/9/1 as the word "DEFEAT" shows up on her screen.
1	How i dealt with it?   Gaming is my hobby and i like it. Why i don't socialize as much as others? My classmates/colleagues enjoy getting shitfaced every friday-sunday, whereas I really dont fancy drinking. What do you think is better for me and my future; game where i train my on-point decision making or "party animals" who get drunk, fuck each other and get pregnant/sick/whatever happens from unprotected sex.   After you did some sort of that intro (make it fit your parents, you know them and you know what will actually make them think) add something along the line:   I am a successful student one thing you should do is to be proud of me and let me develop as a human being by myself. Keeping me in "cage" will never help me develop and understand what is better for me.   Why I tell that to you?   I had similar problem but when i was 16. I was playing WOW a lot and for my parents it looked like I am not studying. So they were threatening me that if i won't study I won't get to University and blah blah blah. Even though I told them that I am best student in my class they didn't really believe me until my graduation (i was 18.5 by that time) where they finally saw my diploma. Same day I got accepted to University abroad.  After I just told them to trust me because I know what I am doing. Since then I never had problems with "gaming".
1	I thought I used 4 fingers for QWER but I just realized that I normally have my pinky on the Shift key and I rest my ring finger on Q, middle finger on W and index on R (I use my index for E and T (for /laugh) as well), and my thumb rests on the space bar. I shift-cast a lot and I don't attack move, which might explain it. (Pinky for Ctrl and thumb for Alt when I need to)   For item actives, I use my ring finger for 1, middle finger for 2 and 3 and I rarely put actives on 4/5/6 lol.
0	im prepared for the down votes: sadly we will treat it like Iraq or Afghanistan. We will try to 'liberate the people' causing massive amounts of preventable deaths on our side instead of taking a more.... winnable approach that involves getting rid of our excess military payload like a fire sale.   i know the common NK person isn't really to blame, they are just stuck in a shitty situation. However once any form of war breaks out those people will lose relatives and loved ones on a massive scale. If my family members were getting killed by a foreign force that I had grown up being told was the anti-christ I would develop a deep hatred instead of my standard disapproving apathy.
0	I'm actually having a hard time finding this fake quote. Anyone got a link or
1	It's not too late the mode can still be salvaged..Though when we take into account all the other things their Dev team have to do or more precisely what we want them to do. Dominion is probably very low on that agenda.   Dominion also has that x-factor what if having a ranked queue did make it popular?..Riot would then be faced with a balancing shit storm from years of neglect that no designer there probably wants to tackle at this present time.   I think once Summoners Rift finds a stable balance where their live design team aren't having to change stuff every moment and once they finish up with their visual upgrade of summoners rift..   It wouldn't surprise me if sometime next year the Rioters sit down and have a serious discussion about what they want to do with Dominion for the forseeable future if they haven't done so already...   It's out there so regardless of whether Riot like it or not it has it's fans. They need to weigh up the pros and cons. Is it going to get in the way of their core game or can they find room to adequately accommodate it?.
1	Not to feed anything but seriously? Avicii is one of the most popular electronic producers in the history of the genre and just because he recently (the last two years) started to get played on the radio doesn't diminish his producing skill.   He was headlining festivals before Levels came out in 2012 and  to quote an aritcle  and you know it's an Avicii song due to that very sound and the way he structures his song.   I don't even like the guy that much but saying he's not a legitimately talented produced is like saying Skrillex ruined dubstep and is a terrible producer and can only do bro-step blah blah blah
0	Years ago I was in a club, drunk and attempting to dance. I have a wide frame/big shoulders and am not exactly coordinated when drunk at the best of times, forget trying to do some kind of dancing..   Anyway, girl wanders by with drink which I subsequently knock out of her hand. Whoops. My bad. I mean she shouldn't really have had a drink there anyway but oh well. So I apologise and ask if I can replace the drink, she says no, I offer her money instead so she can get one herself. Again no. OK whatever, back to pretending to be able to dance.   A few minutes later I get approached by one of the girls friends who starts to chew me out for 'not being careful'. I just told her I offered to replace the drink, what the hell else did she want me to do? Her response? "Oh so first you spill her drink and then you hit on her?"   Was somewhat floored at her conclusion, but at that point just told her to fuck off and went back to my friends. But I still can't believe that she could interpret that as hitting on someone. I didn't approach her, I offered to replace a drink I spilled - I would have done the same for literally anybody in the same situation.
1	mistake #uno it is impossible to get demoted a tier aka silver to bronze unless you are inactive for set amounts of weeks , mistake #deuce the system doesnt lie it'll always place you with people around your " skill level " the fact the you are supposedly being place with bronze 5 means you deserve to be placed with them and if you deny so yet can't carry bronze players while being a silver player yourself only tells me you got carried through most of your placements thus cannot carry thy self vs the almighty bronze players thus your how do i say .... your TRUE skill level is being shown now that you arent being carried am i right or am i right ? but ye
1	If you're playing someone like vayne or karthus, yes waiting for late game and playing passively is what you're going to want to do if you're not getting ganks. But what if the enemy is playing vayne or karthus. All you're doing by ignoring them is you're allowing them to get to that point sooner. If they don't ward and they continue to not ward, your ability to ward is not stopped. You can tell them to ward and if they still don't well, unless you want the enemy lane to get farther ahead. What if that lane that got beat early is now still being an idiot instead of being passive? Yes it is his fault for continuing but everyone else who is ahead is also at fault for not at least trying to help by roaming. Mid lane the most if they are ahead. The opposite lane the least for being far away. Well lets say their jungle got a double kill early. Well fuck if you meet him in his jungle now. Lets say he doesn't and you do successfully take him out of the game. That doesn't mean the lanes aren't going to win without him. If lanes are ahead, they will take full advantage of that situation unless they throw it somehow.
1	Yasuo being overpowered is a good thing. Before you string me up, let me explain why.   For the longest time, the LoL community has been complaining that melee carries like Master Yi and Fiora were too weak. Many countless threads were made asking for a melee carry that had A) a defensive ability, B) mobility to get in and out reliably, and C) some form of CC so he wasn't just a damage bot, while all at the same time not being right-click button masher like Yi and Fiora.   Yasuo is exactly what people have wanted for so long. And now that they see what it is they were asking for, they're backpedaling and saying "Whoa, why would you do that?!"   Why? Because a strong melee carry has been a major desire of the community for  years . Riot tried to give people what they were asking for with Fiora, but she fell on her face. Now at round 2, Yasuo has come and is making the LoL community cry tears of blood.   The LoL community is overall the most self-entitled and whiniest group of children I've ever encountered. I know that Yasuo alone will never make them understand that what they were asking for was simply unrealistic, but it sure cant hurt.
0	What? That's absurd. What kind of problems can be solved by talking? It's literally just pushing air past your windpipe. What they need is an ass-whooping, just like the kind they gave you when you misbehaved.
0	I don't get the whole "my vote doesn't count" thing. Local elections have huge potential to affect your life, and even just narrowing the gap between parties may cause future candidates to compromise on issues to gain votes. Voting 3rd party isn't throwing away your vote, its voicing your opinion that more than 2 parties should exist. Its going to take a lot of people with this attitude if we ever want more than the 2 party system. Not voting perpetuates the notion that your state is red r blue, and doesn't need to be campaigned in.   /end rant
1	I've played against Quinn at Plat 1. I've beat 2 myself with Nasus (which is hilarious) and I've seen them get generally demolished on stream.   Probuilds tracks Challenger MMR Quinn games, here's a list. It's not exactly impressive.   She's picked so rarely that she isn't even in op.gg's Challenger list for the past 30 days. Her win rate does actually increase by elo (it finally passes 50% win rate at Diamond, disappears entirely at challenger), but her pick rate plummets. So it's just the usual issue of a handful of Quinn mains sliding the scale on a champion that nobody plays.   If you want the Range + Blind or Split Push safety just pick Teemo. He can at least contribute to teamfights and objective control. Quinn's only purpose for existing is solo pushing towers and bird forming to duel or escape. Jax can do that every 20 seconds a creep wave arrives behind him, Quinn has to burn her ultimate CD.
1	I added that to the post, sorry guys i'm a newb, i didn't even know what
1	Malzahar has been corrupted by the Void- a chaotic realm of nightmares separated from the world by reality. He is constantly trying to bring about the void into the real world; Chogath and Kogmaw being creatures who have managed to escape and manifest themselves in the world (Kogmaw was directly helped by Malzahar I believe).   Kassadin has stared into the void and retained his sanity (unlike Malzahar). Only person to be aware of the magnitude of the Void-born threat, Kassadin is the sole defender of Rune-Terra from the terrors of the void.   The mages of the League will not cooperate with Kassadin because they believe Kassadin is the crazy one.
0	One: the father helped defend OJ.   Two: Kim was a personal shopper for either Paris or Brandy or both   Three: Kim's name was out there because of her ties to other reality stars and who her dad was.  She got her picture taken by paparazzi and was invited to the right parties.   Four: Kim filmed a sex tape with her boyfriend Rayj, it was released.  It's debated as to why and whom released it.  Many think Kim consented to it because Paris' tape sky rocketed her in popularity.   Five: reality show starts, focuses on her and her family.   Ok so that is a brief history of how, I'm sure I am missing things...let me explain why.   Why: there is always a fascination with people whom seemed to live a lifestyle that many want.  Whom hasn't dreamed about being rich, partying with celebrities, wearing expensive name brand clothing, buying expensive things, and living luxuriously?  Granted, many of us out there don't care about that stuff (raises hand) but I guarantee you everyone has thought and dreamed about it at least once.   For many people, they get hooked watching their "lives."  Like many reality shows, I'm sure parts of it are fake and dramatized which causes repeat viewers/fans.  It's also fascinating to some to be able to see a life style that many of us will never have or even experience second hand.   I'm not a fan, I don't like them, but I get why shows like their or those real housewives garbage get viewers.  Shows like that are not going to go away because they do get ratings and advertisers line up to air a commercial during the show.
0	i have pulled my weapon on someone twice, and both times it took a lot of convincing to get them to back down. Even after they are looking down the barrel of a loaded gun, never doubt how far someone is willing to test you.
1	Leaguepedia.com/wiki/Team_Solo_Mid   Leaguepedia.com/wiki/bischu
0	This completely depends on whether you have chosen to opt in or out of a federal regulation, called Regulation E.  The Electronic Fund Transfer Act, or Regulation E, is an act passed by Congress that "establishes the rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of participants in electronic fund transfer systems," which include transfers from an ATM, telephone bill-payment services, preauthorized transfers to or from an account and point of sale transfer in stores.   In 2010 a significant amendment to Reg E went into effect that prohibits financial institutions from charging consumer fees for paying overdrafts on ATMs and debit card transactions  unless  a consumer consents or opts in, to the overdraft service of those type of transactions.
0	Oh my god I had a similar aggravating experience.   I had service under my name at an apartment I shared with a friend. Moved out, roommate's gf (mutual friend) moved in, and we switched everything to her name. Or so we thought. 3 years later I'm moving into a new place (on the opposite coast of the US) where I have to put the internet in my name and when I give them my phone number, "Oh, you still have an account open at (old apartment address). Did you want to return the equipment?" What.
1	This is probably the best patch of League of Legends I've ever experienced since no 2 champions are completely dominating a lane/role.   Anybody does the job well in ADC. BT rush has been demolished in favor of either TF, IE or BORK rush. This allows many champions to get into the "meta" such as Jinx & Kog for hypercarries, Vayne for tank buster, Graves & Lucian for lanebully and other adcs for more niche situations.   Midlane has become the lane where you play whoever the hell can deal above average damage. We have recently seen champions like Jarvan IV and Urgot come into play where they handle immobile comps by catching people out and bursting them down. Assassin champions like Leblanc still terrorize soloq, and mage champions like Karthus and Xerath still make their appearances.
1	I ve followed my favourite team ever since the team formed back in 2011 under the name Absolute Legends. To begin i was kinda unaware who all the players were but having seen 2 of the players in a previous team i was confident in their choice. It was not long before the team found themselves under a new name and soon after completely alongside this orginization alone. Not long after Moscow 5 became sorta the Kings of Europe and no one believe anyone could beat them, however some believe if this team was given the chance to compete they would be the saviours that would show that Europe had more to offer then one team, that all the talent had no been placed in one team and the month before Dreamhack they reached out to their fans in hopes of being able to prove their strength in a LAN.   With the support of their fans they were allowed to travel to Dreamhack in Jnkping, Sweden and ended up winning not only with any match but with what is still considered the biggest comeback to date. Their story something of an underdogs where they suddenly approached and were allowed to show their talent. Their next challenge placed them in Korea for the OGN where they faced off against what was considered the best teams from the best region and they earned themselves 2nd place, and then onto the World Finals where they placed 3rd.   Despite their somewhat weaker performance in the LCS i believe them to be the best team out there, and their current state can just be seen as the second act where in the first the challengers rise to the top, then as they become comfortable they soon become overtaken by new talent and now workt their way to once again achieve victory.
0	Ok, Im new to this reddit game so i'm not sure if replying like this lets everybody know OP is no fag but here goes.   Basically i've spent the last 6 months working in a laboratory as part of my M.Sc course trying to work out a therapeutic cure for malaria by investigating the calcium dependent signalling pathway. Im a good student so i work on things in the time allocated, so id been perfecting it for 6 months   So on my last night at uni (I reiterate LAST NIGHT) its the summer ball, so we lock our doors and head out all suited up looking fancy fly having a great night out. I come home, and notice nothing is wrong, i'm pretty drunk and cant find my laptop, so im like, its probably  somewhere  and just got to sleep. I awake the next day and cant find the fucking thing and so i call the police. Then basically, the equivalent of detective Phelps comes over to my house; Gloves, Pen to poke things with, you name it.   It turns out, some burglars climbed up my drain pipe, jimmyed open a window, crept in a nicked everyones laptops out of their room and left everything else. On that laptop was my Thesis, and with that 10,000 words went POOF as like a moron i didn't back it up   Since then i've been working frantically to get it done, but i havnt been able to, so i ring my course conveyor begging for an extra week or so. He was literally, like, WOAH, calm down man. its fine, have an extra 3 weeks, just make sure you get it done.   What a G.
0	Yeah, I feel like if more people had been like the Founding Fathers since the founding of the US, there would have been crazy ass revolution, bloodshed, and regime change every few decades. Think about it; the Founding Fathers were BRITISH COLONISTS, who got upset over Britain establishing too much control....over one of their COLONIES. These people were British, living on land that, to everyone but the Native Americans, was essentially Britain. Getting upset over the Quartering Act would be like a Hawaiian getting upset over giving quarter to a Marine, if we still did that sort of thing.
1	You should be able to climb with a 51% win rate. Series however forces you you randomly have to be able to succeed with a 66% win rate, making it unnecessarily more stressful at random intervals in ranked.   I do not disagree that promos are stressful and may be problematic.  However, I want to point out some not so intuitive math behind the chance of winning your promos. Naturally, people might think, I have to win 2 out of 3 games, meaning I need a 66% win rate. If I have a 51% win rate, the odds are stacked against me!  Not so!   Here are the possible promo scenarios (W: win, L: loss):     W W   W L W    W L L    L W W    L W L    L L      If you have a 51% win rate shown over a large amount of games (Probability of W = 51%, Probability of L = 49%) what are my chances of winning my promos?  The answer might surprise you.   Scenarios 1, 2, and 4 will get you out.  The chance of each scenario is:     W W (Probability: 0.510.51 = 0.2601)   W L W (Probability: 0.510.490.51 = 0.127449)   W L L (Probability: 0.510.490.49 = 0.122451)   L W W (Probability: 0.490.510.51 =0.127449 )   L W L (Probability: 0.490.510.49 = 0.122451)   L L (Probability: 0.490.49 = 0.2401)     The chance of getting scenario 1, 2, OR 4 with your win rate of 51% is then:   0.2601 + 0.127449 + 0.127449 =  51.4998%   A chance  higher  than your win rate!
1	I've had games where I just got defaulted top lane, and the only real top laner I run is teemo.  I'm 8-1 with teemo, so it's not like I'm a shitty player with him, but I was going to get counterpicked because of the pick order.  So I dealt with it.  I got shit on in lane, not because of the Jax I was facing, but because of the constant 3 people camping my lane.  Their jungle and mid felt top was their home as well.  I started the game 0-4 I believe, but what they did was essentially allow my team to 4v2 their bot lane all game.  ADC and Mid got fed, and shut down their adc so hard that late game I could 3 shot him with a hybrid AP/tanky build on the yordle.   I apologized for getting caught and overextending one or two times when I shouldn't have, but the team kept a level head for the most part, realized I was getting tower dove by 3 people constantly, and we won the game fairly easy because even though I was 1-6 before we started team fighting, I was still farming decently, and gaining map control with shrooms in their jungle and through the river.  I ended the game 5-10-15 I think.  But I build fairly tanky, and since they were focusing me, and not the mid/adc on my team that were fed, we were winning team fights so easily that 1 for 5 was a consistent trade.   My jungler left my lane alone when I started losing because he knew it wasn't worth giving them more kills in an attempt to save me against 3 man tower dives the entire game.  I didn't get angry at him, I knew what he had to do, I think that fact made the rest of the team react in a nicer way to me as well.
1	That's because a lot of people are all about having the most kb's, and don't think of it as a team game.  It's really popular in a lot of mission based FPS.  A lot of people are clouded that in order to win, they have to get the most kills, regardless of what the team actually needs (Medic, tank, support, etc).   I play Blitz a lot, just to solo towers, initiate and turn the tide, making it a 4v5.  I have a blast even though Blitz isn't going to get a lot of kills (if any at all).   Earlier I played a ranked game as blitz.  Someone "called" caitlyn, and someone else picked her.  A third person outside of these two, said "wow what a douche, I'm going to troll now so you lose".  Selected Karthas, picked revive and ghost, and then said he was going AD.  I was playing with a friend (who was Lux), and we dominated the other team.  The three quarreled about not giving so and so Caitlyn, but then asked why they all were so hung up on a bad dps, and not actually contributing to the team and selecting a tank they said "you are 4/3(/8)" Blitz, you have no room to talk.  This is why.  They assume because my actual killing blows wasn't high (when as a team, we had 14 kills), that I had made it possible to fight.
1	The stupid obstacles your talking about is literally playing 20 games to unlock a champion. Is 10 champions every week not enough for the people who don't want to spend RP (or IP for whatever reason)?   So let me get this straight you playing a game where champions or heros are the core content of the game. They are literally the most important part of the game. The way they interact with other hero's the diversity among them. And you find it acceptable to grind or pay your way to the biggest part of a game. 10 hero's free is less than 10% of Leagues hero pool its not enough. If I could pay a flat 60$ for all the champion I would and I might consider playing league again. But grinding out the most important part of the game is stupid. Whereas in dota I click install and every hero is available to me immediately. Don't tell grinding champions is OK. Because its not.   >The piece of crap client isn't a mistake. Let me note LoL was created YEARS before Dota 2 was even announced, making a lot of the tech NOT innovative. If the game is running on a worse engine, it makes many things significantly harder to adjust.   1 everything possible gameplay wise in dota 2 exists in Warcraft dota 1. Its all possible in a 10 year old game. Hell Warcraft 3 dota had functioning replays which league still does not have. Also voice chat has existed for decades on PC gaming and the "most popular " PC game does not support it???? Because its "toxic" bullshit. The reason replay or voice chat doesn't exist is because its a shit game.   Riot may release a updated client and engine but it will still be light years behind source a engine that was created by a company with a  3rd of the staff riot has. Hell source was a fps engine now its being used for a ARTS. And is being updated into source 2 while nothing was wrong with it in the first play.
1	I managed to stay positive by mostly just trying to laugh at everything xD. For example if a riven 1v2s the jungle and top then carrys the game I just laugh at how the riven made this massive out play.
1	Not receiving praise when it's justified is also another difficulty of the support role. Frankly, if somebody can't deal with the lack of appreciation for playing support, they shouldn't play that role at all.   If players really want to correct the lack of praise issue among supports, they should also work to correct issues faced by other roles, such as junglers being blamed for not helping a lane when ALL lanes are losing, or people yelling at ADCs for focusing the enemy tank when the ADC lacks team peel. I just don't think praising supports should be a prioritized improvement in solo-queue when so many other issues exist.   Personally, I've mostly formed good bonds between my ADC and I. Anytime I receive praise from my ADC or anyone else, I know I've earned it. Even if they do not praise me for accomplishing a play, I feel sufficiently satisfied knowing that the play increased my chance of winning. I do not need the approval of 4 strangers to bust my ass supporting.
0	Rule #1: Just because you are a male, does not mean you need constant "coaching" at cooking. Especially if you are a professional chef. It's also not "cute" when a male is trying to cook, and obviously has the right experience and knowledge...   Rule #2: Do not assume you are better at cooking from other people just because you have been cooking for a long while. There is a huge difference between a cook and a chef.
0	I actually tried the app itself, and it didn't even change how the gifs load.
0	Actually, Ed Milliband is arguably the biggest scumbag on this. Or peter mandelson.   The coalition raised tuition fees as the Browne review (commissioned by Labour in 2009) recommended that they did- Ed Milliband wrote the Labour 2010 manifesto, in which they said nothing on how to fund extra university places, but which hinted at employing the changes from the review. Peter Mandelson heavily implied this, and in the election campaign Gordon Brown and others argued that "we can't tell you how we're going to fund this- that's why we're waiting for the Lord Browne's review, which we shall implement".   So the coalition confirmed a review that Labour commissioned, and which Ed Milliband had a hand in supporting, both actively in parliament and passively in the manifesto, and only after they lost the election and he became leader, seeing how unpopular it was, suggested a graduate tax- the Lib Dem's idea before the election.
1	You are mistaking. k0u acts like this because he is delusional. Players you mentioned don't act like this at all, and if they sometimes show their ego, they are able to back it up with real deeds. Contrary to k0u.   Young players act like they have won worlds, when in reality they have only challenger badge from rankeds. For less than year. And under any pressure they start to collapse. Team requires from you to change yourself? Fuck this team.   I understand that you can disagree and hate personalities of players you mentioned, but they don't act like a k0u. If teammates, coaches will ask them to do something, they will do it. Theay want to play and win. They will not say "my team was whining about ganking so I proceeded to feed during scrims and left team before main game". You can be cocky, you can be full of yourself, but thats different. No matter how cocky you are, real pro player, and all older players are real - thats why they play at highest level, will not simply abandon scrims, leave teams whenever smallest pressure or obstacle arises.
0	This isn't necessarily the case. The online edition of the Mail is distinctly different to the print copy, and it's the website that's bringing in the rubes for the Mail.   This is manifest in the Mail's awful 'sidebar of shame' (the bit down the right hand side full of pictures of women who aren't fat, are fat, are no longer fat, might be fat soon; celebrities going down the shops without makeup on with derisive remarks about how they look haggard; creepy pictures of children of celebrities in swimwear; creepy pictures of former child stars 'all grown up' etc.).   The Mail also has distinct flavours for the UK and US facing website editions. Essentially the same themes, with slight differences. A big picture at the top of some celebrity doing something unremarkable, while the 'political' stories are buried a few scrolls down.
0	It would make a grand comeback except that most of the jokes that one could make with this meme, have already been done. Maybe come back in a year or two when it's less likely to be remembered.
0	My husband works in IT.  His dream job is to be a butcher.  Here's how we're going to make that happen:   We're spending the next two months fixing up our house, hopefully putting it on the market at the end of February.  That should earn us a nice profit of around $75k after fees and paying off the rest of our consumer debt.   My parents offered to let us stay with them in south Louisiana for a few months for this next step:  My husband is going to search for an "apprenticeship"-type job at a butcher shop.  He doesn't need to be paid much, since it's mostly for the training.  Meanwhile, my parents offered to care for our three girls(plus there's lots of other family nearby who would be happy to see them), so I can get a job and go to school for welding.   Once I have my welding certification and he has some butchery experience under his belt, we'll move back up to Virginia and stay in a hotel while he looks for a job.  After he gets his dream job as a butcher, then we'll finally start looking for a house.  We'll look at homes within 3 miles of his job, so he can walk or bike to work.  We should still have enough money saved up to put 30% or more as a down payment, leading to a much lower mortgage payment than we have now.  I plan on staying home with my girls, and using my welding skills to create metal sculptures, but I can get an industrial job if it turns out we're short on money.
0	When I had my interview for my previous job, I asked for $8 an hour. We agreed on $7.50 an hour. (.25 cents more the minimum wage here) I agreed because I really needed a job and money. I busted my ass. Long story short they only paid my $7.25 an hour and ruled out any chances that I would make the $7.50 they agreed on, especially since I didn't have any proof that they did offer me $7.50. After staying their a little while, I quit that job last month and have been struggling to find another recently. The well is running dry. I've been trying to go to school, but paying a monthly rent and car payment makes that really tough.
1	They can have an exempt player, but not a non-exempt player.   Exempt non-resident: Helios, Dexter, Lustboy, Bjergson, entire LMQ team, Krepo, Seraph   Non-exempt non-resident: KaKao, Dandy, Faker, NaMei, Uzi, Froggen, GoGoing,   So, they can replace Amazing with Helios, or NoName but not with Dandy. They cannot replace Bjerg with Faker, but they can replace Bjerg with XWX.   There are ways to sign on non-exempts, through time. Say TSM wanted KaKao, but they can't sign him on immediately. KaKao would need to join the NA scene, and turns into a exempt non-resident, and then he can be transferred to TSM. That's just an example, I don't think there'll be a situation where this will actually happen.
1	I'm buying ancient coin and upgrading it to level 3 as soon as it's viable and I have the money to do so. The final form is  sooo good,  coming into lane with a sudden 20% cooldown and Shurelya's passive is just such a power strike on champs like Ali, Blitzcrank and Leona. Also the sustain stats from the item work very well for them just to keep them in lane a little longer. 9 times out of 10, Talisman of Ascension active guarantees a kill as soon as you walk into lane with it, and it progresses so well through to mid and late game too with the teamfight engages.   I'm also running Heal summoner spell instead of exhaust, I just think without the extra 10 armor and magic resistance exhaust just doesn't quite cut it as a viable summoner slot anymore, whereas Heal has been sleeper OP for donkey's years.   I still take gp/10 quints but I'm thinking about swapping to Health regen/5 simply because I miss being able to take a couple red pots (well, biscuits now) on my first buy. Speaking of which, My first buy is unchanging now, Gold income item + 2 wards and a red trinket for the vision denial.   As far as items go, I think Zeke's and Iceborn are now very affordable, very viable Suport items if you are ahead.   A simple chunk of text from a humble silver 1 support main.
0	My mother divorced my Dad, drugged me up after being diagnosed with ADHD. After she couldn't handle me she sent me to live with my father.   Oh she divorced him because he hit her. So yay, great things coming my way.   Dad beats me with a belt at least twice a week. Several times to the point where I couldn't sit down. If you haven't been spanked till your ass is completely bruised... Yeah. Torture is a more relevant term.   So my Mom finds out about this after a few years and takes me back one Christmas. Oh, guess what? I'M A RAGING PSYCHOPATH NOW! I don't have the adhd symptoms, but I like to hurt people. I'm also weird as fuck because I attended a Christian school.   Mom can't handle me, go figure, and sends me BACK to live with my Dad. It's like... as long as she doesn't have to see it it's ok.   Same old shit happens except this time my Dad takes the extra step to homeschool me. So I get extra quality time with this asshole. Oh and now he has me working as a roofer for $2.50 an hour. In mother fucking FLORIDA. Try heat index of 140 on the roof in summer.   So beatings happen, I'm getting brainwashed into Christianity like you wouldn't believe.   Somehow I end up back with my Mom. My brain is fucked for this whole period of my life so I don't remember why. After about two months I put my younger brother in the hospital with a bat.   Yup. Back to live with Dad. He finally throws me out while I'm trying to finish high school. Move back home with my Mom at the threat of being homeless and join the military.   The ARMY undid a lot of the damage, and grew me up fast. I wrote off the half of my family that knew what was going on with my Dad. I still love my Mom.
1	kennen, in general, shits on melee. This is because of his ability to poke/harass from a distance while not being touched. That being said, he is EXTREMELY easy to trade with IF you can trade due to his natural squishyness. It isn't until he gets his WoA that he can't be pushed out of lane.   Kennen in NO way will shit on GP since GP can trade with parley. It might be possible for him to stay at range and farm/poke with Q until he gets WoA or a chain vest (as part of hourglass), but that's hardly "shitting on the lane".
1	Serpah imo did the best he could. CLG as a team was the issue, because of this it showed out in Seraph when it really wasn't his fault.   Seraph was brought in because he was a very good mechanical player, able to do 1v1 and hopefully they intended will have a better laning phase than Nien.   Especially in the lost again C9, C9 outplayed CLG at their redbuff, this set both Dexter and Seraph behind. CLG decided as a team to send Seraph low levelled to roam with Dexter trying to make plays, again this didn't work. Seraph then became underleveled and was really really far behind. This wasn't his own fault, it's CLG as a team deciding for this to happen.   CLG didn't try to help Seraph with many ganks or trying to put him in 1v1, so it makes him look behind, so people blame him.   What really needs to happen is for CLG to stop maybe trying these strange new tactics and try to enforce standard lanes so Seraph can really shine.
1	I am very sorry that I am late to comment this, but here in Sweden we say "tfgm" (Thanks for a good match) after an online game. I think that the English-speakers should start using "tfgm" or maybe "tftg"(Thanks for the game) buuut I can of course not change the way people will end a game of league single-handly.
0	Other women experience reductions in libido while on the pill, or decreased lubrication. Some researchers question a causal link between COCP use and decreased libido; a 2007 study of 1700 women found COCP users experienced no change in sexual satisfaction. A 2005 laboratory study of genital arousal tested fourteen women before and after they began taking COCPs. The study found that women experienced a significantly wider range of arousal responses after beginning pill use; decreases and increases in measures of arousal were equally common.   [SOURCE](
1	I used to do that as well, before I hit level 30, then I realised: Maybe some of them are in the same boat as me, why not start being friendly to them. Usually it works, the rare occasions it doesn't, it's because the other people on my team are blamers. Playing normals also mean you have the chance to lose the match, unlike bot games, where you can win even if you go itemless.
1	They're a business. They buffed Ezreal when a $30 skin was being released. People seem to ignore the fact that they are trying to maximize their profits. They do the same things blizzard does in WoW,  except  they don't  force  you to pay a monthly subscription or upfront payment to play their game. While initially this seems amazing and great, it creates the problem of "what can make the most money becomes the important thing on the list". The stealth rework took forever because new champions bring new income and there are a lot of people who already own Eve and Twitch. Look at skin releases relevant to champion buffs/nerfs. Most skin releases either come with a buff a week or two before or a nerf a week or two after. I don't know of an instance where a champion has gotten a skin the same patch they recieved a nerf (I could be wrong if I am please prove me so), but I do know of a few instances where a champion was buffed the same patch they recieved a new skin. You could call it coincidence, but coincidence doesn't happen so regularly.
0	You're probably right. Although, the friendzone does exist. You are in it with anyone you are friends with. It is bothersome only when you don't want to be in it. i.e., you want the relationship to be of a romantic nature as opposed to a platonic one.   I never said anything about boning anybody in my initial, or any subsequent, post. I also never said that anyone was placed there wrongly. That would be silly. That would imply that the person who "placed" you there is incapable of making real decisions. That's fucked up and definitely undermines that whole respect thing I went on about.   The people who were "wrongly" placed, i.e., eventually got out of the friendzone, were not wrongly placed. They had incompatible feelings for some point in time, which got them in the friendzone and once that incompatibility was reconciled in favor of their initial intent, they were removed from it.   Although, to be honest, if you want to be serious about your definitions, we might want to define the friendzone as a metaphorical zone that you are placed in once a friendship develops with someone. You can define it this way in which case it's very similar to a mathematical relation. i.e. Stanrock(F)Rockstan if and only if Stanrock and Rockstan are friends. Essentially meaning that you would be placed into the friend zone as an ordered pair. This relation would be reflexive and symmetric for the sake of sanity. (You are friends with yourself and if A is friends with B then B is friends with A)   Then you would either still be friendzoned once a romantic relationship is reached, in that you're probably still friends with said person, or, upon leaving, you relinquish all friendship, you could do this by ending the friendship or  you may not see that a friendship is contained within a romantic relationship. So, maybe I should alter that definition.   Perhaps a friendship that one, or both, parties believes is incompatible with a romantic relationship. This relation would be similar although it may not be reflexive. You might think that you and you can be in a romantic relationship, I'm not judging you. So, in this case, the bothersome friendzone elements would be (a,b) such that (b,a) is not in the friendzone. i.e. a is strictly platonic friends with b but b is not strictly platonic friends with a.   Alternatively, each person could have their own friendzone which would just be a set of the people they have strictly platonic feelings for. Either way, it seems that friendzoning could never be wrongly done.
1	While this could be a good idea, I doubt they would change ohmwrecker like this. Remember, they just buffed towers not too long ago to try and prevent teams from being able to take towers in the first 3 minutes of the game. Giving yet another buff to towers via an item buff could potentially make games super long and boring since tower diving would be less rewarding and more dangerous. While you could say that this can be countered by buying an ohmwrecker, what's the point of the fortify active if it could just be canceled via another ohmwrecker on the opposite team? Finally, adding this active and reducing cost may result in supports rushing this item, making it way easier to pull of ridiculous tower dives in the beginning of the game with less consequences, and bringing back the problem of teams bringing down towers within the 3 minute mark on a regular basis.
0	I got a better one. I'll keep it short. She comes in, asking for a roast beef sandwich(I work at Arby's) and so after her waiting about 2 minutes she got it and took her seat. She immediately runs up to the counter and cuts off the couple who's order I'm taking, and starts yelling at me about how a regular comes with cheese in it, which it doesn't but I could have added that when she ordered for like 30 cents. Anyway, she starts demanding she get a refund and another sandwich. I explained I could do one or the other, not both. So finally my manager came out and told her the same thing. So she sits down, and starts complaining for the whole restaurant  to hear so finally my manager broke and said we could do both so she would just shut up and leave. But when I told her she could come get her money and sandwhich, SHE SAID SHE WAS HAVING FUCKING HEART MURMURS DUE TO STRESS.   Yeah because a 16 year old who followed protocol can do that.
0	Now you have to buy him Christmas presents, too.  And a birthday present next year.  Then you have to invite him to a bbq (on the fourth of July if you're American) next year.  Hell, Labor day is this weekend, do it now.  If he has children, you must give them presents on their birthdays also.  And you have to pledge them to each other.  If you don't have kids, then you'll have to pledge your future children.  That is the only way to make a friendship eternal.
1	This is probably going to be an unpopular opinion with you and other people, but I'm going to say it anyways. As a jungler you need to learn to embrace criticism, ignore rage and focus on what it is YOU can do.   If your team isn't responding to pings, tell them in chat you are coming to gank and make them acknowledge it. If a lane is overextending without wards, buy wards and ward it for them. If you need to help a lane badly and the enemy always wards, buy an oracles and pressure them to play less aggressively. If you're playing a jungler who is not amazing at ganking early, and the enemy jungler is ganking a ton with a gank heavy jungler, go counter jungle them or try and wait for counter ganks. There is ALWAYS something you can do better to help your team, even if they are a bunch of bad players who do nothing but rage.   I think the best thing to do is to know what it is you can and can't do. Sometimes you need to let a lane fail hard so you can help other lanes, or get farmed, or take objectives(enemy buffs, dragons, towers). At that point just explain why you can't help their lane and if they still rage at you for it then just ignore them.   A big trap you should never fall in though is believing that you have no responsibility to make sure your lanes don't feed, or that just because someone is raging at you the criticism is unwarranted. If a lane is getting camped TRY TO COUNTER GANK IT, don't just blame them for not warding, etc.
1	The problem with fiora is she's ALL in all the time. I like her playstyle in lane and if built right can trade with some of the most dangerous top laners, but when team fights come around she shines about 15-25% of the time and dies instantly the rest of the time. Teams just focus her down and all it takes is 1 or 2 CCs and she doesnt even get her ult off before dieing. Yi and Tyrn can gtfo with their abilities. Sion's lifesteal with a stun(to stop 1 high dpser on him), sheild and high hp pool makes him a lot more of a presence in team fights.
0	I just want to point out that I am overweight but my "sides go in." Body types play a huge role in fat distribution.  I just carry most of that weight in my hips.   With that said, regardless of my body type you can call me whatever you want - though I've never understood the general anger people have towards fat people. When I first started going to the gym, the amount of ridicule and anger shown towards me was completely ridiculous. People would literally point and laugh - I mean is a fat chick working out really that awful of a concept?   I'm not sure what any of those people want - they get mad if I'm lying on the couch and rubbing greasy calories all over my body and they get mad if I'm finally taking care of myself. So I just forget about what anyone else thinks and do what makes me happy. It makes me happy to go on runs, it makes me happy to work out, and it makes me happy to know that despite my unhealthy past, I am creating a healthy future. Call me fat, call me a cow, call me any name in the book if that helps you make sense of this world - I've heard it all enough to know that those simple words don't and won't ever define me.
1	The first time I started disliking TSM is when Reginald made that youtube video about being stuck in elo hell. I watched all the shit with TRM go down on stream and I watched the scapegoating happen and i didnt like the team any more for that. I thought the team was good through season 2 because they weren't really in the spot light and I liked oddone and chaox. then s3 happened and I didnt like chaox because of the shit he did in anaheim. good on tsm for getting rid of him after that. I thought wildturtle was pretty similar in playstyle from what I saw in soloqueue so I didn't like that decision. then reginad went from coach manager player owner to just coach manager owner. I thought of the four roles he did for TSM his playing was far from the weakest so I respect TSM for trying to delegate responsibility but hate the fact that there's never been responsibility. As someone whose personality is a lot like Dyrus, it made my blood boil when reginald abused him on stream that one time. I felt really bad for dyrus. I don't like other TSM management for not doing anything about that. I don't like how people think bjergsen is that good. he isnt a cut above the rest if it werent for his jungler that sets up shop in almost every game. same with reginald back in season 2 I guess. I dont like TSM for that. I dont like TSM for getting rid of Xpecial before they had a decent person to fill his shoes, it seemed impulsive. I dont like reginald for calling monte out on those 2 occasions, the second time with new coach locodoco. Reginald should have been punished harshly by riot games for that. I dont like bjergsen because he cant follow contract rules and poaches players. I dont like how dyrus has handled the whole "i get camped a lot" thing. In the past if he knew he was gonna go against pressure he picked people who could apply pressure throughout a camp like kayle and vlad. now he just plays supports and tanks, one dimensional champions and then wonders why he is so limited when he is getting towerdove.  he gets all angry and says "i jsut want to play league of legends" like playing a strategic role is not playing the game. If he wants to just kill things and farm and have his jungler gank for him he should join a challenger team, in TSM that player is bjergsen and that's probably not going to change. In the highest level of the game playing strategically is a lot better than just farming and killing things, no one should disagree with this, but when you say playing strategic tops is a lot better than playing ones that farm and kill things , suddenly top lane is an oppressed group that never can even play the game? definitely dont agree with dyrus on that one
1	thing is when you look at the staff around the other teams fnatic is still lacking in that deparment. Soaz still is not motivated to full extent,idk what the hell with the Cyanide bench fest. I mean the guy literaly is the only jungler that fits towards the playstyle of Soaz and Xpeke. Look at s3 and their playstyle, it revolved around Xpeke and Soaz, now since Rekkless joined the gold distribution changed and they have started playing more of less supportive champions (lulu top), and most of the times their games revolve around Rekkless getting fed.
1	I'm at low ELO (1200ish) I struggled a lot thinking that I wanted to win so I play very few games...but now I'm starting to stop giving a fuck about my elo, and care more about improving, regardless of if i lose..I always try to think what I did wrong, and how to fix it.   I'm mostly playing top Irelia, and I've been doing well, even against champs that supposedly counter me (still relatively new to the game, dont know a bunch of stuff that i should probably know) and so, I've been trying to get in the mentality of ''win my lane, then carry your team'' which has worked a few times...but then some games I find that it is really hard....but I think I've found a problem.   I've been reading guides and advice on Irelia and how to improve at her...but for some reason I'm starting to think that I'm not very good at team fights, or that I'm doing the correct build orders....I get focused a lot on team fights, I try to focus their ADC if its not too out of range...or their ap carry, basically any squishy I can find to give my team a lead...but maybe I'm doing things wrong...   Any tips on what I should be building first? (I usually go warmogs into attackspeed/dmg then defense) and tips on how to teamfight better?   Thanks in advance!
0	I agree with everything you said and downvoted you anyways.
0	I really enjoyed the idea of Venus in 4th grade. I had this theory that Venus used to be just like earth but then the inhabitants there polluted the air so much that it became toxic so they blasted off to earth and met the early humans and helped them advance. (Greeks, of course. I was obsessed with ancient Greece) But they could never go back home because they left it a chemical wasteland.
0	you know what's worse? In middle school I was a pretty big kid and I was able to pick smaller people up by holding their neck with both hands and slowly picking them up. I only did this to friends or acquaintances who asked me to do this. Well one school dance I thought I saw my friend and did this to him from behind without asking him. It was some random guy I didn't know. I was like oh shit but the guy was like oh shit too and he was cool about it.
1	Sure. We'll just assume the creators aren't just trying to find a place for olaf to fit in their design, rather then his original idea to dictate their overall game design.   The only thing that irks me about these comments, or comment on the main forum is NO ONE BUT RIOT HAS THE COMPLETE PICTURE. It is very fair to say "maybe they haven't thought of X", but considering the hours of testing and reiteraions of work they do, all while trying to set that one piece to balance with hundreds of other elements in different contextual scenarios isn't exactly easy.   At the end of the day it's players caring too much over a minor piece of what makes Lol. It's a memorable piece, it was  fun piece, but that minority cannot be given an excuse to cause problems for the majority of other players.   There is no amount of self analyzing, or subjectively trying to justify the limited knowledge every single player posses. Versus the actual objective knowledge of the game Riot is fed through by every single player putting in this experience.   Overall it simply comes down to this: Riot is shown all the problems, and they try to solve or alleviate these problems. People surely have the right to be asked about ideas (which riot has done whether directly or by debating in forum threads with certain forum goers representing certain ideals), but they can't be so upset when someone like Xyph/tiza/Ames/insert rioter comes in and smacks down ideas. It isn't a lack of wanting to try, but either past experience has shown it not to work (at that time at least), or all signs in the system reject that notion.   They definately know where they want Olaf, the only problem is they actually are trying to care about the sect of olaf players who loved that champion. And this creates a situation where they can have Olaf done no problem, but at the cost of completely destroying and creating him anew. They will try to preserve his identity considering he is not a lost cause like sorakka.
0	When I first joined facebook, back in 2006, I got an invite to a beautiful girl's party. I'd seen her around campus, I was blown down that she'd sent me an invite. I replied back with something incriminating due to my misunderstanding of facebook, and only after that did I realize how it probably worked. I didn't get a reply, went to the party with some other people who had been invited intending to play it cool, and she was being a cunt so we left.
0	Marriage is one of those things where you are never prepared enough, or prepared as you can be; but there is a certain time that it is acceptable to try. I don't think anyone is really ready for their first time having sex for an example, and it is really different for everyone. I have heard all these different stories about people saying they did too early, or too late, but regardless of timing, it was in a way the right time for the person.   That being said, generally when it comes to these things, I think of it in not so much as prepared for the event, but the living with it afterwards. I remember when people always used to ask when they thought it was the right time, or not knowing if they are ready. I judge it based off of when you are no longer worried about doing it, and how you can manage to live with yourself if you did it. You are ready for marriage when you are not scared of the idea, the commitment, or the practice, but are scared about how you will perform to your own and other people's standards. If you love the person, are financially stable, and emotionally collected, but terrified about fucking it up, then you are ready to take the next step.   Love has little to do with it, but obviously in these cases it is a very important factor. You can be in love, and ready for the idea, but are not financially, emotionally, or structurally ready for marriage, kids, etc. The way you get ready is to enjoy being single, drinking, experimenting, and either getting it out of your system, or realizing that kind of life style is no longer for you.   For me, I have created a checklist of things, and girls I want to experience before I set out looking for the right one. If I commit to a girl, I don't want to wonder what it would be like to be with a X kind of girl, or do Y before I settle down. If this girl happens to fit one of these qualities, or I find her during these events, that is great. But I don't think I would commit myself to another person without being really sure about what I do want, and more importantly what I don't want.
0	Yep. I mean I don't wish I was dead most of the time, ever since I moved out of my mothers' house and out of school, but I lived with her on weekdays almost my entire life, everyone in my close family smoked, my dad quit when I was around 8.   When I was young I still lived at my grandparents' house with my mom who didn't smoke during her pregnancy but I think she started again when I was around 2 or 3. I can still remember not wanting to be downstairs when she was home because the entire living room area down there was clouded by smoke. My grandparents' smoked a lot too, but it wasn't as bad and they were very considerate of me.   My mom refused to quit. "oh it's how I deal with stress QQ I need to smoke." So 3-11 year old me had to deal with it. Luckily we moved out into her BF/fiance's house later for a couple years (both smokers) and since it was a much bigger house and I didn't really do anything except go on the computer (upstairs) and my room was in the basement it was fine until they broke up/started fighting.   his daughter was going to visit and she almost died in a car accident and he lost his job. He was actually very smart, he helped develop the Canadarm for the ISS (or so I was told). After that the usual fights about money started (of course) but he got another pretty good job installing satellite dishes. Anyways, they broke up and got together a couple times after that. It was very confusing for 12/13 year old me.   Anyways after that we moved back into my grandparents' for a year and after that moved into an apartment complex for a year and then since then a condo. Just to paint a picture of how hypocritical she is:   I had a good friend who helped me out with getting me out of a depressed slump when I was 15. My mom was out of town for a week and my friend asked if I could look after her cat for a couple days while she sorted things out with her parents', so I did. My mom flipped when I told her and demanded I get rid of it. The year after that, with 0 warning she starts dating a guy and lets him live with us (I don't think I ever met him during the day or got to know him at all) and was told to deal with it. Yea, I can't hold onto a fucking cat for a week but she gets to shove some new guy into my life for 2 fucking years.   I moved out after they were having an argument which I decided to join in which caused me to move out. That was probably 8 months ago and I have only spoken to her once since then (christmas) which I only did for my grandmother.
1	too long great
1	Hey guys,   Weve been talking to players about how they feel about pricing for a while now  weve talked with you on the forums, ran surveys, met with some of you in person, and listened to your feedback.   As a result of those conversations, were making some changes to champion pricing aimed at generally lowering champion prices and making it easier for you to add to your champion collection. This plan will involve immediate and ongoing reductions of IP and RP prices of older champions, as well as increasing the time you have to earn IP between champion releases.   We will also be slightly increasing the first-week IP price of new champions to partially offset lower overall prices.   Heres the plan, which is being implemented immediately:   New Champion Release Schedule   You may have already noticed the rate at which weve been releasing champions has slowed. Moving forward, were targeting 14-17 new champions in 2013 -- around one every 3-4 weeks. This gives you more time to accumulate IP between champion releases, and it enables our design team to spend more time developing and polishing each new champion.   RP and IP Price Tiers   Weve also updated the RP cost of champions so that that theyre more strongly correlated with the IP price. RP costs now match IP cost accordingly: 450 IP    260 RP 1350 IP    585 RP 3150 IP    790 RP 4800 IP    880 RP 6300 IP    975 RP 7800 IP (first week)    975 RP   Immediate Price Reductions   The seven oldest 6300 IP champions (Ezreal, Vladimir, Renekton, Nocturne, Lee Sin, Brand and Vayne) have all been reduced to 4800 IP/880 RP. As with all permanent price reductions, well automatically refund the difference for anyone whos purchased one of these champions up to two weeks prior to today.   Price Reduction Schedule   Every time a new champion is released, the oldest 6300 IP/975 RP champion will be reduced to 4800 IP/880 RP.   Also, with every third champion release, an additional champion currently priced at 4800 IP or lower will be reduced to the next lowest tier, based on age and ease of play.   New Champion First-Week IP Price   All brand-new champions will cost 7800 IP/975 RP for the first week only, and will be reduced to 6300 IP thereafter.
0	So I was hangin out at the home of my friend's friend's house. For sake of convince, lets call them Person A (my friend), and Person B (Person A's friend). Anyways, we're at Person B's house, and his little brother (and his little brother's friends) come out of his room reeking of weed. I asked what age they were (They said yes and laughed, Person B said they were all in 4th and 5th grade). I asked Person A a bit, and apparently B's little brother has been grounded a lot for smoking/having weed, and they have no idea where he gets it from or how he started smoking.
0	I sometimes drive after a few beers. I obviously would not do it if I didn't know I  was in a condition to drive drive safely home.   I just think it is ridiculous to be grounded with no independent means of transportation after enjoying a few beers.  But ofc the world is full of idiots behaving irresponsibly.
0	I used to live in an area like this. All garbage needed to be placed in secured dumpsters, no bird feeders, no outdoor pet food, etc.   Then one day a city-slicker bought a house nearby and paid big bucks for a bird feeder that modeled his actual house. We tried to explain how dangerous this was (especially considering its proximity to his house), but he didn't seem concerned.   Then he went out of town for a week. In the middle of the night, bears ripped through the area and started tearing into any sources of food available. (We actually had to fire shots in the air to keep them from away from the house.) The next morning I drove up to the new guy's home to check on things. Two beams from his porch had been demolished, leaving the roof sagging; and his precious bird feeder was missing... never to be seen again.
1	ding ding ding. and the most important takeaway from all of that,
0	This\^\^ - Story time.   I learned this because one of my friends had an unfortunate accident in the dorms.   He had a couch that was a monster of a static producer. Every time your ass touched it, you basically became a human van de graaff generator. He routinely shot 4-6" sparks every time he reached for a doorknob.   One particularly cold, dry day he was watching a movie with his door open so people could come and go. After a bit of indulgence in some soda, he had to pop up to go to the bathroom. He walked out the door and on this fateful day, he was unlucky enough to meet someone at the bathroom door who held it open for him.   There he was, un-grounded and unzipped at the urinal. From my room, I heard what can only be described as one of the most blood-curdling screams I have ever heard.   Apparently the spark that shot between the water in the toilet and his... fun bits... was around 8" long so the rough estimation is around a 100,000 volt discharge.   That scream still echos in my head to this day.
1	Okey so if you are really sure you wanna buy a skin... You should know what skin to buy. You wanna buy a legendary skin? Or what?   I suggest you buy the skins for the champions you play the most. Not just like "oh i just bought Corki let me get his coolest skin". If you know what i mean.
0	Thank you. I don't care what people believe as long as they are decent human beings. My husband is an atheist and one of the best people I know. I was raised Roman and Catholic and believe in God. We get along because neither of us wants to convert the other, or even tries, we are honest about our feelings. Yes, we've had missteps. When our daughter died, it was hard to figure out how to help each other grieve. I had to explain that I don't want him saying, "you'll see her again." I believe it, but he doesn't and it rubbed me the wrong way. I had to find a way to be sensitive to his needs and help him grieve too. It wasn't perfect, nothing is, but we are happy, and expecting our second child this December.   I can't stand r/atheism because many, not all, people just insult any belief that differs from theirs and tries to belittle others. They claim they are more logical or believe in science (um, yeah, I hold science and  logic up and don't blindly believe everything).   I don't decide if I a like a person based on their belief in God. I have many atheist friends, friends who are Jewish, Catholic, Muslin, Wicca, etc.   The only thing I ask for is tolerance. It is interesting to discuss the origins of religions, similarities, and how we came to believe what we believe.
1	People like teams that win (which requires good coaching, which is only Regi), they like a team that networks with their fans (TSM streaming policy, thanks to Regi), and they like a team that won't collapse tomorrow (thanks to Regis money and his management, TSM is secure).
1	Your utility as a support late game is near top tier (ish) but it's whether or not your AD can actually do reasonable in lane without a support with good lane presence, you see it succeed at high ELO doing so well because the ADs now how to read the game and play accordingly.
1	There's a difference between hiding the files and hiding the content. What extra content do you unlock with PFE? Nothing, you unlock a different skin that's completely optional and doesn't change how the game plays in any way, it just looks cooler. That is a bit of a difference between having an OP champ on the disc that you need to pay to unlock, RP only. Or having a new map come out that's RP only. That is what he is trying to make. You are rushing to decisions before reading the entire post. You are completely wrong in what you said because you only read the first part of his post, not the entirety. That, or you didn't full comprehend what he said.
1	Well the thing is I'm not sure that it accomplished it's goal. The best use case for the item currently is to start with health, then ideally buy it on your first death, assuming you managed to live for 8 minutes or got some kills/assists in there. However, if your entire team is melee you're still going to get poked out and the poke comp will take your towers before 10 minutes. They will have first blood and kill exp on you, so they will get their ults first. The only option you have to defend your turrets is to hard engage if you have no ranged waveclear, and it has to be before you get poked down. All they did by adding Orb of Winter was make melee teams that can last for 15+ minutes against a poke/siege team have an advantage, but it requires you to get to that point first. If they have already taken your inhibitor by then, then you have to fight them AND superminions at the same time. Rushing Orb of Winter doesn't make you immune to burst, but when coupled with other hp/mr items it's extremely strong.
0	Finally someone with some sense. These people are all just mad. Saying that she didn't accomplish anything because her parent payed for it all is like saying a college degree isn't an achievement because someone else payed for you to go there (loans, parents, grandparents). Honestly do you think if any of these people's parents had tons of money they would deny the finer things and live as the righteous peasants they perceive themselves as now? On another note, it would be pretty sweet to bang her and travel the world..like reverse Aladdin style.
1	Quite easy to explain actually.   Since more people are in the lower tiers of play then the higher tiers, it's the same on this subreddit, this means that a large part of the community can relate  and  empathise to "struggling in Bronze", add in a heart-warming title and image (check out popular image subreddits, heart-warming stories everywhere, "my disabled sis painted this", I just found this 1 legged kitten with an eye patch look what he's doing", massive percentage of the time on these popular image subreddits the story is either a repost or faked, for karma, and it works).   Now the second post you linked to, it's about known fixes for League, except for 99% of all players never have an technical issue when playing League, so they don't really find any use for it, it's cool and all that someone put the effort in to help those that need it but a large percentage of the "fixes" are basic shit and the majority of the player base don't need it.
1	Best of 2/3 make the games more competitive because of wider strategy etc.   As a viewer I vastly prefer best of 1. I can watch my favorite team(s) without losing that much time of my day or having to wait out 3 hours of Giants vs Copenhagen Wolves for example. Best of 1's keep especially the games in the lower half of the league more interesting. Who would want to watch 2 games of Elements stalling or failing to close out a game if you aren't a fan of them like me, probably noone.   Most people are far more casual than the people visiting a league forum like /r/leagueoflegends  and wouldn't even want to watch more than 1 game a day.
1	with all its flaws, i still believe the league system works well because it forces you to become a better player overall, as opposed to just dominating one position.   you won't be first pick every game, so in order to climb you have to excel at other positions. all those guys that stream generally do very well even when they don't get their main roles. i used to only jungle/support, and couldn't climb very far until i got really good at playing mid and top as well.
0	This was a lot of my childhood. My parents would get in these drag out fights (words only) pretty frequently. It got so bad that naive me would go in the bathroom and put towels at the bottom of the door so that I didn't hear them. Hey, I was 10 or 11 at the time. I just wanted a way out of it. In hindsight I wish they had noticed how much it sucked for me.   I had always wished for my parents to get a divorce, and when I was 12 I got that. But these things are funny. My parents said that I could choose who I wanted to live with; I chose my dad. Thus started a whole new fight, my mom fighting to get a psychiatrist to testify that I couldn't make that decision. Thanks mom.   It all sucked and it was demeaning. I had to meet with the elementary school counselor for some time because of their divorce. These meetings were always during recess. Fuck that. On top of that I kept insisting that I knew the divorce wasn't my fault, but every day it was a new story book about how Johnny's parents divorce wasn't Johnny's fault. Sigh. On top of that, my mom would spend the child support check at the Clinique counter at the nearby mall. That's something I don't resent, but I'll never forget. Nor will I forget the day she sat me down and said she was giving up the fight for custody. I was elated at the time, but seeing my mom so crushed slowly deflated me.   Ultimately it was the best thing to happen. Sucked at the time, and I really wish my parents wouldn't make jabs at each other to me, but hey. What are you to do? It gets better. Two Christmas mornings, two birthdays...etc. Have to take the positives.   Now they literally live on opposite coasts, one in Florida, one in Oregon. I find it pretty funny.
1	I read this reply, and turned to the gentlemen sitting next to me and asked "If a slow is a soft CC and a stun is a hard CC, where does silence stand?"   His response was to define the distinction between hard and soft CC. "I would say that a hard CC prevents you from both using an ability and auto attacking. Therefore a silence is a soft CC."   "Well then," I started, "according to this post, Karma is not a support because of her lack of CC (a slow). Does that mean that Soraka is not a support?"   "Hah," he chuckled, finding the concept hilarious. "I think that Soraka has enough CC in that she can largely shut a champion down to be considered support under that definition."   This new interpretation interested me. "Well then, maybe the distinction is not between the ability to interrupt channeled spells? That would move silence into the hard CC category while leaving pin/slow in the soft category."   "That's an interesting thought. You should write this conversation up and post it."   It turns out, I'm easily convinced.
1	solo queue tier list or not, its all bullshit. A good varus can destroy lucian or twitch and vice versa. I understand that it just might be his opinion but if popular streamers start putting out tier lists, lots of champs will just go to death because people will only play the hip ones instead of trying other champs.  And guess what the %winrate of tier 3 adcs[according to gosu] are in SOLOQ? 50%+ . I rest my case, player>champion.
0	Okay, imagine it like this:   Say there's a deer in a forest. The deer notices something - maybe a twig snaps, or it sees something out the corner of its eye. It could be any of the thousands of non-threatening/friendly animals in the forest. But maybe one time in the past it ran into a wolf, and that's not a lesson you forget. The deer goes on high alert and gets tense as fuck. It's not a voluntary state - the deer isn't thinking, "It sounds like a squirrel but I bet it's one of those asshole wolves". There is an automatic fear response to the slightest chance of a threat(cause evolution!).   So humans are different in that we can logically reason that it  isn't  a wolf. The chances of that are slim. This is 99.999% likely to be a good guy who just wants to get home and see his family and eat some good food. But there's still a tiny little deer in our heads, shitting bricks at falling leaves because  there's still a chance it's a threat . We do not think you're a rapist. We just heard a twig snap. Again, evolution, involuntary reaction.
0	I ate an entire box of fiber one bars. It was one of those that had 3 separate boxes inside. I ate every single one of them because they were delicious as fuck. Little did I know that the following days included me on the toilet yelling "why?! Why did I do that?!" It felt like I was defecating my intestines. I haven't eaten one since.
0	I felt the same way recently   This past Friday I went to a party and met this girl who was kinda quiet but when she spoke, she seemed like a huge bitch. I didn't pay attention to her that much. Later in the night after a few drinks though, I approached and just started some casual small talk. Nothing spectacular and she walked off. Well, I decided to smoke and drink (never a good idea in my life) and play some bp. She came over to me while I was waiting for the bp table to open and put her arm around me saying, "I got some good feelings I wanna share with you."   As stupid as I was, I responded in my twisted state, "oh...well, I feel like you're sharing your good feelings more than enough."   Wow, did I cockblock myself there or what?!   Then played bp with my partner, she came to play too and eventually left cause we were winning so much.   Drift ahead 2 hours later, I find her with one of my previous roommates and he took her by the hand into his room. And, I shit you not, she went into that room a few times during that night and within 5 minutes of her going in, her "best friend" would knock on the door, open it, and drag her out. I overheard them talk before they left about their "code." So I feel like I didn't miss out on much, since she seemed like a little runaround but I figured it wasn't my night cause I would have been cockblocked by one thing or another.
0	So, Fyghter, two innocent lives literally hang in the balance based on your decision alone. Your dog and a random toddler slip off the side of a cliff, but you're there to catch one with each hand, but they're both slipping. You know for a fact if you don't drop one, you will certainly lose both. Which one was it again that you would save EVERY time?
1	As a support who usually ends up shouldering the responsibility for warding the entire map, I second this not so much as a shaming tool, but just to keep track of utility. I like to evaluate my play after games and since warding is one of my primary responsibilities, it would be helpful to see this especially comparing it to the enemy jungler or support. "Wow, that enemy Taric had twice as many wards as I did! No wonder they seemed to gank us everywhere."   As a suggestion, perhaps show this at the end of the game where the other stats are normally posted. That way you can cut down on in-game flaming (though it's pretty obvious in-game when you don't ward).   As an example, I like how Elobuff records wards placed and includes a difference for sightwards and regular wards. I think Wards bought isn't that informative. I've had a few games with a support will buy a ward and it will sit in their inventory the whole game. If it isn't placed, it isn't useful.   Number of wards destroyed would also be great. Let you know just how awesome that oracle's was and that the gold spent was worth.   As for those concerned about spamming wards...well, I don't see how that is an issue. You can inflate any other stat score the same way. If someone is ward spamming by fountain, that is a troll issue like someone who insists on inappropriately creep farming while everyone else is involved in teamfighting. Having the highest ward count also shouldn't be something people should be seriously competing for. Quality placement, not quantity placement.
1	Frommapplestreet vs Ainslie Wyllie point was freaking well pointed! I hadn't even realized I do that generalization! Only the few players I follow closely are actual people to me. The rest are just names. Public figures.   It's also worth pointing out that frommaplestreet wanted fame. This is what fame is. Fame is having everyone talk about you like you're not a real person. Fame is having everyone critique everything you do, even if it has nothing to do with the reason you're famous. I kinda feel sorry for those who just wants to play LoL for a living having to read what redditors write, but anyone in it for the fame deserves this, because it's what they asked for.
1	I am extremely sensitive to the other players' comments and I cannot agree more with muting toxic players. Learn to ignore them or just mute them. My boyfriend convinced me to start muting people (I was not because of communication but he pointed out that they can ping commands and such if needed even easier than typing). Muting people has made my league playing so much more enjoyable.
1	Yeah...I'm not sure I really get it. I mean, there are good points, but why play League then? Play DOTA! People who play league, notice the little nuiances of the game and take advantage of it such as camping a lane to get the adc/apc to snowball and taking advantage of powerspikes from items and such.
1	I really like heimer. He is so fun! But he has a few problems that a simple buff won't fix cuz upping his ratios has the potential to make him scary op after lane phase.   As much as I love him, there is a reason he has problems in ranked. Great lane phase, has problems in team fights because of turrets and needing to position them and hope people stay near them. He is so slow, just so so slow. You can't really take mobo boots cuz you need the pen from sorcers. And ghost and flash are needed as defensive saftey options, otherwise he is just to vulnerable.   The biggest problem with hiemer as I said before is he falls off a little late game. Its hard for him to carry games after laning phase and he can't really roam for ganks to well unless the enemy is low. He has no CC, and his burst comes from only 2 skills. A slow grenade which can stun if you land it on the enemy, have fun doing that after getting out of bronze. And missles, which are awesome no complaints on them.   And I feel like I rambled and ranted, sorry.
0	Fuck no, if anything you should only try harder. Suicide is a horrible option to an easy end. Find some friends out there in this cruel world. Friends should be able to comfort you just like I would die for my friends whom are the greatest treasure in my life.
1	Not necessarily, Trundle is more of a niche pick since there's certain comps that completely shut him down or make him useless regardless of if he's doing his job. He also has to have a team that does damage behind him in teamfights or else he could do everything right but his team will be destroyed because they're out damaged.
0	My good sir, I fail to see your reasoning. "But as a scientific endeavor, not as important"? It is because we went to the moon in 1969 that later projects such as the mars rover were even considered. You must remember that before the moon landing scientists had no idea what would happen once we landed, some even thought they would just sink. The moon landing was the beginning of the age of space exploration, in hopes that one day we may travel space and explore the heavens and expand our understanding of our universe. The fact that we kicked Russia in the go nads was just the icing on the cake, but the real victory was realizing that one day we could explore other planets successfully; I don't know about you but if that's not a good reason then I really doubt you will ever understand the significance that was Apollo 11.
0	I taught art-history classes at a University and explained this to the students.   If you want good grades for your presentations the power point should only  visually support  your story. Only use images if they reference the points you are trying to make. Otherwise it just makes things unclear. If you use an image tell something about it. What is it? Where does it come from? Why am I looking at it? How does it relate to what you are telling me? It keeps your audience engaged with what you are doing, and also helps you build the order of your presentation.   A recap every now and again is good, but keep it short. If you can in a word. Or three short sentences/points at most. Try thinking more in themes than actual sentences.   Example:The process of international integration arising from the interchange of world views, products, ideas, and other aspects of culture. Why not use: Globalisation.   The sentence should never be so long that it reaches the end of the page. Its ugly, boring and just too long. Mind the spelling and grammar. It really doesnt help if you are trying to make a point.   Make sure your pictures are of an excellent quality (in art-history class I considered this to be obvious: nope). The image should have a heading and the source should be mentioned.   If you have very long pieces of texts in your presentation you are likely to read them which makes you turn your back on your audience. Avoid that. Im getting bored just thinking about it.   If you stumble or forget something, dont panic. Just mention it casually. Like: I noticed I forgot to mention..., but it is actually very important/relevant. Teachers love this. It shows you actually do know what you are talking about, and you are composed enough to solve a problem like that on the spot.   Finally if you are really worried about your presentation ask one of the other students to ask you a question at the end that you have prepared. It might not be completely fair. But some people are much better at a discussion or answering complicated question than giving a presentation. This is an opportunity to show this skill. After explaining this a lot of my students said they didnt know this. Im not sure if this is true but at least in my class they really made an effort, and nobody failed. So this wall of text is for all those who are struggling with making a decent presentation.
0	The definitions of accidental discharge and negligent discharge are different within circles of those trained to handle firearms. As such, most "gun guys" who really know their stuff will say that any time a gun fires when you pull the trigger but you weren't expecting a shot, is a negligent discharge. Any time the gun unexpectedly fires and no one pulled the trigger, is an accidental discharge. Your definition of accident seems to include negligence but this is not the case in firearms training.
1	I'm referring to 07/08...wow so long already... I will say there were/are some good people in the group; not all but  at least  some.Their goal was an admirable one, if a bit...attention seeking and hypocritically abrasive pre-H2O. I remember hearing back then, they pretty much looked for an excuse to plug themselves and attack guys, and aside from the sister founders...most of them couldn't back up what they said. H2O eventually came about, and it stopped being 'girl only' and started being 'girl focused'. Became more tolerant, improved their attitudes, and IMO honestly started getting better. They started proving PMS' goal; the husbands, friends, and boyfriends COULD sit in back or in co-ed supporting the girls and helping them, and the girls would be able to kick ass 'out there on the field'.   Actions I'm referring about are mostly about my experiences with PMS/H2O and after keeping up on Frag dolls occasionally. There's more than a few incidents where it was recorded/reported that frag doll members would challenge other people, ironically mostly women who DIDN'T play games often much less competitively, to some casual or semi casual game...and then whoop their ass(es) and often times talk smack about it afterwards (Always found it ironic that for a group so focused on 'showing how good girls can game', they seemed to mostly beat girls in non-tournament and/or 'casual' matches...)   There's one vid I remember a few years back...some frag dolls got some booth babes from a game con together, and utterly whooped babe's asses, most of whom had NEVER played a video game before, aside from one who said she'd played SNES so... IIRC was a TMNT fighter or some such on wii...Afterwards the frag doll who was I guess 'interviewed' or asked about it said something to the effect of 'Yeah they tried valiantly...but they were terrible. We kicked their ass.' All I thought was 'no shit ya kicked their ass they don't game, competitively or otherwise', and in my experiences watching, seeing, and sometimes playing against frag dolls...that's the attitude almost all of them employ.   And honestly? Frag dolls are old news. They haven't won, placed in, or been seen in a tournament (At least not for placing or in any remotely 'high' or notable position that I can find) in 5 years. They haven't won 1st place in 7. IMO they've now become purely a group of promotional publicity game babes, the very thing they strove to say they weren't. They're the epitome of groups that brand themselves 'girl gamer groups'; Short competitive careers, big talk, out for attention. PMS/H2O has done, as far as I know, far better in competitive placements than Fragdolls, and many other groups with a female focus have done fine as well, and most of them without calling themselves 'girl gamers' or a 'girl gamer group'.   There's also my own personal experiences with PMS/H2O on the PC CoD4 Co-ed division...but that can actually be summed up without a long explanation; Rumoured relationship betrayal, lying, and backstabbing. Was bad enough that some/most recruits n most of the 'veteran' co-ed members left and formed their own group...which kind of fell apart by itself but w/e
1	Garen isn't op at all. He has a strong lane phase against certain champs or people who have no clue how to fight him. He has to build tanky to remain relevant in the late game, and even then, it's not like he's a late game terror or anything, he can just tank for days.   By contrast, Jayce or Jax also have scary lane phases, but if they go 3/0 or better in lane your whole team will start to fidget in their seats because they don't wanna deal with their teamfight power.
0	I doubt this will get read by anybody since I'm a bit late to the party, but I went through the exact same thing for almost 6 months. We were really good friends, but she had a boyfriend, so I basically got friendzoned extremely hard. She was incredibly fun to talk to and I would drop absolutely anything I had planned just to see her. In June she broke up with her boyfriend, and in September I asked her out. She said yes and was extremely glad I asked, and now the past 3 months have been the greatest of my entire life and even though it hasn't been long, we can both confidently say we want to spend the rest of our lives with eachother.
0	We are one of the strongest countries in the world, lasting 237 years - most countries fall or are overthrown by that time. We have a staggeringly impressive military, and state of the art technology is being developed every day. We have never lost a war before (leaving the Vietnam war as an exception, considering we bailed out - we did not want to be involved in further in the conflicts between the North and South vietnamese. Saying that, we never won or lost).   And this is something to be proud of? Your "win rate" in wars? Your argument here is bizarre; I can't understand what point you are trying to make exactly. The fact that as a country the US has a large military and win wars (the circumstances under which several over the last century have been conducted being sinister at best) people will fall in line and love US foreign policy?   If we concern ourselves with post-WW2 (essentially recent history, recent enough that a reasonable amount of the world's population was alive to experience it) US foreign policy has dictated it involve itself in the affairs of other countries more than any other - look at Grenada, Vietnam, Iraq, etc.   International reaction to the Invasion of Grenada:   > By a vote of 108 in favour to 9 (Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Dominica, El Salvador, Israel, Jamaica, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and the United States) voting against, with 27 abstentions, the United Nations General Assembly adopted General Assembly Resolution 38/7 which "deeply deplores the armed intervention in Grenada, which constitutes a flagrant violation of international law and of the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of that State".   This kind of action with perceived impunity from the US government does not give it a good worldwide image in the slightest. Just as Britain did a couple centuries back, in recent years US military forces have destabilized large swathes of the world in order to forcibly conform countries to it's own global image. Just look at the US governments involvement in the Pinochet regime (which it publicly denounced but monetarily backed):   >A document released by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in 2000, titled "CIA Activities in Chile", revealed that the CIA actively supported the military junta after the overthrow of Allende, and that it made many of Pinochet's officers into paid contacts of the CIA or U.S. military, even though some were known to be involved in human rights abuses.   And the US governments treatment of democratically-elected president of Venezuela Hugo Chavez largely because of his opposition to US foreign policy. These are just some events in recent history and there are people worldwide still remember these events.
0	Edit: Boston  Red Sox  fans/game.
0	I used to be an operations director on a small station.  There's a reasoning behind this.  We have to fill out logs to send to PROs and journals detailing what music we play and at what times.  On the station I worked on, I had the computer generate the logs in advance but would ensure that it would be weeks between the same song's performance on automation.  Then I would take the DJs logs (assuming they followed direction and filled them out) and put them into our logs.  With our music director, we would then sort them and send them off to CMJ and etc.   As you can tell, there is a lot of paperwork.  And with radio listenership decreasing, some cuts are made.  Now there are some stations which are basically automated closets rather than live studios.  In addition to this automation, station directors may cover multiple stations, may be part time, or have to cover positions that used to be delegated to others.  To make it easier, just generate one day's worth of logs and use them every day as it makes for less paperwork every month.
0	Well, a lot of our history is taught from a White European/Westernized point of view. Especially at the university level, this becomes really obvious, because you have General Education courses such as "Humanities" which tend to focus on Western European history.   High Schools, especially in American History, do a decent job of focusing on Black History within the courses, but leading up to that, you learn about European History above all else, and when Black History comes into play (i.e. Civil War), public education tends to place the focus on how the Black Experience was a part of the White-Dominated culture. Although Blacks are involved in history teachings at some level, it is very often in a way that is dominated by Western, White cultural assumptions and generalizations, which  sort of ruins the point.
1	It's definately a good step to "clean up" in high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional gamer and represent their game.   On the other hand though, the times I've seen IWD on streams he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There's joking trash talking in almost all games and since the introduction of the Tribunal everybody has grown really thin-skinned.   Now I don't say that what he did was right but a year long ban is also a grave punishment for somebody who relies on tournament earnings (aka pro players). Being probably 10 years above the age of the average league player I don't really get upset about flaming (which seems to be what IWD has been banned for); everyone has bad games/days every now and then and of course, you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal.   On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who troll and feed on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player I'd rather have somebody on my team who's raging at me for making a mistake (nobody rages at somebody for no reason to be honest) than somebody who's actively working for the other team to win. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus though because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
0	100% agree. I didn't mind trying to pay it back, but it was the way she handled it that set me off. It was a hard time for me then. I had my car repo'd and had to borrow from an old boss to get it back. I'm not bitter providing for my kids, that is my responsibility. Hell, I make double the ex and the way IL calculates, I still pay about $180 to her when I have 2 and she has one. I consider myself fortunate to have a good career that I worked hard for.Screwed up even more....In IL, now that oldest is college bound, we have to go to court so a judge can tell us how much to pay each. No choice. I'm happy to pay but on your point, married folks have way more choices.
1	IMO switch fiddle and morg and at least bump fiddle higher. Morgana is a situational pick but fiddle is by far a better and stronger support, with a fiddle you can fast push turrets you can siege turrets way better, morgana has a snare fiddle has a fear which is point and click and independent of minions and not a line average moving skillshot that hits the first target.   Fiddles ult is a huge zoning factor in teamfights and can be done over a wall, morgana ult is highly dependent on her movement speed and cannot move over terrain leading to no surprise hence less pressure on the opposing team. Morg ult does 650 base dmg to each target(if and only if the tether is not broken at lvl 18 but it does give a stun of 1.5s but again you need to stick to them for 3s within 600 range), Fiddle does 325 damage per second for 5s base at lvl 18 at 800 range. Although morgs ult scales much higher supports do not usually have that much AP, also i did not take into consideration MR because it is highly variable so i used base statistics. So basically imo fiddle is by far a better overall support in the case of damage, objective strategy and lastly one of the most important teamfight or player zoning. Morgana is a better situational pick to all-in champions IF you hit the blackshields but it is extremely hard to blackshield a flash tibbers and the hook of thresh has a lower cooldown then the blackshield because of on hit CDR reduction. Thresh players can get around the blackshield anways by baiting it out with a hook and using that window of time to and flash+flay+box+hook and again all-in you a different way. Morg in teamfights can blackshield one person: leona has aoe stun, annie aoe stun, alistair aoe knockup, thresh aoe slow in the form of flay and box so protecting one person be it ADC or APC is great and all but you havent countered the total cc of the opposing support. . Although fiddle's only hard cc is in the form of a 2 year long fear the incredible damage of his ult and the rng silence leads to less counterplay in teamfights.   This is why morgana is not picked as a support and was never picked ahead of fiddle because it was by far a limited champion and in theory can counter the S class supports but in practice doesn't bring to the "counter" in terms of cc and pressence that the other supports bring.   Taric and nunu are the only supports that i would give morgana an edge over. A majority of supports mentioned above in tier S,A,B,C can counter her ulti in one skill unless you blackshield yourself leaving the opposing team a 3 second window to engage on your backline just basically ignoring you from the teamfight and after that 3 seconds more than likely than not your stun won't hit many people because most champions picked in the meta have high mobility. and also with the mandatory buy of shurelias (i still call it shurelia's) your hard cc in the form of the second tick of your ult again usually won't occur on most people.
1	Why would Riot implement a pick order/draft pick if they didn't intend for it to be the method for champion selection?   Call order is simply people trying to take blind pick methodology and impose it on draft pick because they want to play a certain role.   Calling a role should simply be a preference not a necessity.
1	Riot just want a passive game filled with tanks and utility-based champions, hence the nerfs to champions like Lee Sin, Elise and the buffs to Maokai, Nautilus and every other tank jungler that benefits from Quill Coat. Especially with worlds coming up, Riot want to ensure that Elise and Lee's high pick rates for those up-coming matches won't be at a 100% pick/ban.
1	Well. Due to Koreas laws on gaming for people 18 years or younger. Every account made on the Korean server requires a Social Security number of sorts. The idea being that if you're younger than 18 and use your code that it would lock you out after per say 12am. It's a strange place over there I'll tell you what.
1	Yes it is fucked up what he did, and yes it is something that should be justified somehow. However, keep in mind that Riot Games is not a body(?) of the law.   XJ9's actions regarding the nude pictures has little to do with League of Legends and more to do with his psychological issues (which might even be gone in the future). Based on this, I would say that Riot Games should not factor in this event with their considerations regarding his ban. This event is something to be dealt with by the law. The law is there to bring justice to this kind of situation.   If Riot Games is actually factoring in this event, then in my eyes it would seem that Riot Games is actually not being fair. The only thing that should be of interest to Riot Games is whether or not XJ9 is likely to ruin the experience that is playing League of Legends. Whatever he is doing outside that, is something they should not mess with, since that would be acting on "personal" preference (read: public opinion) instead of acting impartial with respect to human freedom rights.
0	OP is what my friends and I call a "baby killer".  Explanation: Had a buddy who's wife was pregnant with twins.  They were driving home one evening when she went into labor.  (around 32 weeks if I can remember correctly)  He of course turned around and sped off to the hospital.  On the way there a guy like OP decided he was driving too fast and blocked him in.  This continued for about 9 miles until my buddy begins to panic.  He attempts to pass him on the shoulder, and of course OP's brother swerves in front of him.  After several attempts and close calls my buddy is now REALLY panicking while his wife is screaming that the babies are coming.  Finally he just goes for it.  OP's brother swerves hard and sideswipes them.  My buddy scrapes on past and keeps going.  Suddenly he feels a severe vibration and his front tire blows.  OP's brother pulls over with him and approaches his car screaming and yelling to discover my buddy covered in blood and attempting to catch a baby while yelling at him to call 911.  OP's brother runs back to his car.  Does he call 911 or attempt to get help?  FUCK NO!  He speeds off.  Leaving my friend there to try to deliver his own babies on the side of the road.  ONLY 3 1/2 MILES FROM THE FUCKING HOSPITAL!  Eventually he managed to flag down a trucker who called for help which arrived just a few minutes later.  Baby #1 lived.  Baby #2 was not delivered in time and died from complications.
1	They can see who's making hundreds of false reports and being incredibly toxic. However, people who make very few false reports stay under the radar while still possibly depriving people of prizes.
0	Dont send them to the house. Her guy on the side would never do that. Buy the flowers, have a friend that shes never met deliver them to her at work about 45 min before she goes to lunch, then show up right before lunch and say you thought youd pop in to get lunch. If she says nothing about the flowers then she is riding the ole bologna pony. If she thanks you for the flowers then you are safe.
1	Good point.   I think people should start playing with groups more. Myself and my friends pretty much play in groups of 3 - 5 all the time and we play for fun. Sure we can get pissed off sometimes but then everyone can cheers everyone up rather than cussing them out for being terrible.
1	There is a reason behind the Lee Sin nerf: He is ridiculously unfun to play against as any jungler except pretty much Panth and Elise. A good Lee Sin will get first blood on every single other jungler with ease or guarantee himself 3 early game buffs.   Elise: Close to 100% pick/ban rate in at least 3 regions (dunno about China and SEA, but is the same in OCE) since before the S3 world champions (that's over 5 months btw). She is still extremely strong with the new changes, but not as punishing as she was before and isn't able to do a full clear without using pots anymore.   Kha: His change was done well and didn't really change much about him other than his team fight snowball. His nerf was relatively minor even compared to the Elise tweaks, it just stopped him being able to do ridiculous AoE damage with his E and building full AD.   Panth: I disagree with this changes. I think a 2k range ultimate will kill the champion. BUT, I see why. His playstyle is extremely toxic and extremely easy. He is a point and click assassin with a stun. Taric got nerfed because of his point and click stun, and I see why they did it then too. They are ridiculously stupid to play against, but I feel changing how his W works with R (not being able to spam click and instacast even though they dash at the last moment) would do wonders for his balance.   Eve: I don't know Eve was getting nerfed? I feel she is in a good position with the ability to still play as the stealthy assassin with good burst and chase but rather weak late game sustained damage or as the tanky AP (similar to Rumble really without the ridiculous damage) with very good peel and chase potential. I haven't played her with the tank design but have watched almost all OGN since that started and feel it is a fair and even build with obvious downfalls (lack of damage, weak early game, requires a strong ADC/APC).   Vi: Now as an ex-ADC player I can say I hate Vi, so much. Her ulti is ridiculous. It deals so much damage it just makes me hate her even more. Being instagibbed by Q-R unless you had barrier flash was never fun. Her jungle clear is ridiculously fast after her first B and her ganks post-6 are extremely strong. I feel the tweak to her ulti was more than warranted and will put her more in line as an off-tank rather than melee ADC.   I currently feel the jungle in S4 is one of the most diverse jungles we've ever had and is in a really good position right now with the Spirit Stone %health/mana changes. The only problem is the ridiculous strength of dueling early game from some junglers, namely Elise, Lee and Panth; to a lesser degree Vi and Kha. This rules out many late-game junglers simply because they will always give up first blood to a decent jungler due to being around half HP from two buffs and much slower than the early-game junglers.
1	HotS is a good MOBA.  It is only in closed beta and looks like it'll have a strong future in general popularity and e-Sports.  Mechanically speaking, it's a decent amount simpler than League, and in someways strategically as well, but it's a  lot  more fast paced, and a lot more team oriented.  It's also very unique compared to League, and I think that is really going to make it stand out.  It's really solid right now, I look forward to it's future.
0	Interestingly, my very first memory is from when I had just turned 2 years old. My family was traveling through Europe. But I remember in vivid detail a bullfight that we went to see in Madrid.   I remember the swords/javelins or whatever those things are called, piercing and going into the shoulders of the bull. And then seeing copious amounts of blood running out of the wounds in streams down the bull's shoulders and onto the dirt of the arena.   I remember it was a very hot day and the smell of death was in the air and that it was pungent and sharp in my nostrils. It's the smell of rotting flesh/blood... the same as you get with blood and bone fertilizer that has been watered during a hot and humid day. It hangs in the air. I can attribute that smell now... I have been around the dying as part of my past work. But it is unforgettable.   I remember the bull staggering around the arena trying to impale the matador, and the matador twirling around in his cape avoiding the horns. The bull was becoming weaker, the more it was pierced (I didn't realise that at the time, but playing the memory back in my mind, I can make that assessment now)   I don't have any emotion attached to this memory, I was just observing. I suppose it's because I really didn't understand what I was seeing. Stepping back, and being an observer of myself, it's kind of fascinating, because I can't watch ANY kind of cruelty to ANY animals now. I get very upset and emotional in some cases. If I was someone else, I might be embarrassed, but I like that I am sensitive to the suffering of others, be it animals or people.   That's pretty much it. To this day, my parents are still kind of shocked that I remember it all in such detail. They didn't think anything of it at the time, because they were there to experience a different culture (it was the 70's, so there was no such thing as political correctness). And I was an only child, so who knew I would remember anything so young?   My second memory is much more pleasant and that was from the same trip but in a different country... but that's for another time.   EDIT: For clarification, I had no context for the memory until I spoke to my parents many years afterwards when I was 7 or 8 years old and could communicate better.
0	American here. Never taken a French class in my life but I knew how to pronounce that perfectly. Want to know how? Assassin's Creed.   Ok, plus I speak Spanish which is almost the same as Italian in many ways and that all adds up to a good idea of approaching European languages.. Fuck. I'm rambling. Time for bed.
1	I agree with this 100%! Over the summer I played every day for hours trying as hard as I possibly could to advance to platinum from high gold, before failing and having to quit when my school semester began.   Every game began with me feeling intense nerves and being unbelievably critical of my own and often my teammates' mistakes. After failing to reach plat I took 2-3 month break for the school semester and was able to play again for 3 days during my Thanksgiving break which ended yesterday.   I was so happy to be able to play again that I decided to queue up for ranked and not worry about winning or losing, just to have fun and play whatever I wanted to, not champs I found OP or strong. I also decided to apologize for every mistake I made in chat, even if I knew it wasn't really my fault. If my teammate failed his flash and died during an invade- I'd just laugh it off and make a joke so they wouldn't feel bad. I never raged, got upset, or responded to flamers and just had fun playing, and the results were amazing.   I got from low Gold 3 (due to rating decay) to Plat 5 in about 2 days, without losing a single game after winning my gold 3 promos. I played mainly Swain, Ziggs and Lucian which are definitely strong champs but ones I had never picked up before quitting, and had so much fun playing it seemed like my team was bound to win no matter what the circumstances were.   There were games where our top lane would lose and their top laner would gank me multiple times mid, without him calling mia and me falling 30-40 cs behind, a scenario that would've made me rage insanely hard a few months ago. Instead I relaxed, apologized for not landing a stun that would've helped me escape, and focused on outplaying my opponents from behind. In the end I was able to win my lane every single game and gank other lanes to snowball them as well, without feeling a single ounce of pressure or nerves.   It was just fun, I bought Ziggs with the money I had saved on the first day of break and was playing him like I had my entire life! Instead of trying to focus on one role (I usually only play ADC) I offered to play anything except jungle, which I suck horribly at, and happily worked around my teammates' choices for roles.   I guess I'm rambling at this point but the
0	I never told my ex husband personal things that my best friends told me.  Girl code and they told me because I'm their BF not him.  And now we are divorced I'm especially glad I didn't tell him because God only knows what he would have done with the information. (He was pretty vindictive to me.)
1	I disagree, I think a lot changes.   From the perspective of Alex Garfield and Sponsors the "new brands" are exactly that - new brands. While some of the players are there the brand is effectively not tested. If the team performs poorly the brand is far more fragile.   The monetary support that results from things OTHER than sponsorships is no longer there. These new brands need to take whatever money they have and make it work. The EG/Alliance machine is no longer there for them. T-shirt sales, jersey sales, EG branded things that support the teams - gone. The supports on the back end for things like merchandising, etc all gone.   The EG and Alliance brands also no longer benefit from the popularity of League of Legends. How will this impact the fees which Alex Garfield will - rightfully and obviously - charge to maintain sponsorship through his agency which was previously heavily invested in the EG/ALL brands?   I am not sure how many teams Alex Garfield's sponsorship agency serves, but depending on how many there are, I only know of the two myself, at what point does obtaining sponsorships for teams you are no longer invested in as a brand stop being viable, or start being viable? What is the overhead on Good Game and is it worth maintaining this company?   Keep in mind Alex Garfield could easily not use GG as an agency and procure sponsorships independently for his EG/ALL brands through those brands directly. Even if the staff doesnt change the additional taxes and costs to running GG agency - how long does that remain worth it? At what point is reconsolidation into EG/ALL worth it for him?   Lets say this kind of GG agency closing were to happen - what do the teams do? What if GG agency goes on strong, but the new brands falter and can't carry themselves in the same way EG/ALL did and the sponsorships begin to falter or become smaller? Thats potentially huge for the new brands.   How will this impact the future of EG/ALL in LoL? In any other RIOT game in the future? After all EG is one of the longest standing and strongest most resilient brands in esports.   There is a LOT going on here. And to
1	I think when you think about the meaning of the word you differentiate between what we all may mean when we're talking to each other or at the bar, and what it means from a strictly legal standpoint.   If you told me Doyle Brunson was your favorite athlete I'd think you misunderstood me, but poker players were approved for athlete visas in 2010.  Chess players get them too.   Legal definitions can be tricky.  Infant means under 18.  No normal person would ever think of that 15 year old as an infant, but in law she is.  Gamers could never visas before because of the high bar that the state department set.   >You must be coming to the United States to participate in team events and must have achieved significant international recognition in the sport. The event in which your team is participating must be distinguished and require the participation of athletic teams of international recognition.   The tournament has to require international participation, it has to be distinguished, and the TEAM has to be distinguished.  Riot has done a good job ensuring that all this criteria are met.
1	thinking alot](   On topic: Jinx is a lane bully and also happens to scale into lategame best or at least is in the best 3 or so ADCs. This is not really fair since most of other carries are either weak early or late (or somewhere in between). Jinx is now still rather strong in all phases.   Any character that is meant to be a carry should by the definition NOT be strong in lane. The carry gets strong late game where he deals tons of damage and carries his team,but he needs help early on, which is where supports come in handy.
1	My deepest concern is that like later and more interpretations of the Joker, that she just does things just because. She is a cold hard murderer just because. She blows stuff up just because. And instead of getting a more complex character we got something that is a lot more shallow until what we have Joker now in the comics who is just so creepy, horrifyingly creepy with no real purpose or personality.   I was watching the music video and it reminded me of Tank Girl a lot and I don't really mind that at all to be honest. Because where Vi screams riot grrl and punk. Jinx screams punk, heavy metal mosh pits and female heavy metal like what Gene Simmons or Alice Cooper would have been if they were female for shock rock etc.   I'm not saying Jinx has no personality its just when you have someone who causes mayhem for fun and no other purpose than fun it creates a shallow character with no real room for character growth or arc.   Caitlyn has her arc with Vi who has her arc. Jayce has his arc with Viktor and they both have character growth. With Jinx coming onto the picture we will have character growth from Caitlyn and Vi as they get tested in no uncertain terms but what is Jinx storyarc out of it.   Yes she is hilarious and fun. Yes she is a instant buy from me. I just hope as we get her we can figure out what she is actually doing. And I hope her character doesn't degrade into the Joker logic of what happened to him. Eventually his sidekick Harley Quinn even redeemed herself and turned away from the "stupid blonde bimbo" of her character and actually grew as a character in Gotham City Sirens.
0	All I could think was, "Damn. My dick is in a pussy. That's never happened before. This condom sucks."   Then it broke and it was like the heavens opened up and a million angels sang the beauty of existence, my body exploded in pleasure and I fired into her like I was Luke Skywalker and her quivering pussy was the Death Star.   Was it perfect? Nope and I've had tons of sex that was better, but holy hell, that was one special night.
0	Funny, Canada, England, and most other countries' health care systems (are you aware that the US is THE ONLY first-world nation without universal care?) have like 95+% approval ratings and pay about HALF what we do per person.   Except their health care system has been a miserable failure and people regularly starve to death in their hospital beds and give birth in the hallways. You always have to wait months to years for life saving procedures.   >Your second comment to somedumbguy shows you haven't even done the most basic research on how a single-payer system would work.   Yes I have, it's bad. You need to do research on why medical care in the US is as expensive as it is and why it's hard to get and why the government spends so much on it.   Here's an example:
1	Another SHC game where we seem to tunnel on a mid lane pick and it doesn't work.   Analysis:   Starting from the initial picks and bans, kind of a surprise how the casters focused on Yasuo being a huge pick to be a contested by the two and kind of forgot about Twisted Fate until it was locked it. Yerrow going on Braum again, which I would normally like because he is a very talented support, but Alliance gets a very ranged bot lane and would probably be very detrimental to SHC, seeing as the only one who could get into the back line of Alliance would be Mimer and possibly Impaler with repel. Kind of surprised that Imapler did not pick up Lee Sin but then again, SHC probably did not expect the amount of range that Alliance would bring.   ~328- Kind of predictable to see that Shook would come back mid, following Selfie burning flash,  (so predictable casters called it.) Good counter-gank by Impaler but he should have gotten the kill on Froggen but cds suck.   545 - looking at the cs it is kind of a surprise that both Rallez and Selfie are out farming in their lanes, just because Cait and TF should have the better wave clear.   613- Selfie extends, pretty easy for Alliance and no cocoon from Impaler which is kind of interesting because of how much Selfie was pushing.   750- Kill given to Selfie is kind of a surprise because it would have been better on Rallez but it does even the kill with Froggen.   950- Pretty sloppy  dragon from SHC. With  Impaler having his red trinket down, not clearing that ward in dragon brush a bad omen for SHC. Rallez was also should have moved into the dragon pit for a dash out but he chooses to stand next to the TF ult. Mimer should haves TP immediately when we saw Wickd tp out but waits too long and has to cancel his tp. Good fight from Alliance, great Shook play on Rallez.   Froggen ddos.   1220- Bad Yerrow ult should have been the sign for SHC to get out of the fight. Still good to see SHC no their limits and they get out of the fight.   1250- Great Shook play, surprised Selfie didn't flash out.   1400- Just noticed how Alliance have gone 3 sweepers while SHC have gone 2 + 1 blue orb on Rallez. Ward coverage in favor of Alliance and no sign of Impaler or Yerrow building sightstone soon compare to Nyph and Shook already having one. Pretty bad reaction to not go to 3 sweepers, realizing that Alliance is out warding but just my opinion.   1650- Clutch dragon for SHC to try to keep gold close. 2 Top for SHC while Froggen being visible mid should have been a sign to rush mid. Instead SHC tries to 2v2 fight (in SHC success) which was very impressive but Wickd pushes bot inner leading for a Mimer tp. Good move for SHC to take objectives and lower the gold advantage that Alliance has.   2000- Still no sightstone from SHC.   2045- Overextending with little ward coverage. Alliance gold lead increases, bad move from SHC.   2240- SHC loses a drag due to 0 wards. Smart to not fight and send Mimer farming top. Too bad Froggen has an ult to see where everyone on SHC is and take a free mid inner because of bad movement from the 4 group on SHC. Mimer makes a great TP + Ult play to start the fight and knocks up 3 but it takes a solid 2 seconds for SHC to respond with a Lucian ult to start. Nyph throws down an excellent ult but Wickd gets caught out. Excellent fight from SHC, could have been better but trading turrets will suffice. Smart SHC rotation to the top inner but Froggen pushes bot to counteract the 5 man SHC push.   Something I noticed around the 2500 mark was SHC wards were only in the blue side jungle of Alliance, while Alliance's jungle control was spread throughout the river. When SHC took the first drag, they controlled river very well and was a very smart and cheesy strat yet they didn't seem to have river control for the rest of the game.   2900- The drag call from SHC was questionable. Seeing as they already disengaged the initial fight and took out ults from Wickd and Tabzz, they should have just backed off. A bad move to continue while their health gets chunked down and leads to the easy baron from Alliance.  (I saw that flash over Wraith camp Rallez.)   3500- Smart drag take from SHC without losing anything.   3800- Baron OP. It was a good call from SHC to initially take baron with Froggen being down. But the attempt to take out Tabzz while Baron still chunks down the team was dumb. Selfie focuses support for the fantasy but it is gg.
1	I wholeheartedly agree with this post. Ever since the inception of the League System, it has made playing ranked more of a chore than before.   Before, the League System was introduced, the ELO ladder was a singular ladder with a flat number that represented where you were skill-wise compared to others. It told you what your MMR was and the level of people that you play against and wins/losses were directly related to going up or down the ladder.   The current system, however, places you into into a Division between 1-5 in a tier (Challenger, Diamond, Platinum, Gold, Silver, or Bronze), and to progress within your division, you have to win a best-of-3 series to move up to get to Division 1. To promote entire tiers however, you need to win a best-of-5 series to move up to the next tier and Move up overall in the system.   The fault with the former ELO system was that it seemed daunting to play against others on an ENORMOUS ladder with hundreds of thousands of others that were fighting for higher positions as well. However, it was straightforward with your skill level and told you where you were as compared to everyone else.   Now with the League system, you can't drop Tiers any more, you can't see your MMR, and it takes a minimum of 16 games to move from tier to tier(assuming you win one game in your division to get your series each time). This means that you never know what your true skill rating is since you may play with people outside your division, you can never tell how you actually place overall since you can never drop tiers if you get outmatched in a tier you're placed in. Lastly, It also means that You have to win and play way more games in order to move up in the rankings. I can't remember where it is but there was a post a long time ago talking about how 2 teams in ranked 3v3s went 5-0 in placement and both were placed in silver and gold respectively. For the Silver team to reach the same position as the gold team, they requires a total  of 39 wins more to reach the same position, making their w/l ratio 44-0 to the already gold team's ratio of 5-0.
0	Freshman or just first time seeing the school's "custom" books?  At my school, a lot of classes use these custom books.  It's not a school specific book in the sense that has different problems or different information, the schools will make deals with the publishers to provide these customs with only the chapters necessary for the class.  For most classes, you won't cover a full text so chopping out all unnecessary chapters, it actually makes the texts less expensive.  In many cases, you can purchase an older edition of the book.  The chapter numbers may not match up perfectly and you may miss out on an updated case study or two, but the core of the books really don't change.  NEVER buy your books before your first class unless the professor explicitly instructs you to.  Always ask if they are ok with you using an older edition of the book.  Generally, I don't like going more than 2 editions back.  If it's a math class and homework will be assigned from the book, you're kind of out of luck.  Math authors are assholes.  They change up the numbers in the problems in each edition.  Exact same problems, different numbers so you have to buy the new version.  When this is the case though, a lot of times professors will put a copy of the text on reserve in the library where you can scan copies from the books.  At least this way you can buy the cheaper version on Amazon or elsewhere.  For the classes that require the online access, you can almost always buy access separately and a lot of the time a free e-copy of the book is provided with the online access.  I had one this semester - $180 text with online access.  $80 just to buy the online access and full version of the ebook with iPad app was included.
0	That does help a lot. Once you're labelled the only thing you can do is find your own way. Life in general is like that, not only school.   During my first teaching years I tried to teach my students how to learn on their own, how to make sense of the material they were required to learn, and how to find their own way to achieve their goals. Alas, most students want to be spoon fed. Students do need their teachers for guidance and inspiration... but there's much they can  and should  do on their own.   When I was labelled a problem student, I just started reading all my school textbooks from front to back on my own. When those weren't enough I started looking for further information at the library and on the Internet. I also researched how teachers graded work so that I would be able to assess my own progress. As a result I started taking exams and passing with high grades a year before most of my peers.
1	Elo Hell is not in Bronze, Silver or Gold. It's Platinum. It should be called Elo Hell, not Platinum. Good players around Platinum are as valuable as this thing itself in real life. I can't tell you how many times I have seen people wanting a role so bad they begged us.. many times they failed incredibly hard. I can't tell you how many times thoughts like "This guy is Plat, how is it that he can't stop feeding?" went through my head.   Elo Hell does exist, it's Platinum. People expect others to know things about the game and even if they do know a lot, they might just play without being focused. The seed of toxicity it is. I'd like to play with Bronze players in my team rather than Platinum players because most Platinum players think they are the hawt-shiet and approach ranked games without caring at all, in spite of the fact, that their knowledge is not with what you can make such approach. This is the thing that seizes my mind and body from conquering the ladder. From Bronze players I'd not expect anything. But they might say: "this guy is Plat, we are Bronze, so let's follow his calls and try to do what he asks us to do". On the other hand, Platinum players are like:  "U wot m8, im same elo as you! i dun take orders from ya scrub".   "But-but.. if you are so good you can carry yourself!" <- True, but I am not. I have never been in Diamond or Master or Challenger, but I'd like to be and I know I could be. Ambition, passion, longing, desire, enthusiasm, lust, craving, aspiration, thurst? Name it anyhow, I have it.  But I need to progress upwards and not be stalled by careless people. That's the only way I can learn on my own. I have the ability to detect good and bad teamcomps, I know when my champion and others' are useful or the opposite. I know what's a good call and what is a bad call. I know when, where and how to teamfight... The game however, is not made to be carried by one man who knows things, craves the victory, lusts for carnage on the Fields of Justice just so he can have the satisfaction of climbing the ladder.   Riot's approach on the game is making it more and more team-action-oriented. You need other people to be successful if you do not yet know more than them to be successful - no matter that you are more focused than anyone else in this damn "game", or heck, sometimes your whole team combined. Yet, you are punished even if you give your best and others do not. You are punished for trying, for craving something that at some points, only your teammates are able to stop you from getting.   Am I a competetive player? Hell yes! Others? Not so much. When I lose a game, I jump into another and with what I observed - I mean, you know, where I fucked up - I try to be even better. Others? Not so much. When I call you names because you've been doing the same things over-and-over again like someone with no recent memories of himself getting brutally murdered and sent to the fountain as a handful of levitating jizz as your champion has passed out it's spirit, sort of like a  coup de grace  only to remind you, you've screwed things up.. I'm doing that to remind you - as you seem to have no recent memories -, not to offend your fragile peace. What you get from the things I say? That I offended you. You still forget that the last 5 times your died happen'd because of the same foolish mistake.   I hate that I have to be competetive in an enviroment that supports people without this mindset. What can I do? I can get higher. Yes. But I need knowledge. Will it come with time? Yes. Would I find myself 2-3 divisions higher in an alternate universe where the only people who play ranked are willing to focus on the game, and - well yeah' - are competetive? Yes.
1	Hello everyone,   I've been an avid LoL player for the past 2 years, and an avid fantasy hockey player for much longer than that.  When Riot first came out with the news about LCS, I was super stoked about it - and after watching the first 2 week's worth of games, I was hooked.  One night after watching a hockey game on TV and checking my fantasy league, I immediately thought of how cool it would be to have a fantasy sports team for the LCS players.  I hopped online and checked it out - at the time, there was only one site up, but to me it wasn't a "true" fantasy sports site, like hockey or football.  After waiting a while and getting tired of not seeing any updates regarding the topic...I decided to start my own project.   I teamed up with my cousin (software engineer) and after months of hard work, I present to you Draft Demacia - A LoL Fantasy Sports Site.  A quick list of the features can be seen on the coming soon page.  I'm super excited about this and I feel it will bring fans closer to the LCS series that we watch.   See you in the Live Draft where I'll be first picking TheOddOne #TSM #BAYLIFE
0	The people who want to put iPads in schools are:     Apple because $$   Apple Resellers because $$   Administrators taking $$ from Apple and Apple resellers because $$   Textbook Companies because book licensing per year = free $$   Apple and Apple Resellers because replacing broken iPads = $$
1	Everyone seems to be missing the point here -  they are making their own P2P . This patch will:     Uninstall the already turned off PMB.   Provide information on your local network and computers to Riot   Allow them to develop their own P2P software so they can turn it back on in the future.
1	That's probably intentional and the tooltip needs to say that if it's really an issue.   Chasing invisible units outright denies them their invisibility (Wraith: "It's here! Riiiight here, I'll slow it for you and stuff. There's also another guy in that bush btw")  Less of an issue or Akali, but more crippling for Shaco or Twitch trying to escape.
1	I'm doing this informally and just for fun, there's a decent chance I could be off with these calculations. But let's say you build a Zhonya's, Rabadon's, Seraph's embrace, Rylai's, fully stacked Mejai's, and a DFG. You go 15 offense and 15 utility to get all the AP in the offense tree and the increased max mana in the utility tree. This gives you 22 AP at lvl 18 as well as 5% increased AP and 5% increased mana. For runes you go scaling AP for everything. This gives you 83 AP at lvl 18.   Now for the (likely erroneous) math. First off, your mana will be 2,205. 1,100 from base mana, 1,000 from Seraph's, 95 from the mana mastery. The Seraph's embrace passive grants you 66 AP. You get 700 AP from the flat AP from items. So for the total AP calculation, not including the increases from rabadon's, the mastery, and her stacked passive. It is 700 + 66 + 83 + 22 for a total of 871 AP. Now the fun part. Assuming the AP multipliers stack multiplicatively, you multiply 871 by 1.3, then 1.3 again, then 1.05. The final answer? 1,546 AP. Actually lower than I expected.
0	These aren't specifics but Famous Black writers/poets, inventors, politicians, musical influences, the history of the Middle Passage, Jim Crow/segregation, Black migration to the north, etc.   Speaking from the perspective of a black/bi racial man, it is important to see people from your culture/ethnicity so you understand there's more than just the streets, and your mind can take you everywhere.  I was all about trying to act like a thug, not care about school, and was assigned Malcolm X's autobiography and his writing touched me because I understand where he was coming, and could follow his metamorphosis from the streets, to jail where he educated himself in the library, and after his release his fight against segregation and pushing for black pride.  After I finished the book, I said fuck the streets, finishing school, go to college, and onto med school, and that's what I'm doing.   It's important to see where you come from, to understand the struggle it took to get here, and so you don't squander the opportunities afforded to you.
1	It's because Alex Ich said one of his options is going to Brazil (due to visa's advantages). Except Kabum (and Kabum Black, its sister team) are relatively stable so very improbable. Since we have foreign player limitations  (only 2 foreigners per team are permitted) the only team with foreign spots available (and can afford Alex) would be CNB, but they have mid and are desperately in need of top and jung.
0	Background:  My friend met a seemingly nice and mentally stable girl. After 6 months, she mentions that they should move in together (sign one).  They look at a house to rent.  Due to time constraints, they need to make a decision within three days.  He gets cold feet, and she gives him an ultimatum, either move in or break (sign 2).  They move in together, and so starts her very erratic and bipolarish behavior.  This past Friday, they meet up for happy hour.  She asks, " how much do you love me?" Him, "ehhhh."  In all seriousness, she asks, " is okay if I sleep with my boss to get a promotion?  It's not a big deal. It's just sex."
0	Story time!   I know how OP feels. My dad was in the Navy for 30 years and my parents were divorced for much of it. He has never had a girlfriend that any of us have met personally since, only ones that he had when none of his friend or family were around. It is all very convenient.   He has, although, had several "roommates" since then that of course we never got to spend much time around. The strangest thing to come of this was two years ago we had a guy show up at our door on Thanksgiving with wine and flowers asking if my dad was home so they could catch up (he wasn't, he had moved for work and my wife and I had moved into his house while he tried to sell it.) It was pretty awkward. I'm certain this old "roommate" was actually an old boyfriend that was lonely on Thanksgiving and wanted to see if he could hook up with my dad or something. The guy very awkwardly made excuses about the wine and flowers like he knew my dad wasn't out.   I know he is at least bisexual, and also leans heavily towards men. I know this because when we moved in to his house we cleaned out his room so we could have friends stay for a week. What I found inside his closet was a makeshift safe made of plywood with a lock on it. Unfortunately he had accidentally left it unlocked and open, so I had a look in it before I could stop myself. It contained a large number of gay porn dvds and a shelf dedicated to various sex toys of the male anatomy, including a fake butt and penis combo. I imagine this is to practice reach-arounds.   I don't mind him being gay or bisexual at all and would fully support him if he came out. I've often thought of talking to him about it, leading in with the "I don't care if you are gay, I support you" but if I didn't care why would I bring it up? I have since thought of maybe saying, "Hey, I think I know this about you and if you want to tell me go ahead, and if you want it to remain private go ahead, but I just don't want you to have to hide a part of yourself from me" but that also seems like things could go terribly wrong. I honestly don't know how or if I should ever bring it up to him. On one side I honestly think it is his business to tell if he wants to, and on the other it tears me up thinking he is hiding and ashamed about a part of himself that is completely normal.   I'm also aware that sexual preference and can change many times throughout a lifetime. This only adds to the confusion of how to to talk to him about it because maybe he did actually have those girlfriends and he just happens to have a thing for gay porn. I dunno, life is weird when you know someone's secrets, doubly so for a parent.
1	YO VYLO DUDES HERES SOME REAL FEEDBACK   So I haven't tested it yet, but it already offers more than Talk.gg with the chat, I dig that. When I'm talking to my friends and we reference something like a funny link we have on us, we like to post it to facebook cause you can click and go to the page. Talk.gg doesnt have that but you guys have a Chat which is nice. Only problem is when I pasted one in chat you couldnt press it to go to the page.
0	Personal anecdote here:   When I was a kid my dad put a floor to ceiling map of the world in the main hallway of our house. I walked by that thing every day for ~12 years. To this day I ROCK at geography (though countries in Africa have changed a lot in the last 30 years), and have won many a drink in bars being able to name national capitals from around the world.
0	The iPhone is over priced? The GS4 I just bought was only 30 dollars cheaper than the 5S. The note 3 was the most expensive of the four that I looked at at 50 dollars more than the 5S.   I have an android and just had an iPhone.  They're both great and terrible in my opinion. I liked and disliked a  generally equal amount about both. Where's my money going next time? IPhone,  but purely out of personal preference. It's not much different in price and I liked the Basicness of ios more than the personalization of Android.   And I'm no privileged kid or well off guy, just a hospitality industry worker,  earning my tips which I live off of.
0	This would be true id stores took the discount from the total.   But stores don't take whatever percent off your total during a sale, they only take the percentage off the cost of the items (not including tax), because they aren't getting the extra money you're paying for the taxes, so they aren't going to apply the discount to that total.
0	My girlfriend got pregnant when we were both 23. Bought a house and got engaged at 24. Married when we were 25. Two more children after that. I turn 29 this year, she turns 30.  Extremely happy to have her and our kids in my life everyday.
0	There are so many things wrong with this post that I could write a four page essay on why OP is a piece of shit.
0	I've always been awesome with papers as they give me more control of the matter, exams are what I hate and especially in engineering it is hit and miss on whether you get a decent teacher or not.   I don't mind spending a whole day working on a paper since I can handle that.  I just can't stand indiscriminate cramming and memorizing formulas for exams.  The classes that were the most challenging to my classmates but the easiest to me were the ones that had open-note exams and big projects.  Part of the reason I hate chemistry classes is due to the huge amount of rote memorization.   On the 3-5 hour a week quote: this was my dad's 4th masters after getting two PhD's and doing research with the army for a number of years.  He could have probably done it in his sleep.
0	Keywords are good but don't overload it (and good lord make sure it's things you actually know because if it's on there I WILL ask) a page of solid text is hard to look at and regardless of what good nuggets might be in there, I'm putting it aside because it's a bother to read. But also because you need to be concise. Yeah we're engineers, but we write reports on what we've done and you need to be able to get the point across without putting the reader to sleep.   The way it seems to work out, I'm handed a stack of 10-15 resumes and I have a few hours to decide who I want to speak to in order to let HR know. I also have a full time engineering job to get done.  I'm skimming them for key words at best.  I wish i could give you the time you deserve but i just don't have it.  A coworker showed me his resume once: Three solid pages of keywords, he reasoned a computer sorts it anyway, put everything.  Sitting on this side I'll tell you: nope. Ain't nobody got time for that.   But when I do meet you, know that I know you're fresh out of school. You won't know everything and most of what you know isn't all that relevant.  We're hiring grad level kids, we know what we're getting.  Not everyone is going to be like me, but a big part of your impression is not what you say but how you say it.  How passionate were you about what you built? How excited were you the first time your code gave you the right answer? We can mold you into what we need.  You can always learn specifics later but you need to be the kind of person who actually will.  An engineer is never done learning and we've got enough lazy ones.   All that said, getting the interview is the hard part.  Every single job I've had, I knew somebody first.  If you did internships, call your old bosses.  Do you have friends who graduated last year? They're you're best bet, they'll be happy to help, they get a referral bonus.  Once you have your first job, build contacts, it sounds obvious but be friendly to everyone; be likeable and make a good impression because you never know who will end up in a position of power there or at the next job.  Burn no bridges.
0	Shaw in Canada is the worst for this. It's story time: when I moved to the city I signed up for the Shaw student plan for $54 every month for cable and internet. A few months ago I knew my student plan was going to run out again and would need to be renewed. I called them and asked if I could do that. The guy I talked to on the phone said that because there was still a month remaining on the previous contract, I would have to call back in a month. Fine, whatever. I called back a month later and was informed that not only could I not renew my student plan, it was no longer offered and if I wanted to continue service from them it would be over $120 each month.   I was pissed right off since if the guy had renewed it when I asked I wouldn't be dealing with this shit. I called three different times and spoke to three different people about how unacceptable customer service the whole situation was. No one was willing to do anything to help me and they seemed to adopt a mentality of "too bad for you." I even had one guy get irritated with me and say that he was doing me a huge favour giving me an extra month for $73 but they would not be accommodating me any further. Fine, fuck them then. I talked to my fiance and we decided that since we don't really watch the cable we could easily get rid of it and save some money.   When I called back and requested that they cancel my cable, I told them why when they asked. They were sure quick to give me the $54 a month plan back when I threatened to go elsewhere. It makes me so mad. It was clearly very easy to do. The girl did it in less than 10 minutes including my spiel. The three times I spent on the phone with those other idiots was probably 20 minutes + and I got nowhere.
0	If you need to make a paper longer, find another quote that is related to the point you are making in some section of your paper.  You can then spend a sentence introducing the quote, use the quote, and use a sentence or two explaining the quote (which is really just a short rewrite of the original sentence you had about that point).  This not only adds length without needing more real content, but it gives the appearance of more research on the topic.  Using techniques like increasing fonts on periods, changing margins, altering line spacing ect. are incredibly easy for a teacher to spot if they hold a correctly formatted paper up to the light with yours in front.  If they catch you doing this, don't expect them to give you the benefit of the doubt on any other aspect of your paper.
1	Yes, I did some numbers on the tribunal a couple times.   You only need to look at how many reports you average per game, the amount of games you played and the amount of tribunal cases you reviewed.   So I have like 2k games and I average 1 report per game.   I have reviewed 100 cases, I think Im above the average.   And I average 1 report per game.   So if 1 report would equal 1 player that gets through tribunal, only 5% of reports according to the sample size of [me] get processed.   But sadly 1 report is not equal to a player going through the tribunal, you need mutiple votes from multiple people in order to determine what is a good verdict. I always estimate 20 to 50 votes per case. A case has multiple reports too, I took some random cases out of my tribunal page and it averaged at 9.   Even if we are generous and average it at ten, that means that only 1% to 2.5% of reports cast go to tribunal.   Then we have the whole issue of reports that never go into the tribunal, such as unskilled play.   And then finally we have the tribunals stunning punish rate, on the first 2 pages of my tribunal only 1 player got banned, 2% punish rate.
1	You can climb the ladder no matter what lane you play. The hard part is getting the lane you want to play in Solo Queue. For me this was easy, since Jungler is the least picked role, even less than support. :) As for your argument about top lane, my brother who also plays LoL is a top laner (plays pretty much only that) and he climbed to Challenger on EUNE playing only Riven.   And as a Diamond player who was Gold 1 with over 100 games in Gold league 3 weeks ago, I guarantee you that anyone can get to Diamond with the right mindset.   You don't need to be talented. If you focus on improving, you WILL improve. The trick is to know what mistakes you made, and why. Recognize them and you will keep getting better and better. Don't think "BUT IF my team did that then my play would- NO. Forget about the variable of your team. YOU are the only variable. Think about what YOU should've done to change what happened, not what your team COULD have done.   I climbed from Gold 1 to Diamond V in 8 days after I changed my solo queue mentality (and after I started playing some Evelyn instead of hecarim only :P). Getting from Diamond V to Diamond III took longer, like 1-2 months. As long as you can recognize your mistakes and ignore your team's mistakes, and never expect anything from them, you will always get better and better.
0	or we don't associate our mothers with sex if we don't have to, and very few of us ever entertained the thought of sleeping with a teacher. The other stuff you can go back and forth on. The biggest problem is that with all things online, the consensus cannot be gauged using a sampling selected to support one particular view. Most of the meme's mentioned are encountered by redditors, 'in the wild', the scumbag fat girl, we've all met her, I am pretty sure the problem with her according to most who do interact with her isn't her being extraordinarily large, but rather her attitude she surrounds herself with. The good girl versions do reak of blatant misogyny and sexual objectification, and I don't think they are necasary, shit, there was one earlier that pointed out bigger girls have rougher sex, I mean, seriously, that was something someone thought out and decided, yeah, this is probably true.   College liberal isn't a Lesbian, she's a dipshit hypocrite, that's what her meme is centered around, we've met her, some of us got caught in her bullshit. Same with scumbag stacy, we've interacted with her, guess what, cheating on someone in a relationship? Yup, still a shithead move.   This whole Fat Girl thing is stupid, completely misleading, people are confusing physical traits with the traits that describe how individuals behave within the normal range of social interaction, I don't give a shit if you are skinny or fat, or black or white, but if you are a self righteous cunt-dick or dick-cunt about it, I want to ridicule you in the way that I feel the most people will see and agree with, through memism(?) memeology(?), whatever.
0	That's when you walk out. They have the classroom from, we'll use my class times as an example, 10:00-10:50 and if they're still going at 10:50, just pack up and leave quietly. Most professors will understand that you have other classes and obligations. And if they don't, just take a friendly little trip to the dean's office.   I know what it's like to have a prof go over. I have class from 8-12 most days and we have one who went over almost religiously. It's a little different for us because he had a two-hour block of time and we're in the same classroom all day, but people still got up and walked out for their break.
1	Why Do i watch Dyrus stream?     First off i played with dyrus back in beta days and when we all knew each other. (jax)    Then he started streaming and back then he was home and had few viewers we where liek a circle talking in chat him respodding or just playig solo Q (or some random fighting game or OSU!) back then dyrus had liitle pressure on him and he did what ever he wanted weather it is anime or league.... And people like me liked that Dyrus was a layed back guy and a verry good player. Somtimes i just tune to his stream leave the sound on the background and play league while dyrus was getting trolled by "manyreason" that helped me greatly to not get mad over trols in solo Q i just mawed game after game not giving a f**k. I dont like dyrus cuz he is tall or because of his voice i like Dyrus because he was somone who had same taste in music as i do liked anime and japan in general and was not ashamed of it, I liked Dyrus because there is always something entertaining in his stream when he as Epik or even now when he is TSM (always fun those random moments when Chaox or Regi cam to trol dyrus! Chaox passes by randomly saying you're beutiful dyrus... TRM randomly screeming on the background and what not) perhaps nex players think he suck but i can see his play whenever he is playing no matter what if he is loosing or winning Dyrus has always something to show you guys and you just don't focus or just new to the game, I mean the simple fact of last hitting just show you the difference between you and a Pro gamer and there is no doubt in my mind what so ever as a league veteran that Dyrus is a progamer and in fact one of the best if not the best of what he does (Don't believe what he says Dyrus is Smart and will eff you up if you lane against him unless you're that good and had a better jungler that his, but when odd bro is around.. well gg). i am 26 form a far far away place and I tell you all I inspire from dyrus and learned so much from him and still do. What changed over the years is that now Dyrus is a progamer ina well known and sponsored team and the fact that he had and will have up to 40k viewers sadly comes with a big price: Sadly i an no longer just com in the stream say "Hey man" and he will reply hey beause 50 people in the chat is not like 40k and unlike many i dont hate him when he does not reply to messages i send or comments i make because he can't it is hard i know i can't do that but people don't understand and the result is drama for nothig. i don't understand why can't a guy feel hapy when he wins a major tournament and when he accidentally does everyone gets butt hurt and starts drama saying dyrus changed dyrus this dyrus that.... Chill out dudes and try to see things from his perspective. Dyrus mate keep up the good work don't feel obligated when people troll you this is a price of fame and you can not please everyone.
0	The origin of the word wasn't exactly my point, though you've made a pretty good one against it. All I can say is that they haven't put "fag" out of usage in the UK because of the way Americans use it. I don't see why we have to put "retard" out of proper usage just because it's become an insult. When I was in grade school, people were just getting into saying "good job, Einstein" when you did something stupid. We haven't started calling the physicist "the E-Proffesor."   I guess I didn't make my point well, so let me try again. I have a little bit of experience with "Special Needs" kids. I got a credit in high school for tutoring one of their classes. The first day, I was shocked to find how "normal" and cool they all were. (Looking back, I know I shouldn't have been so surprised, but I was a fucking high school kid.) One girl was really obviously slow, but she liked a lot of the same stuff as me. One boy was almost completely non-functioning, but he was smart as hell when they made him do worksheets and things. Other than that, I really couldn't tell the difference between them and anyone else.  Because they were all so "normal," that's how I treated them: like I treat everyone else. The first day, we were all having a grand old time playing board games, and towards the end of the period, I lost more badly than usual. I said "Arrrgh, that's dumb."   I hadn't said "retarded" or called any of the actual  people  dumb. I was just expressing distaste for the outcome of the game.   The kids stared at me in shock, but the teachers flipped shit. They yelled at me, told me they didn't say  "that word"  and took me up to the Counselor's office to get removed from the class. The Counselor managed to talk them down and I got to keep tutoring, but for the rest of the semester, the teachers didn't let me work as closely with the kids as the other tutors. They made me do homework all hour and never paired me with anyone except [the slow girl who likes the things I like], because she specifically asked for me almost every day and they couldn't tell her no.  I got to hang out with them at lunch, (because the teachers couldn't stop me) but other than that the teachers completely cut me off from them. Because I'd said "stupid."   It was at that point I realized how much allegedly "qualified" individuals ruin Special Needs kids. They shelter them from anything and everything that makes them feel different, then dump them on their asses and expect them to suddenly learn how to deal with being different. There was actually a boy one year older than me who couldn't cope with the job they set him up with. A little bit into my senior year (the year after his graduation), he came back to the school and tried to go to his old classes. When he wouldn't leave, the school called the resource officer, who had to come and tase him. The school even acknowledged in the official story that he came back because he was treated better at the school, and that it was the only place he felt at home. Well, who could have fucking guessed?   I'm definitely not saying that we should treat Special Needs people badly, because they're some of the most friendly and honest people I've ever met, and deserve bad treatment the least of anyone I've ever met. But unfortunately, if they don't know they're "different" from other people, and will be treated a little differently when they leave school, bad things can happen.
1	Really I think the whole issue is less about whether he will be over or underpowered and more about the fact that Ezreal's W was something unique about him.  Sure he probably needed a nerf and sure the W's debuff might have been the obvious target, but to get rid of it entirely seems not only harsh, but wrong.  They probably should have just made the debuff significantly lower or something, but at least kept it.  Now there is essentially no reason to level W until you have to.   There's too much "Good he needs a nerf.  Too OP"  and "This nerf is unfair.  Ez sucks again" going around.  Really we need to take a moment to look at the good and the bad.   Good:  Ezreal probably needed a nerf and the debuff made it too easy for him to jump in and trade when he was meant more to poke.   Bad:  Now essence flux is almost entirely useless and we lose one of the things that made Ezreal unique and fun to play.   We shouldn't be happy with these kinds of changes.  Too much of this kind of nerfing will lead to all the champions being the same and that is boring.  Rather we need to alter what exists to make it fair and then seeking new counters and trying to alter the metagame instead of complaining that something is too hard.  I feel like if the percent debuff on essence flux were drastically decreased, it would be much easier to deal with, while still maintaining some of the fun mechanics of Ezreal
1	Back in season 2, vman7 was one of the most toxic players I've ever had the chance to play with. He got his first perma ban, I agree with that.   I have not had the lucky pleasure to play with him in season 3 though (as his elo is too low). However, I just looked at the report card for his second perma ban, and I am surprised. He is not even that toxic. I would not have punished several of his cases, and I don't think his current behavior deserves a second perma ban.
1	Hey RedThirteenLoL - I just picked up League about a month and a half ago after one of the viewers of my stream suggested I give it another shot. Ever since then I've been addicted and have been playing for 8 hours+ a day and have already spent over $100 ingame (free game op). I'm really looking to get into this game competitively and would love a coach to help me achieve that goal.   I lost 8/10 of my placement matches and was placed in Bronze 3 as a result. In my opinion my actual skill level is probably around mid to high Silver. I main ADC and Mid. My favorite champions are Jinx and Twitch for ADC, and Orianna and Lux for mid. As I play Soloq I also have practiced jungle, top, and support so that I have a good knowledge of all roles. As for support I prefer Thresh or Zilean. For top I choose Singed or Teemo. For Jungle I prefer Nocturne or Fiddlesticks.   Although I play (and stream) league 8 hours a day, I also read guides and watch videos for 2 more hours. In addition I play at least 3-4 new champions daily vs bots so that I can get a feel for every champion. I know how important it is to know your opponent in this game, and I strive to practice every aspect of the game to improve my play - including playing champions I am not actually interested in to learn their abilities and cooldowns, strengths and weaknesses.   As for my personal goals, I am looking into getting into the game as far as I can go, and to be as competitive as possible. I have been a long time competitive pvp player in MMO's for quite a while, and played at 2200+ in wow from Season 1 until the release of MoP. I would like to get into league at a high level, and learn from an experienced player on how to achieve that.   I believe my dedication to competitive gaming, the ability to receive and use constructive criticism, and my current knowledge of the game would make me a great candidate for this experiment. My current play times are 9am PDT - 6pm PDT   My IGN is VoidMoon   Sorry for the long post.
1	Just because she is slightly more mobile than those adcs doesnt mean she is better. Also, twitch is a bad comparison since you can sometimes get out of sticky situations with his stealth.   Kogmaw is indeed less mobile but his range is so much longer and he does so much more dmg than mf with his w and has an ult that is really good poke/siege. Varus has longer range than mf and has a snare that can potentially hit an entire team and he has like poke that is 300x better than mfs poke. Jinx has a lot of range with her rockets plus some aoe and with her minigun she has a enormous attack speed steroid which means she outdamages mf. Twitchs ult just out classes mfs ult by unmeasurable proportions it can crit and twitch can move while ulting unlike mf.
0	I did one in my first year of uni that was due at 12:00. Because I was basically Lazy College Senior in first year I started the process of going online to submit it about 11:56ish, but then the internet went really slow and it was received at 12:00:50. I nearly started crying, panicked (knowing it was my own fault for leaving it so late kind of made it worse) and rushed into the school to see what the procedure was. Turns out at my school they still accept it as on time until 12:00:59 if the deadline for that specific piece of work for that specific module is phrased as  at  12:00, not  by  12:00, which it was. The lady at Student Services was looking at me like I was the worst person and kept telling me I was really lucky and should plan better. Which was true.  That was the closest call I ever had and I am so lucky that that module leader at my school worked that way as pretty much anywhere else I'd have failed.
1	I've never seen a community bitch more then /r/leagueoflegends. Not only do you complain about the game itself, but also features, champions, lore, LCS, the community, the developers, server stability, cosplayers & fan art, but we're now gonna go for shit like the mods who barely do much but remove unrelated topics.   Cosplays are oftently +100 on average aswell, so obviously the majority of the community enjoys them aswell, and even if you prefer masturbating to your hentai anime girls bullshit it's not a good reason to remove them.   The mods are getting payed in RP by Riot Games because of their management on this subreddit, which is why Riot has a lot of power here. Most likely Riot has specificly told the mods that they should not remove HyperX Videos since they're sponsoring LCS teams, which indirectly supports league of legends itself.   The reason they're not making exceptions to rules (e.g we usually remove these kinds of videos, but we'll let this one slide) is because it'll heavily backfire when the community gets upset that x was removed and y not, which is exactly what's happening right now.   For the people moaning about cosplay & fanart, saying we should have separate subreddits for it: You're retarded. We already have separate subreddits for so much that this subreddit is soon gonna die. We have suggestions, streams, vods etc & now you want fanart aswell? Why don't we limit ongamers material to /r/onGamers then? or funny League videos to /r/funnylolvideos and helpful videos to /r/summonerschool? Maybe move the entire LCS discussions to /r/LCS and we'll have this subreddit dying.   The main subreddit, /r/leagueoflegends is suppose to be a 'best of' these fake subreddits. The most enjoyable content out of videos, fan art, cosplay etc is to be posted here alongside news & interviews.   If you don't like what you see, downvote it. It's all you have to do. You're all saying "Everybody hates cosplay idk why it's allowed " and still the cosplay posts are at a stabile +100 -> +500 rate. So obviously people actually do enjoy them.
1	While it may seem like a good idea for players to make Chromas purchasable by IP, it would not be a very good strategy for Riot. Chroma skins are cannibalizing products meaning they compete with other skins that Riot has to offer.   When a player decides to purchase a skin, they make a choice on a variety of skins a champion has to offer. If Chroma skins are an option to be bought with IP, it would directly compete with most skins sold for RP. This means Riot would lose a potential sale had they not even made Chroma skins available for IP or even not introduce them at all.   Chroma skins will most likely be competing with the lower tier skins that Riot has to offer and will not affect the sales of rare skins in the legendary tier because if a player wants to spend money on a quality skin, Chromas will not make them change their mind.   Riot can either lower the price of their Chromas in terms of RP or just not introduce them at all instead of risking cannibalizing their other product lines.
1	You're unranked with rankeds in your match history. You're too mad. Biased. Look at the size of this rant.     There's a smaller Player Pool size in 3's so a higher Elo in that, really means nothing to Summoner's Rift. 1000ish 5's is like "average", and 1400s 3's is basically nothing     Silver in SC2 is like really bad. You can make Gold with no micro skills and just mass producing Queens. The players in Bronze/Silver in SC2 are like the equivalent of 800 Elo kids, so what's your point.     There's a Ladder in Call of Duty. (I'm pretty sure I don't play Console Trash)       All in all the people in this thread need to realize that they're not mad that their stupid number isn't high enough, they're mad that they can't log on and just play an EVEN MATCH.   That's what people want. Even teams. Even match. Even skills.   Unfortunately most of the people are really BAD at this game.
0	I was considering posting myself, until I noticed you've said exactly what I've wanted to say. Right now I'm in a committed relationship myself and she was my friend first. A woman is not my friend because she is attractive, a woman is attractive because she is my friend.   Imagine the choice:   Person A has quality X, Y, and Z I'd like them to be my friend. As a friend I grow to trust them, care about them, and enjoy having them around even if we aren't doing anything exciting in its own regard.   Person B is pretty hot, but I don't know them that well.   I don't understand why it would be so bad that I'd prefer to be intimate with someone I care about rather than someone I hardly know at all and is just eye candy to me. Should I feel bad that I would desire that more personal connection?   I suppose from my perspective it might be different because I equate being sexual with also being in a relationship. It just feels wrong otherwise--I've tried it and it wasn't for me.   Honestly this topic is a bit unnerving for me too, because I've lost some friends by admitting I was attracted to them--it didn't mean that was all they meant to me, but they took it as such and would avoid me and literally  cease all contact. I'd have been cool with staying friends if they weren't into it, but it hurts when you think you can admit that to someone and they no longer want anything to do with you. Maybe they were never really my friends to begin with.   By now I'm ranting so it's probably better I shut up.
0	It seems my first attempt at commenting failed. This thing is somewhat known in the Xbox 360 homebrew scene for claiming it was porting an n64 emulator, posted pictures of "progress", taking significant donations to complete the project, and then ended development without finishing due to school or something. It then released source code that was terrible.   A little detail about this if anyone cares. The Xbox 360 uses a GPU that doesn't support a fixed-function pipeline which just means that some functions are removed or not supported. This makes porting something that implements these functions difficult because to replace this functionality you need to write HLSL shaders, which requires an understanding of what the DX code was doing as well as an understanding of HLSL. So unless you have that ability, n64 video plugins are an advanced project. What this thing did was it chose the emulator mupen64plus to port because there is a plugin based on the SDL library. SDL is a bridge for cross platform development, you just have to port SDL and then anything that uses it because much easier to port. A talented coder had ported SDL, so this emulator is seemingly easy to port, BUT, unfortunately the SDL video plugin really only supports super mario 64, and very very slowly at that ( It will sort of load zelda with tweaks ). So that was out of the question. There was a  "texture fix" update that was made which seemed like a big advancement, it was in fact a change of a single number from 16 to 15 for the bpp (bits per pixel ) field of a surface function. So that's where it was left, a bunch of people donated money (stupid) and got some disorganized and semi-functional source that without being completely redone, or at least the hard work put in, was useless. There are many other difficulties in porting emulators between platforms, but none of those had to be overcome here. This thing could very well be capable of coding these projects and just doesn't want to, but it seems there's a pattern here.
0	For a while some time back he would open sciencey responses with Biologist here! ten go into a very intestine and enthusiastic explanation of stuffs. This led to him standing out in a sea of user and becoming reddit famous. He has on occasion used his fame it help with sciencey things like bring awareness to research on ravens.
0	The exact opposite thing happened to me once. Saw a black guy standing outside his car in my entirely white and mostly retired Jewish affluent neighborhood around 2 AM. Asked him "everything OK?" He said "Yeah." I replied "Because it looks like you've got a flat."   This story isn't about breaking down stereotypes, though. He then sheepishly admitted that he didn't know how to change a flat and that he didn't have a jack or a tire iron, although he did have a donut. First I had to help him remove the massive subwoofer from his trunk, then I showed him how to loosen the lugs, raise the car, and swap in the donut, using my own jack and tire iron. I laughed because there was a bowl (pipe) in his trunk, which he said he'd been looking for recently. After I finished changing the tire, we had to put the subwoofer back in, which was its own mini-project.   As a thank you, he offered me a bag of weed, which I politely declined. While we conversed he mentioned that he had been arrested 14 times, all for marijuana except twice for assault. As we said our goodbyes he said he was surprised that no one called the police, implying that he knew he was in a neighborhood full of uptight white racists. Rightly so apparently, because barely two minutes after he left, a marked cruiser arrived and the officer asked me, still outside my property smoking a cigarette, if I saw the vehicle in question. I said I had been outside for a while and saw nothing out of the ordinary and the officer left without double checking.
1	Honestly, that was me, the dude in the Wil. E Coyote hat. Pretty crazy that he actually listened to me and it caused them to win the game. He even thanked me after they won the set.
0	My parents are fighting to get their foster son back from his druggie mom. My parents were helping this girl and long story short, she stole, lied, overdosed many times and managed to live and then beat the kid on his first birthday. My parents had him and he was thriving and happy. Well, after not complying with any of the judge's orders, she got him back. My parents asked for a short continuance as the day before the court date I gave birth to my daughter, started bleeding uncontrollably, needed a second surgery and several units of blood and was not completely stable. They were told no because the mother had the right to not be kept from her son. My parents and sister were terrified that when the said goodbye they would not see me alive again.   Mom gets kid back. Gets high and overdoses in front of her son twice in a 24 hour period, hitting he head on the table the second time causing her to lose her eye. She stole animal tranquilizers from her work. She had the kid six days. After about eight weeks she was granted custody after only having supervised visits for two hours once a week. She had also threatened to kill my parents. She is on a locked rehab ward and had at least one positive drug test while there. Her son is now living there with her in a 12 by 12 room and is doing terrible. The mother told the social worker she only wants hi, because she gets welfare and medicaid. Yes, after stealing from her employer she can't get a job, so the state is paying foe her to live in the rehab AND giving her welfare. My parents are fighting form him. The rehab workers keep calling dcyf because she isn't taking care of him and they are ignoring the calls. My parents known this because the kid's lawyer was contacted and is working to return the kid to my parents as she, his doctor and teachers sent statements to the judge that he was better of with them.   This girl blames my parents, who were paying for her food, rent, diapers and clothes for the kid and their rent and eventually my parents reported them because they feared for the kid's life. He loves them. My family loves him and they would do anything for him. At first they hoped the mom would get clean and could take care of him, but it is clear it won't happen. She is either going to kill herself or the baby's father is going to kill her. There is so much more to the story, believe it or not. This is just the highlights.   People need to be concerned where their tax dollars are going. The system would rather a child be worth an abusive, neglectful mother than a loving home because the mother has rights. Oh, and the social worker told my mom and sister this scumbag might consider giving the kid up if they apologize. All they did was try to help her. Then they took care of her son while she was supposed to be getting clean so he wouldn't get sent to a stranger. They gave her as many chances as they could and then some. But they should apologize.
0	obviously a throwaway cause I fully expect to get down voted into oblivion but here goes.   LGB sure I get that whatever do what you want hell I even get drag kings/queens transvestite etc etc but the thing LGB have in common is GENERALLY you don't have the problem of welp thought I was with a woman (or man what have you) but oops guess not turns out I'm actually with a dude or vice versa. The biggest problem I have with that is the arguments "Well it doesn't matter what I was before I'm now a man (or woman) so treat me as such" or "I wouldn't tell my prospective partner/partner that I was born as a different gender because I fear for my safety (or because I'm a woman/man now)" (both of which I've argued with my friends that are trans and have seen/heard time and time again)   Ok well it doesn't work like that If I sold you a car I claimed was a Ferrari for 250K but it was really a fiero with Ferrari on the title a body kit and a paint job. You'd be more than a little pissed off and I'd be sued into oblivion for fraud. If I were to use the same analogy describing a trans person I would be labeled transphobic racist etc etc.   I have a friend who was with a guy for almost a year (my friend is MtF) when the guy found out that She was trans he broke up with her. My friend just couldn't understand why he would do such a thing "they were in love etc etc etc" "it shouldn't matter what I was I'm female now" and I had to think to myself I don't know maybe because you flat out LIED to the guy even if by omission it's still a lie   Another thing I don't get is okay you got SRS hormones etc etc that doesn't make you the gender you want to be except in appearance. If I spent 400 thousand on a totally realistic mecha giraffe costume,ate leaves,hung out with other giraffes,chilled on the plains of the Serengeti  ,tried not to get eaten by lions, truly thought I was a giraffe and told everyone beforehand to treat me as a giraffe because I am one now. It doesn't matter cause I'm still not a giraffe I'm a guy who spent exorbitant amounts of money to LOOK like a giraffe
0	IIRC one of the elaborated reasons (in the hadith) that dogs are forbidden had to do with Mohammed. He would travel and spend the night here and there with different people but would always pray and be visited by the angel Gabriel.   One night he stayed at a home where a family had puppies. That night Gabriel didn't come. When he later on prayed and met up with Gabriel he was essentially like   "dude.  the fuck? "   And Gabriel informed him that angels cannot appear when there are animals (souless creatures) in the home.
0	If your brother got out of a car to go help accident victims and is an EMT he sounds like a standup guy.... also just so people know, some jurisdictions if somebody trained in first response has the ability to respond but does not- even off duty then can get in legal trouble for not intervening
0	Confession bears at
0	Sorry, man. My mom died last year during my freshman year of high school. It ain't fuckin' fun. Felt a little like being stabbed in the face and chest and getting my legs lopped off. However, I decided not to feel too bad, 'cause my mom loved me tons and she knew I love her the same. She wanted nothing more than for me to be happy and would hate to see me wreck myself after losing her. Some people never see their parents; some people live to see their parents killed. Some people dont have any family at all. I'm lucky to have had those glorious 15 years with her and to have the rest of my wonderful family still around. I don't think I'll ever get over the death, though. Losing moms is just an event in life that most everyone has to deal with at some point. For the first few months, you'll feel like you'd rather be in hell with your back broken, but trust me; wounds heal with time.
1	Quinn is a stronger adc than nidalee, nidalee is a very weak adc lol.   Nid in human form doesn't have AD scalings. So she has her spear, AP scaling poke ability, W, AP scaling trap (multiple uses, not really useful to throwdown in the middle of fights though), and a decent heal/AS Buff, that scales with AP. So you have very minor damage through your damaging abilities (since you don't build AP to scale them), and a heal/AS buff, basically leaving your entire damage output to your AUTOATTACKS.   If you want to have a purely auto attacking champion, why not play Caitlyn, Jinx, Trist, etc?   Quinn scales with AD, has a strong AD scaling Aoe damaging blind (extremely useful when timed right), W granting vision of the fight, preventing further flanks/escapes, and her E, Great damage, especially when combined with her passive. Going bird form isn't really meant for 5v5 teamfights (it's more meant for escaping/chasing down other champions after skirmishes and to increase duel potential), so we'll leave that out of the discussion.
1	It's not about dodging every skill shot. That kind of attitude is exactly why people fail badly against champions like Nidalee, because they think the only way to counter it is to dodge everything.   It's about using every part of the game to counter poke damage and turn it to your advantage. If you are standing behind a row of caster minions at all times, there is practically nothing a nidalee player can do to hit you with a spear.   As for not standing by your tower, I'm not suggesting you're going to avoid every single skill shot if you don't stand by it. What I am saying is that when you are forced behind your tower you have two separate paths either side of it if you want to attack a minion and that is significantly easier to predict than in the middle of the bridge where you have full freedom of movement and a bush. You don't have to dodge every skill shot, but if you can start blocking and making them miss even 50% of them you're going to be in a much better position.
0	I was considered a bit of a bully by a lot of quiet kids back in high school. Like so many others, I turned out that way as some sort of a defense mechanism. When I was very young, I was shy and a really sensitive kid. Other kids would be mean to me and try to actually hurt me. At some point, I just had enough. I decided that clearly some kids can't be reasoned with and that they only understand one thing. So I got into a lot of fights and made sure that however hard I got teased, I could return the favor tenfold.   Because of this, by the time I got into the later years of high school, I turned out to be very loud and confrontational. Me and my friends would constantly try to prank everyone. At this point it was no longer a defense mechanism. It wasn't even mean-spirited, I was just trying to have some fun the only way I knew how. Also, it was the only way I knew how to make friends and interact with people in a "positive" way. Most people would indeed just laugh it off and I was quite popular. In hindsight, this was probably not just because they thought I was funny, but also because they were scared I'd use my "teasing skills" against them. I didn't even realize how some kids couldn't handle this or didn't appreciate it untill I heard from the principals office that we really had to stop teasing this one kid because he was actually becoming suicidal.   None of us even realized this. We'd tease him relentlessly, but we would tease everyone, including eachother. That was how school had "raised" us. We considered him as one of us. It was mostly silly pranks we pulled on eachother and most of us would just laugh it off if this happened. It was never mean-spirited and when things got out of control, we'd stick up for eachother. The kid turned out alright, but I still regret that I didn't notice how much he suffered. If he had just said something or had told use how he really not appreciated this without downplaying it. I had basically become the guys I hated so much when I was kid and I didn't even realize it.   Schools aren't safe environments for sensitive kids. I know how many people won't agree with this, but sometimes mild violence is the only answer these kids understand. If I hadn't stood up for myself and if I hadn't started fighting people who would try to bully me, I would have probably been bullied all the way to my graduation. It was also the only way to make sure that teachers took this situation seriously. Kids who are truly mean are really rare. Most of them are just kids who are trying to hide insecurities or are bullying just so they don't get bullied themselves. A lot of them don't even realize they are hurting others through their actions. Some of the kids I fought with, became good friends. They realized that they were actually really upsetting me. I think I only met one kid who kept teasing me regardless. I think he actually liked getting beat up.
1	As a trynd player i have to say that in the laning phase the only thing that kills my game is getting zoned, or being harrassed to the point i cant even AA enough to get my heal, so if you are ranged, keep AA tryn, and try to last hit at the same time, sounds dificcult i know, but that's the best way i can think of.   and mid-late game, just cc... really, that's it
1	Why should that stop me from giving my opinion on your opinion?   Well, to tell you the truth, in all this excitement I kind of lost track myself. But being as this is reddit and it has a lot of ppl(some of them idiots) voicing there opinion, It provides an excellent platform for drunk me to procrastinate and troll the fuck out of ppl. And If you feel bad about getting trolled; you've got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk?
1	I think of it as this way. If you are a higher pick and just because it took you a second or two longer to type out "Top please" than the guy who instantly spams "TOP" and then he goes "I CALLED TOP" immediately after you typed, then I think it's fair to say "Respect pick order please." Most of the time though, my champ selects have been with people willing to discuss who gets what. Was 4th and 5th pick for like 8 games in a row and was able to get the lane choice I wanted.
0	I know nothing about this kinda stuff but s bunch of (normal non accountant people)  told me I could claim gas,  clothes,  and anything else used for work. I didn't try to claim clothes or anything.  Where I worked was work - casual and I own almost no nice clothes,  but right after I got there the location owner (idk her official title and it took months for me to know who she was... She never talked to lesser employees and never introduced herself and wasn't at the office much past like,  noon...)  got busted stealing donation money to pay for her own stuff like a wedding and a car,  and she swore she didn't do it,  that the donation money was "in the building,  but they just never had a chance to actually donate it"  and gave us a year of dress down as a bribe.  A bribe that very much worked.
1	School is not as easy as you think it is. Especially when you haven't been doing it for a while. I've studied for 12 years before I got into a university, and still I find university challenging and near impossible at times.   No offense, but even for the LCS pros, their careers will end within the next 5 years. You can't be pro forever. Like every sport (I consider league an e-sport), all professionals have a timed career. After that, they won't have anything to help them sustain their lives (in terms of money), unless they have already had a backup (Some LCS pros have college degrees, or have had work experience).   Yeah, you will make a lot of money while playing in the LCS and being a pro gamer. But can that money last you a life time? I doubt it. Maybe the best LCS players will make enough to help them last. But certainly not all of them. There are 40 spots in the LCS (8 teams x 5 starters). There can only be 40 at at time. They are pooled from a population of 200 challenger players (This is an generalized assumption), and maybe some of the top diamonds. So your chances of even MAKING it into the LCS is, lets say... 20% (of course thats using my 200 population assumption, obviously its more). Essentially, you're playing for 3 years in hopes of "applying" for a job where your chances of getting it is only 20%. Thats not something worth betting for by spending 3 years of your life... you're certainly better off in school.   Also, take account your age. As you mentioned, you have another 3 years before you can meet the age requirements of LCS. What will even happen in three years? Will league be as popular as it once was? The league of legends e-sports scene would have been present for over 7 years by that time. With the continuing growth of technology, the prospect of a newer and better game is a true reality. Will you be able to adjust to the mechanics of a new game, or will you be simply going pro in a game that gets old?   I don't want to come across as an ass or someone thats trying to ruin your dream. But as someone whos in university and whos gone through so much school (I'm second year mathematics major), I just don't think you realize the reality of how hard it is to be a success. I'm not saying you have absolutely no chance, but your chances are slim, and the result of you going pro may not even be what it is three years from now.   Look at this doublelift interview, he explains the scary reality of "all-in"ing as a pro gamer. If he fucks up, he knows that he will have no job, cause he doesn't have a college degree.
0	I've been ticketed four times (so far) for speeding; all gifted from the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a badass old-timer patrolman who told me straight out "I'm only giving tickets out for speeding today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were speeding and thats what I gotta give you a ticket for". I was going 70 in a 55 (country road). He then told me most HPs won't even "look at you twice for going 80 in a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart ever since, drives about 1200 miles a week, and a frequent weaver, I can say that 99% of the time it's absolutely true!
1	Hes still pretty hard to lose lane as   Reading straight off Elementz tier list: He loses to Shen, Malphite, Olaf, Udyr, Yorick, Jax, Riven, Lee Sin, Renekton, Irelia, Jarvan IV, Nautilus, Wukong, and Darius pretty hard.   >worst case scenario on GP, you get counterpicked, and then you still get all of the CS.   Or, they pick Poppy, outlane and dive you, AND outscale you.   >Raise Morale allows you to get the treasured 1 shot on melee's after two hits, and one shot on ranged minions after one tower hit, something that often times you have to build AD for, but on GP you can build pure tank and still get that.   Congrats, you can cs under tower. So can half the bruisers in the game.   >Also his ult is probably one of the best forms of initiation in the game.   Malphite, Skarner, Nautilus, and Wukong all bring the same thing with higher CC, innate tankiness, and a much better lane phase.   >Oh and its near impossible to gank him, speed boost + orange, np.   Nobody needs help against GP.   >Oh and he can gank really well (passive red buff np)   Udyr with red buff is the same thing, except he finishes the clear 30 seconds earlier, puts out higher damage, and can easily kill GP in his jungle if he even tries for that red buff.
1	I can't say there is, everyone can just lie and say they have no experience with a moba when they make a new account so there is no way to regulate who's new and who's a smurf.   Thing is you just have to impart on to your GF how to play league, the basics, last hitting and what hurts (towers, jungle camps, baron, dragon), and then just having her play it out. I come from experience teaching my friends how to play.
0	I've been playing 20 questions with my four-year-old niece. The other day we had it down to a large, dangerous animal that is furry and brown. We guessed everything, naming every animal imaginable until we (her 7-year-old sister and I) said we gave up. The four-year-old said, "I'll give you a hint; Aunt Cloud_watcher has guessed it twice."
1	I'm not sure why tracking win-rates of individual players avoids the correlation vs causation problem. Players that tend to lose a lot are more susceptible to raging a lot than players that win a lot.   The whole problem of finding causality links is that you can only observe correlation. Determining causation requires observing temporality. If you can show that flaming is stochastically what occurs before the game really starts to go downhill, then you've proven your point. If the only thing you can show is that you observe on individuals/games/teams/whatever that flaming is correlated with losing, you have no conclusive evidence of what causes what, and the best you can say is that flaming and having your team lose most likely tend to cause and reinforce each other.   Note that it does mean that in all likeliness, raging deteriorates your chances of losing. But in all likeliness as well, the numbers shown in the infographics and videos are more than just what is caused by raging and are also partially due to losing being the cause of raging in some games.   Source: Post-doc in a field that involves a lot of statistics.
0	I am unsure how other countries do this, but in the US you pay an Internet Service Provider, ISP, to provide access to the internet.  In most areas a single provider has traditionally had a monopoly.  Although this is not as true as it used to be, your options are quite limited, the costs are high, and the service poor compared to the rest of the world, even many third world countries.   But this ISP is paid by YOU to provide the Internet to YOU.  But now the ISP wants to be able to sell access to you to internet content providers by giving you good access to sites that pay them and crappy access to those that don't.   The concern about this is that internet will become dominated by sites that buy their dominance rather than earn it.  Much of the US business is already dominated by large business that dominate the economy by buying political access.  This will spread that to the internet.  The largest ISPs have been giving large amounts of money to politicians to get this approved.  The head of the regulatory agency involved, the FCC or Federal Communications Commission, is now headed by a former lobbyist for the country's largest ISP, Comcast.  Besides wanting permission to sell access to you, Comcast wants to merge with the second largest ISP in the US.  Both companies have terrible service reputations, but maintain market dominance through political connections.   This policy is universally unpopular with citizens but their input is not really significant because political influence is primarily a matter of money in the US.  The main opposition comes from other large companies that would be hurt by a stagnant internet.  You would think that major content providers like google would favor this new system since it would allow them to buy a dominant position.  But many of them oppose it because, like google, they make money by selling access to you to advertisers and are interested in maintaining a vibrant internet that will attract users to make their ads valuable.  Companies such as google have the financial resources to compete with Comcast in the purchase of legislation and are our main hope in preventing this change.  But things don't look good.   edit: by request:
0	There is some supreme irony where you write, "You want to advocate for increased ambiguity and nonsense in language? Cool story, bro" that a great textbook example of a strawman, and then follow it with, [...] because what you're actually saying is simply illogical, and you can just go do the logic on your own".   Regardless, I will pretend that I am dealing with a rational person.   In cases like "biweekly" or in any case where ambiguity arrises, we will give more context. So the sentence itself has ambiguity, but that isn't uncommon for an utterance divorced from the discourse. What we do is say something like this:   >Class with meet biweekly. Mondays and Wednesday at 9am.   or   >Class will meet biweekly. Every other friday at 7pm.   Now, back to the issue at hand, "literally" and its uses. It does not mean hyperbole, it acts as an intensifier for a metaphorical phrase, other words that have similar functions are, "very, really, pretty and so on". Here is an example from James Joyce,  >"Lily, the caretakers daughter, was literally run off her feet."   Now, we don't necessarily know what Joyce was getting at much like there is a moment of ambiguity, the problem in this particular case like "shit his pants" they can be both metaphorical or actual and literally didn't help. That wasn't poor language on the part of "literally" but poor choice in OP's style. If he wanted to communicate something in actuality he should of used "actually".
1	If you already are a challenger level player, you can carry 4v5 and will not have problems achieving 90% winrate in plat and below.   But you are not. It's not that easy. You learn, but you don't learn that fast. So you climb slow and losing a game in a promo to an afk that trolled the game before is a thing that can take hours to redeem.   Hey, some challenger said he can win 4v5 anyways, so obviously you should just do the same. Doesn't matter if you are a plat player stuck in gold or anything similar.
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends.   I haven't been streaming often finding quite hard to stream when no one is watching but will be strongly motivated as more people come! When I do stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   One of my streams in a nutshell
1	Lovely website! I love teamfinding LoL sites, but there's a few things I'm looking for in particular, those being:     A team website that will stick around. About once every month an awesomely done website just like this (Although this is absolutely one of the better ones I've seen design wise) will make it to the top and be praised and showered with Karma. Sadly, these websites slowly die off it seems. None get backed well enough to be worked on, get dropped by the creator(s), or do they make it to the side board. Yes, there is already a subreddit for this, but /r/TeamRedditTeams is dead as hell sadly. I understand this is easier said than done, but a man can wish.     An option to find normal teams. I'm not a huge ranked guy, nor am I a solo person. I absolutely despise joining with randoms lately. Win or lose, its either boring or frustrating. I love the team aspect of the game and rarely get to experience it with the few groups of people I have added.       Trying to find other competent people in solo normals is near impossible. I just want to have fun while having that true 5v5 experience with some cool level headed people who enjoy the game as much as I do.
1	I don't really care about downvotes. If they don't understand me that's their problem.   I'm not interested in comparing features. That's not what I'm getting at. This is about the player, not the game.   My point was that LoL is challenging and that saying it isn't indicates someone prefers another game, not that they're too good for this game. Instead, Dota2 players argue LoL is easier or weak but play below 2400 ELO when they try it. If it's so easy, play better than that! Wait, you can't? Other people are better than you? You die from time-to-time? Then it isn't an easy game.   I'm also not arguing Dota2 is easier or worse by any means. But for some reason, if I were to go and argue that the teamfighting makes LoL harder, I'd be laughed out of the room and lose all my karma. You'd know it was bias and you'd ask me why I wasn't the best teamfighter there's ever been and why hasn't a Dota team recruited me yet to transfer my epic teamfighting skills. Yet when someone comes here and claims LoL is for noobs, everyone bobbles their heads in agreement.   And disclaimer: I have a Dota2 key. I don't play it. I don't really want to re-learn a game that plays almost exactly like the one I'm already playing, with the difference that it's harder to enjoy than the one I'm playing but you get the same results. But that's my preference and I'm not claiming otherwise.
1	Both teams had pushed an inhibitor at around the 8 minute mark and it became a hilariously one sided for TBD whom for some reason still took 30 minutes to group and end the game.
1	Your beer is stronger than the generic mass-marketed swill that dominates advertising time.  That is indisputable.  However, American craft brewing is incredibly rich and diverse and we probably make beers that are stronger than Canadian beers.
1	Thanks for the comment.   Firstly, the small dash "backwards" only occurs against melee attack so no need to worry about wonkiness of the mechanic.   For the (Edit: original ultimate, it still has very low counter play. Sure, I know you are targetable,hence I said ALMOST untargetable in the first content section but I did ask people to skip that if they can't be bothered so its my fault. Also the enemy deciding where she will end up after it is a counter play but not really the best as the damage still goes through and if she kill and shreds a people or two, during the ulti, its already successful ulti.   For the tenacity, you do have a good point point.   Try reading the ultimate content (3rd section) if you are not too sure from the
0	You also sound like my boss. Oh sure, he comes over for barbecues. I know his wife. He knows my girlfriend. But fuck me sideways if I don't hate his fucking face more than anything. If my boss were to tell people what I think of him, it wouldn't sound anything like if I were to tell people what I think of him.
1	No one has said anything about him being the MVP. They're chanting his name for his contribution to LoL and eSports. The guy really put things into motion. Back when there were almost no streamers and no own3d he did his best to do the best he could for people wanting to watch streams. He was happy with 1k viewers which was huge back then and look at the viewers streamers net in now
0	I was learning to drive years ago, I learned to save gas you can let your foot off the gas and let the car slow itself down when approaching a stop sign. I was going 40mph down a 45mph single lane road, about 300ft(stop sign is ~400ft) from me is a kit of pigeons! I proceed to not hit the brakes thinking they will move, I am pretty far away for them not to notice me. At 200ft, they are still there. 150ft still there, I am thinking these are some ballsy motherfucking pigeon. At 100ft, I wonder how many birds get run over by cars each year. Now at 50ft, I decide that I am doing evolution work by killing these non car fearing pigeons! just before impact, I glance down to see how fast I am going. I start to break at the point they were standing, and I reach the stop sign to glance in the rear view mirror only to see a plume of feathers cascading down from where I struck the one remaining pigeon with my car.
1	I'm not disputing any of that, if monte was the faker of coaches, yea maybe he could've sorted CLG's problems out. But to say he sucked as a coach from one teams data which already have problems and that he didn't live upto the hype (which also doesn't make much sense considering he has always been very humble about his odds, he didn't say seraph was an upgrade to nein or that his team could beat C9 in the playoffs) is ridiculous. I'm not telling you to suck his dick, but to generalise that because A lost and B won, A must be bad and B good is stupid argument. The better team doesn't always win. Admittedly I don't think CLG in the playoffs were a good team, but that doesn't necessarily mean monte was a bad coach. Also why is a team good in the first place? SKT who were sooo dominant in s3 didn't make it to worlds either, is it because they had a shit coach too?
1	Both "options" are bullshit. Poppy is a do or die Champion. And I like that. Sion is somewhat like you fail and everyone laughs [in a positive way]. And Poppy is high on the rework list because "there is no counterplay" [nonsense. The Teamcomp has a weakness. Why is that a bad thing to abuse?]. And then they introduce things like Yasuo's windwall, the greatest "I shove this thing into your face and you cannot do shit unless you are melee or are lucky enough to not depend on *projectiles [like Poppy btw]"-no counterPLAY skill.
1	It's only an unfair advantage if one team has one, and one doesn't. Having someone there to time jungle camps, dragon timers, baron, etc only makes the game better. It's only a problem when one team has that advantage and the other doesn't. Pretty much all team games from Halo to Counterstrike have had coaches that time weapons etc. "Coach" is a looser term, sometimes it's just a players brother who can watch a clock and count down 3 min from when the Rocket Launcher is picked up. It only advances the game and makes high level play even more competitive.
0	Well, if you are doing this as a cyclists you clearly have a death wish. I remember this one time during the winter I saw this dude at 5 am who had a reflective best (so that people could see him) headphones on (I was able to hear the music from across the street), a whistle that he would blow when he was going from the sidewalk to the street and viceversa (so that drivers will notice him) BUT riding like an asshole (cyclist here) AND without a helmet on. I get it, people will notice you when you blow your whistle but   if they are distracted?
0	That's okay man. Imagine yourself to be a hostel. Your feelings are your guests. Sometimes you get some nice ones, sometimes you get some nasty ones. Some guests stay a long time, some just a short while. Your job as a hostel is to accomodate all of them, without judgement. Eventually all of them will leave. And you will be fine.
0	Every time the annoying middle aged woman in my math class asked a question when the professor explicitly said, HOLD QUESTIONS UNTIL THE END OF THE SECTION, I'd laugh. Finally one day she said loudly after i laughed IT'S EXTREMELY RUDE TO LAUGH AT PEOPLE WHEN THEY ASK (dumb) QUESTIONS. She didn't show up to the class after that day.
1	In case post gets deleted, here's the self text from 2littlepigs:   Our plot starts like this:   About 2 months ago, a post was made on the League of Legends General Discussion forums announcing the ELO Hellfest (now known as Ryze Up 2012) tournament. Immediately after discovering it, I knew I was going to assemble a team.   A week down the line, our team has officially been created and we filed for registration. The team consisted of myself, my brother, and several of our friends. We were officially registered a couple of weeks after that.   Then, earlier this month, the accounts of my brother and I were both hacked. Upon logging in to both, we discovered match histories full of 'troll' games (champions played included Mundo/Eve, scores were always like 0/10, etc. etc.). However, we chose to ignore this and move on, realizing it must've been a keylogger on our computer.   4-5 days later, both accounts are banned until January 31st. This is several days after the final day for which our round 1 games in the tournament had to be completed.   I contacted the tournament moderator about this issue (Insomnium) and he told me I had to receive approval from the team we were facing, and the two potential teams we would face in the next round.   Long story short, the enemy team refuses to accomodate to this because their leader declared 'it is inconvenient for my team to reschedule the matches'. We had a mature discussion and I explained to him our situation and why he should reconsider, but he conclusively refused to change his team's position.   Players/People like this make me a very sour person :(   Thank you Insomnium, and team 'The Hardcore Caravan' for proving once again that my lack of faith in this community is not misplaced.
1	Some people just want to get a few viewers or some sort of kickstarter.   I do stream occasionally without any ads or asking for donations. I just like to see people watching my games. Sadly there are only 3-4 viewers and then streaming is just not really worth it. Im not trying to go for 1k viewers, 30,40 or 50 are enough. Maybe even less.   For my part I just like to see people cheeting if I made a good play, its much more fun. I even try harder cause people are watching me. Additionally I get less frustrated/dont flame at all because of people watching me. Its a nice thing for self control too.
1	It has to do with data packet sharing. For example, if you were to do a 1v1 match, then data would be transferred from you to the servers and then to the other player. Similarly, the other player sends data to the servers which is then sent to you. Now, this is a little simplified, because communication between the three parties is nearly constant.   Now, let's pretend it's a 3v3 game. In this case, player 1 is sending data to players 2-6 AND is receiving data from players 2-6. So now, instead of receiving data from one other person, he is receiving data from 5 other people. And don't forget: this is true for every other player. So essentially, whereas a 1v1 is a relatively simple exchange of 2 packets, if you add 4 more players, then it becomes an exchange of 30 packets. (Once again, it is a good bit more complex than this, but you get the general idea)
1	look this sht happens to alot of people....... especially since the lawyers and stuff really have no incentive to expedite shtz.... and also brokenshard is in israel so the lawyers and mangers dont feel as compelled to do their best.......................what really blows my mind however is the fact that brokenshard has been permantly replaced from the team with 0 salary....... this is completely absurd...if a player in a traditional sports has visa issues he is can be placed on reserve for a team but no team can just simply cut all ties with the player and leave him hanging without pay after the player has SIGNED WITH THE TEAM... this isnt some tryout period where brokenshard is not garunteed a spot on the team. brokenshard had already signed with the team as a STARTER. WHICH MEANS THAT THERE SHOULD BE GUARANTEED MONEY..... THE ONLY WAY HE DOESNT GET GAURANTEED MONEY IS IF BROKENSHARD signed a SHT ASS/STUPID contract with COL that allows them to cut him whenever and without guaranteed salary during an ongoing split.. if it wwas the end of summer splti then they cut him it would make more sense but its the middle of the Split and he has no chance to sign with another team ..this is a SHTTY MOVE BY COMPLEXITY MANAGEMENT! and THis fact really needs to be brought to light. ...  Wickd has talked about this before of how new players sign SHT DEALS with SHiTTY teams that dont gaurantee anything but require everything.... ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING HOW VALUABLE BROKENSHARD WAS IN the promotion tournament. WORSE OF ALL....B/C COL Fired Broken... he now has no proof of a job in the US which means he will be denied the VISA he was workign on getting and NOW HE CANT EVEN Tryout for the AMATEUR TEAMS. THIS IS JUST UNREAL AND DISSAPOINTING .. we as  league community need to get behind the players and help them out.   RIOT and other players know just how shtty the COL management is dealing with this.... and alert younger players of how careful they need to be when signing a new contract. also there really needs to be a players union that helps younger players with their contracts and deals
0	Eh, some men are pretty shitty when they're called on their infidelities as well, there's usually a lot of "bitch, slut, whore" thrown around, and a lot of douchey iciness afterwards.
0	I once trained to be a customer service rep at a well-known ISP.  During training, we were asked to look up other local ISPs and compare speeds.  When I discovered that one had listed dl speeds as 50MBps, a fellow trainee proceeded to argue with me in front of the class that Megabytes and megabits were the same thing (he was a self-professed computer expert and a former employee of another ISP).  I repeatedly told him that he was incorrect and said there were 8 Mega BITS to one MB, which he would counteract by saying "I worked for other ISP, I know."  Then gave up and said "someone just google it."  It was like reddit in real life.  Fast forward to taking calls... I would frequently hear things like "...well we could get you speeds of up to x megabytes per second with x package..." from the cubicles around me.  I didn't last long there.
1	Because, Curse picks differently. They don't pick the most overpowered heroes like most teams, it's just the way they pick/play. They pick heroes they are comfortable with. Nyjacky's Morgana, Westrice on Darius, Cop on Corki, etc. They're picking what they are comfortable with.
0	Second that. As a teacher in maths, I would say when giving an open question along those lines "solve this poblem" from time to time you will face students using original ways to get the right answer. You cannot 1/ say it is wrong if the answer is right as well as the method 2/ you can only tell yourself next time to be more specific on the way you formulate your exercise.
1	Not necessarily.. If the opponent is behind or the enemy jungler is missing it may be better to let the wave push back to your side where you would then freeze it and zone the enemy laner.. this does a few things.. First it will prevent them from catching up (exp and gold). Second, they will most likely go into jungle to farm camps which would deny their jungler farm (if they are also behind this will relieve jungle pressure for other lanes). Third, the enemy may try to set up a dive using multiple people (2,3,4,5 doesn't matter), if you communicate that lanes are missing and can ward well, you can counter their dive. Fourth, they may attempt to dragon/baron, which can also be countered with proper warding and man power. These will all ultimately lead to increasing your lead. However, these are not guaranteed to happen. These are just some possible outcomes.
1	I know that sometimes people will no cooperate. What you can try to do ,once you are ahead with champions like zed, jax or maybe someone who has cc, is after pushing your lane to the end or taking the turret go to mid, bot or top and try to add some pressure, hence take a turret or get a few kills. Of course, before roaming, look at the lane you are about to gank and evaluate if its even possible. If not , extend your ward coverage around the enemy jungle and push further applying more pressure thus making the enemy respond and letting your team increase it's lead or take objectives.
1	I want to share some insight on Lee Sin in midlane,i've asked some people about what they think about him and most of them dont have high hopes,they think he sucks so i would like to hear ur guys opinions and share my thoughs.   So basically Lee Sin is a snowballer that scales superhard in midgame if allowed the lead,if you jungle with him you will most likely not get that early lead nor farm and you will HAVE to build tanky so you can scale into late game and lee tbh isnt the best tank,there are way better tanks out there.   Top lane lee sin on the other hand has the farm and the ability to snowball hard in lane and be able to build damage items (my opinion about items is Hydra-LW and full tank so you can scale into late game and still be a damage threat)but we all know that toplane is lonely and most games not much happen up there teamfight-wise.   And to get to the intresting stuff,midlane.It is basically like toplane BUT he can ROAM and we all know how good he is at that,its basically like a lee sin jungle but deadlier,so if you have the team comp and the counter he is a great addition (greater than the other 2 roles i feel like)
0	The child was black, I think the point is that people are focusing top much on only the racial (as evident and pronounced they are) as opposed to the even larger and just as worrisome  problem that police have a history of brutality and being let off Scott free.   Over 5000 deaths have been inflicted on Americans since 2001 by the hands of officers (more than American deaths in Iraq some news report) and just over 80 something cops have died on duty. The number includes traffic related deaths.   The racial discrimination of these brutal events should be noted, but what should piss people off the most is the police (not all, but who cares? If I go around killing people and I am part of an organization that covers it up or let's me go for no reason other than I am part of an organization the whole place should be investigated) are fucked up.   The post could also read:" a full grown black man goes violently robbing a place assaults (allegedly, as unlikely as it may or may not be) an officer and dies || a 7 year old black girl sleeping is killed by a cop, no one bats an eye "   It's not  just  about race, it's about militarization of an agency that is supposed to protect us and instead cripples innocent people financially and in way to many cases kills them in the process.   America has about 10k deaths a year from gun violence and about 5% of them are from cops killing people.   On top of that the legislators look at handgun violence and combine police and civilian actions. Police add a huge chunk of that violence and they want to criminalize handguns for any civilian.
0	Friday night: yaaaaayyyy I can stay up because of no work tomorrow!   Gf: don't stay up too late we have to get up at asscrack :30 to take dog to humpitydumipty then we gotta shaddraddthalada....until then we will be tab a bad a baba doing ..... Sunday we have to clean the yadda yadda yadda and then go to Walmart..... Maybe just maybe Sunday night you can have time to fart.
0	The comments to this are the straw that's broken the camels back, time to unsubscribe to adviceanimals. Yes, the motorcyclists were at fault, however they do not "deserve to be paralyzed". Somebody made an excellent point in another post about this. Most of the bikers probably did  not  see what happened, simply saw a guy coming off his bike, stopped to see what was going on, saw the same guy mow down 3 motorbikes TWICE and hightail it. Tell me with that information and a 180MPH super bike you would not chase the fucker down and beat the living shit out of him?   Remember, a crowd is only as smart as it's stupidest member.   EDIT: if you wanna hop on the bandwagon of downvoting me:
0	Fyi, although I'm not saying that coat-hanger abortions didn't happen, or that such a thing wouldn't be horrible, a good bit of what's said about the "bad old days of illegal abortion" (for instance any claim where someone talks about "5000 deaths a year") is very much exaggerated.   Dr. Bernard Nathonson, an ex-abortionist turned pro-life advocate, was one of the key players in the legalization of abortion in the US. He wrote "I confess that I knew that the figures [they fed to the public and media] were totally false and I suppose that others did too if they stopped to think of it. But in the 'morality' of our revolution, it was a useful figure, widely accepted, so why go out of our way to correct it with honest statistics?"   (He also said that they played the Catholic card, made it seem like the only people opposed to abortion were some Catholics, and suppressed the views of pro-lifers of other Christian faiths, other religions entirely, and pro-life atheists. But that's another story.)   Additionally, Mary Calderone, medical director of Planed Parenthood in the 1960's, said "In 1957 there were only 260 deaths in the whole country attributed to abortions of any kindSecond, and even more important, the conference [on abortion sponsored by Planned Parenthood] estimated that 90 percent of all illegal abortions are presently being done by physiciansWhatever trouble arises usually arises from self-induced abortions, which comprise approximately 8 percent, or with the very small percentage that go to some kind of non-medical abortionistSo rememberabortion, whether therapeutic or illegal, is in the main no longer dangerous, because it is being done well by physicians."   This chart from  shows the downward trend in maternal abortion deaths in the early 1900s, when medical care was improving and antibiotics becoming more available. Though the numbers are low probably before and after Roe due to under-reporting, the trend shows that legalization had virtually no impact on the already declining number of abortion deaths.
0	In America, or MERICA!, many men, for some reason, take a great deal of pride in being able to operate a manual transmission. It's like a notch on their man-belt to them, it's very strange. Now, lets ignore the fact that most people who "can drive" stick shift, are absolutely horrible at it and would be much better off with an automatic from a wear and tare standpoint alone.
0	It's true, God was pretty much a total asshole to Job for no apparent reason. I feel like He, after making Earth, got so piss bored one day that he decided to "test" his most loyal follower. You know those times when you were a kid and you just burnt ants? That's almost exactly what was happening here. Whenever an ant survived my deadly lazer of death and destruction, if I haven't raged and stomped them or euthanised them, I'll make them the king of all other ants.
1	Keep in mind:     As long as you don't have a competitive aspiration towards a game, watching pro streams is apeshit boring. Since LoL Competitive or at least SoloQ Scene is really big, way bigger than any other eSport Community.     SC2, DotA, DotA2 and HON all have a considerably high Entry Skill Barrier. i.e. If you don't wanna be stuck in Bronze Ladder in SC2, you better watch those Day9 Newbie Tuesdays.     That being said Skill Caps in these games can be considered higher than in LoL. I'm not saying LoL is simpler, but you can go further with skill in e.g. HON (think propperly farmed and played MB/Chron).     The Skill difference you observe is quite possibly a factual one. You can e.g. also watch chu8 who left HON for LoL, and basically instantly did well.       HOWEVER: Dyrus is obviously the professional Solo top player of a Tournament-winning Team. Which goes to mean: When it comes to LoL he is a force to be reckoned with, as is his team.   And while i think that cited HON/DotA/SC2 Pros do have tremendous skills, i doubt that they would take over competitive LoL in a matter of month. They might, of course become a force like M5, but i doubt they would X-0 dominate every Tournament.
1	I watch him because I think that it's fun to watch his stream and I learn a lot from it. I didn't read the whole thing, I just read the
0	My point is though that it is not as bad as many say because it doesn't build up as CH4, it builds up as CO2, which has 4% if the potential of methane.  There are a lot of other sources (that produce far more CO2) that you are completely ignoring.   EDIT:
1	TSM have been practicing a lot lately. CLG didnt do to bad for a new top laner and someone who's new in the jungle. Give it time and you'll see that CLG is still strong enough to possibly win season 2 championship.   Saint on the other hand.. I've never seen him play as bad as he did yesterday, he got no synergy or anything with any player in curse and it will take a long time before it happens. I would say that saint would've done better in CLG.black right now.
1	A couple of months ago, servers were laggy as hell and the enemy rumble disconnected. When he reconnected, I offered to leave lane while he farmed up the difference (I was 4 levels ahead of him). After a few random disconnects, we realized the server was buggy, and started doing random stuff like spam /laugh at dragon pit. Our vayne and their gangplank were farming back to back and roleplaying as a couple persecuted by the league. Ironically enough, our tryhard leesin would go kill the gangplank whenever he could.
0	More like  Becomes friends with the friend(Guy B) of the person you like(Guy A) and Guy B then falls for you and you start going out with him.
1	Hi guys, I'm a person well verse regarding the Philippine LoL eSports scene, and I'm here to share a transparent side of the story and convince you out of your unnecessary hating.   CALM BEFORE THE STORM: This all started with RUMBLE ROYALE(website: www.rumbleroyale.com) - a Philippine base high quality production webshow that features local eSports and pitch in teams to face off each other in some sort of a competitive league. It is undeniable that the Philippines is behind when it comes to eSports competitive quality hence RUMBLE ROYALE shifted its focus from local pro players to pitching all girl teams and promoted them as if they are the local pro players. Mainly they have four teams under their league.   Team Redemption PH:   Medyo Bad Girl (MBG):   Defiance Girls:   Rainbow Kitties(RKT):  (DISBANDED)   The girl league was big hit in the PH eSports Community and with this Garena created their own all girls league which is the Iron Solari League and this made everyone scene and community really happy. Everything was going and the four teams from RUMBLE ROYALE along with the other local girl  teams are preparing for the Iron Solari League.   SOMETHING BAD BREWING:   Everything was going well and the four teams from RUMBLE ROYALE along with the other local girl  teams are preparing for the Iron Solari League. This was all halted when some individuals questioned why a female transgender from the RUMBLE ROYALE teams is going to participate when the Iron Solari League stated that it is an 'all-girls' league. RUMBLE ROYALE was well aware they have a female transgender in their league but doesn't really mind and is okay about it. At first Garena PH didn't really mind too and stated that it was OK for her to join. Still, a good chunk of the people from esports community questioned this decision and push Garena on not allowing her to play on the first leg.   ABOUT GARENA and PHILIPPINES:   Garena Philippines was actually very lenient and responsive in regard with the issue. As mentioned above, by default they were okay about the female transgender playing but the pressure from the combined complaints of other girl teams, bandwagoning individuals, and some members of the LGBT community themselves pushed Garena on their decision of not allowing her to play. Garena Philippines also already consulted Riot in the early parts of this issue. The funny thing about this is that, the main proponents of the complaint against the female transgender was doing it not because they hate LGBTs or don't want any LGBTs joining the Iron Solari League. It is because they have personal issues with the female transgender and in a way simply wants to sabotage her from playing. And on a last note, Garena PH personally talked with the female transgender who is in the limelight of this issue, explained to her how the issue exploded and they are simply trying to do what they can to mitigate it. Still they told her that everything won't be for naught and that their decision is only for the first leg. And that it is very likely that she can play on the second leg.   Bottomline Garena is not and was never an LGBT hating LoL publisher. Ohh.. and yes, setting aside, this Iron Solari League. Gays are very much and are already welcome in Garena PH sanctioned tournaments(like ROTC, Challenger Circuit, Teemo Cup). They are even usually hyped up in the community.   And about Philippines, as I see one comment saying that we're a backward country that hates gays blahblahblah. It is pretty much actually the opposite. WE'RE ACTUALLY BEST PLACE IN ASIA TO BECOME GAY! Hahaha! Damn, right we are! Geeky survey reference for the unbelievers:   We have lots gay people in politics, showbiz, etc and if ever they go out of the closet, they are celebrated like crazy. One of the most famous and respected artist on our country, having her movies hit record breaking sales is gay. Yes, that is Vice Ganda:   Most of our leisure spots tend to hire gay people because we know they are the best to have, like the Subic beach where you could see a long line of kiosk each with their own show and guess what. Yes all performers are gay.   That is aside from the fact that we are also religious country(a usually conflicting concept with gayness) and one of the happiest people on the planet. So the truth here is if you're gay, you should really visit our country.
1	I just read the rules, they say nothing about the match starting within 30 minutes, they simply say 30 minutes to contact, the screenshot shows him replying the 2nd text right away (he could have missed the first it it was while loading the match).   In fact the rules to say: Unfair play:   The following actions will be considered unfair play:    5) Unsportsmanlike or disruptive behavior such as inappropriate and/or unprofessional actions directed towards another player or tournament official.   It can trivially be argued that OP is the only person who broke the rules.
1	I hate to be that guy, but what you drew was neither the "median" nor the "average," also called the "mean." What you drew would be the "mode."   The median of a set of values is the one that is equal distance steps from either side, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the median is 75. In order from smallest to largest, it is the middle number.   The mean of a set of values is the average, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the mean is 72. You add all the values, then divide by the number of values.   The mode of a set of values is the one that appears the most, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the mode is 100. It appears two times, and the other numbers only appear once.   Applying these terms to LoL, you would have to first come up with categories in which to put female champions, like Yordles, Poppy and Tristana, tall/skinny/buxom humans, Katarina, Miss Fortune and Sona,  animal-like, Nidalee in cougar form, Soraka, and Anivia, etc.   Then you would see that the median would be indeterminable, since there is no easy way to apply a numeric value to each champion, so putting them in order would not be possible. The mean or average would be more like an amalgamation of all categories, so it would be something short like a Yordle, buxom and barely dressed, like Kat and Miss Fortune, with non-human attributes, like Soraka or Anivia. Finally, the mode, which is what you would be looking for, would pick any one champ out of the category that has the most. Since there are more skinny/tall/buxom/scantily-clad female champs than animal-like, yordle, etc female champs, the mode would be that category, so any champ from that category would represent the mode.   Basically, the difference is the difference between the scientific word "average" and the everyday use of the word "average." The everyday use is more along the lines of the mode, and should rather be called "typical" than "average."
1	I've only been warned once, and I remember the exact game too.  It was actually a year ago, and I got into an argument with my ADC (who was Corki and I was Jungle Xin Zhao).  He was getting angry with me because I didn't gank bot (admittedly, I should have, but I was on tilt and wasn't confident on my ability to gank a evenly pushed bot lane).  So he and I started arguing over ganking bot and it ended up in my telling him to "fuck off, I'm the jungler, I decide where and when I gank, and you get no say in it... so shut the fuck up, bitch".   That was the end of the argument.  We ended up winning the game (the Corki hard carried the whole team) and then I got a warning telling I've been reported.   Ever since then, I've always been very conscious of what I say in game and do my best to say things that are constructive to helping our team win the game.  I've never had a warning since.
1	Nightblue3   I had little interest in a jungle stream as it is my least favorite role, but I turned it on one night after finishing LCS and I wanted some more LoL Streaming in the background while I was doing other things.   Maybe 20 minutes or so into the stream I realized that this guy had already taught me to jungle better.  I also realized I was paying more attention to his talking and playing than what I was supposed to be doing.   I also realized I actually liked this guy as a person.  An example is that he lost a 4v5 in a challenger match just last night, and even though there was a chance he could have just fought it out until item advantage carried them to victory ( not guaranteed, but 4v5s aren't close to fair), he just said "We might still win this, but I wouldn't feel good about it. I know I didn't play well.  They deserve the win." or something to that accord and I was blown away.  Almost everyone who plays league would just try to take that win when they can get it, and here's a challenger player being the bigger man in a brutal situation.
1	Yeah, Why not buff useless adc's.  Will it really hurt the balance in bot lane if they gave a weak ADC for example Quinn a little more range on her auto-attacks(525--->550).  And Urgot, they hit him with the ugly stick and an awful kit.  C-mon an auto attack range of 425, a shield that scales off AP (They were kind enough to give Riven a shield that scales off AD) and possibly the worst ult in the game.  What the fuck is he supposed to do in this game.
0	I don't think this was well thought out. It is not just that it is "socially acceptable", it is morally reprehensible.  While I will not deny the supposed poetic justice that would be involved in inflicting these individuals with the same actions as those of their victims, who would you choose to actually inflict these actions on them?  If a murder skinned their victims alive or if they raped and tortured someone to death for weeks, who would you wish to live with the scars of this punishment?  It sounds good in theory but in practice it is far more damaging to the headsman than it will be to the criminal
0	I believe Chaplin and Hitler had it simultaneously. I don't know too much about Chaplin but Hitler had it from the mid 20s onwards and Chaplin i THINK had it around then too, before Hitler was all too well known during the 30s   [Wikipedia]( says that they sported similar taches. Doesn't specify who had it first of who influenced whom. Both were very influential and well known throughout the world.
1	WHERE'S BLAKINOLA WITH THE
1	The main reason I get wit's end on shyvana is because of the cheap mr.  In addition to the asp whihc helps her q. I haven't even thought about using black cleaver on her though, and it may be better depending on what else you build on her.
0	I also think our natives (around where I live example) abuse their power a great deal. Example.   There was this small town that had been in the same families since the certificate was issued - maybe 300 years. Enter shell, who are after the oil under it. Canadian government says welp, fuck you to the descendants, demolishes it and sells the oil rights. They got half a million for 6 acres of black dirt and 150 year old buildings including the house.   Months later, there's a small first nations reserve of hunting land thats been there for 200 years an is NOT a traditional land, just what they were given by ol' JAM. Government says maybe to oil tycoon B, and every native reserve for 100 miles (seriously) FLIPS DICK. They hold pow wow and all that shit, call every newspaper in the nearby cities, etc. big ol' stink. Oil company loses, because god forbid we treat first nations like regular people and step all over them like alberta government does.
0	I mean, honestly, people will just create another website to fill Reddit's shoes and then we will all waste our time there. That's how Reddit came to be, (from Digg), and many other websites such as, Facebook from Myspace. As long as there's money to be made, or a void to be filled, there will be something there to replace it.     -
1	The best and worst ranked game I've ever played:   CHAMP SELECT   3 people call mid, they start arguing (you guys probably know how this goes) Since one of the people who called mid is first pick, he decides to try to get people to leave by banning random champions. Soon enough, there was complete chaos and people saying "fk you, you suck, u be SILVER 5" etc. and threatening to leave or afk during the game.   Soon afterwards, they actually start picking champs. First pick is Tristana top. More rage ensues, and more threats to dodge happen. Second round is Brand and Caitlyn. Both mid. Third round is a Garen and me. I decide "They want to treat it like normals, so I guess I'll try Olaf jungle, since I just bought him anyways." Finally, it goes to the loading screen. Nobody's dodged so far.   THE MATCH   Early game   I currently am playing a role that I dont usually play with a champion that has a 40% win rate in a team filled with trolls. I go straight to blue and add into a random skill. Tristana and Garen go to my red though, and afk in the bush right behind it. 1:55 comes, and I get blue pretty quickly. However, the other team thought it'd be nice to invade my red, and since Tristana and Garen are afk.... Somehow, Tristana gets a triple kill from autoattacks and Garen gets a single kill. The Brand and Caitlyn are currently dominating mid lane while throwing insults back and forth at eachother and trying to steal eachother's kills. This goes on for a while.   Mid game   Somehow, all our lanes won (even bot, which I was just taking CS from when I roamed), probably because they were all so aggressive, and we ended up taking second tier turrets as well. By now, the other team has noticed that we have ragers and no coordination whatsoever, so they decide to teamfight. Somehow we win the teamfight and decide to take baron at 15:00. Sadly, the other team comes up and is there in time to take the fight. I am left as the only one alive, and stand outside baron pit for the steal. Right when it's almost dead I flash in, steal baron, then continue to 1v5 them, getting a quadra and almost another kill before I have to go back.   "Late game"   The other team surrenders at 20, I get promoted into Silver IV.
1	NOTHING in this game does give you an advantage when you put money into it   I have purchased all champs.   You have 10 champs.   I have a statistical advantage in terms of more options.
0	YES A MILLION TIMES YES! Nothing drives me as crazy as this. I don't understand how people don't do it. It's rude and absolutely disgusting.  I also work at a Chinese place doing deliveries, and when they take their lunch breaks I just don't know what to do with myself. They chew while talking, slurp as loud as possible, and smack their lips. It's like they TRY to make noise. Is this a cultural thing? Is it acceptable in other places or are they just not well mannered?
0	I agree to an extent. I think getting a new job simply for the sake of getting a new job "because I've been here for 5 years" (a reason I've heard a few people use before) is not a good reason in and of itself. If the job you're at provides you everything you need - new challenges, opportunity for growth and promotion, change in career path possibilities, etc. - I don't see a reason to leave, unless of course you're unhappy, or would simply like to experience a change of environment or the pace at a different company you're interested in.
0	You should spend your time thinking about what to do while the plane crashes. Your roles won't do much good if your lumberjack braced himself improperly and now has five cracked ribs, and your fisherman's seat crumpled on impact and amputated his right arm. Or are you just sort of imagining your plane gliding to a serene stop on the water?
1	That is a bad general rule to follow. If you are the team's carry, there will probably be some time where you need to go pick someone off, usually resulting in a 1v1.
1	wats this wtfast story? i saw the thread at frontpage,
1	The main point of contention is, Koreans are to LoL what Brazilians and the Spanish are to football: they are the most dedicated fanbase in the world. Season 4 worlds in Korea was supposed to be an event celebrating Korea's successes as a region in LoL, and a chance for them to appreciate all global teams. Why is Riot doing everything so half-half, without dedication? Korea is big enough in LoL to get an entire world championship to itself, and you can just hold Season 5 across Singapore, Taiwan and China to also give those guys a real boost for their dedication.
1	I feel pretty good about the Tribunal, actually. I think there was a noticeable improvement in high level games after it was implemented. The worst I usually see these days playing on a level 30 account with a decent amount of Elo in both normal and ranked is a lot of "omg report x" and "omg x feeding report please" followed by the inevitable "bg 1v9". And if anyone else is being any worse, they're usually reported by 4-5 people in the game. However, I think one big unfortunate side effect of the tribunal is that lower level games may have gotten a lot worse. When I play on my smurf account, the people are absolutely awful, although it is possible that it always was that way and I just don't remember it.   As for the judgments of the Tribunal, I feel that they're generally pretty harsh. I usually, in 15 cases give out 12 punishes, 2 pardons, and a skip and when I get the email telling me how many cases I got "right" it's almost always 12. However, I don't believe that sob-stories about unfair punishment from the Tribunal either; I think I'm just a little more sympathetic sometimes and let people off who shouldn't be let off.   Also, f2p team games will always have the potential to be pretty toxic in-game environments. I would say LoL at its worst (the period right before the Tribunal was implemented) was about equally bad as WC3 DotA pub games, f2p Korean MMORPGs, and certain CS:S servers for example. However, I feel that since the Tribunal was implemented, LoL hasn't been nearly as bad as these other f2p (f2pish for CS:S) games.   As for Starcraft, as a long-time member of TL (BW, son), the community has always been pretty mature by internet standards (not the subreddit though...), but was a lot more crass before the enormous influx of new members from Star2. People called each other things like "faggot" pretty casually in the BW days, but not usually in a ragey sort of way, so it was both mature and immature at the same time. The Iccup ladders, I hear, could be pretty bad though both in terms of crassness and rage. Star2 has really "mainstreamified" the SC community, especially with the enormous growth of eSports in the west and I feel that the community as a whole has become both less crass and less mature with all of the bandwagoning, balance whine, and witchhunts. So the SC community remains both mature and immature at the same time, but is still pretty good for an internet gaming community.
0	Didn't you know? Girls LOVE attention. They love it so much that they would do pretty much anything (within a limit) to get compliments. Obviously different girls have a different set of limits. But this limit changes with time and can be influenced. This is why you see some girls started showing their bodies without the face initially but end up with a face later on because the GW visitors keep on complimenting them.   You can compliment them and end up fucking them. And they say that guys think with their balls.
1	Before you try to go back to ranked games, ask yourself this question; "Do I enjoy ranked."? If the answer is no, stop playing ranked. There are normal games where you won't have a meaningless arbitrary number to obsess over.   "when u are looking for a team or smt, "   There are ranked teams that are made up of players from all across the elo range. Whether you're 200 or 2000, there are teams for you. So, again, don't worry so much about it. There's a reason we say "don't care about your elo". It's because it's really not important.   If you really want to actually enjoy ranked games, you have to remember exactly what elo is. It's a number predicting your chance of winning against someone else with a different elo number. That's it. It says absolutely nothing else about you as a player, and no one but you cares what your elo is.
1	Absolutely try to make the best of it, especially if it happens early. I had one game where our jungler went afk from the start but our team pulled together and focused on winning our lanes. The most important things for us were warding for jungle ganks as well as warding our red and blue buffs constantly. We caught their jungler (Rammus) a couple of times in our jungle trying to steal the buffs. In the end we came out on top and it is probably one of the best feelings I've had playing this game.
0	The problem isnt that theyre aging... its that they were too old when the internet hit to adapt it as easily as the rest of us. People dont magically forget how to internet as they get older, barring alzheimers or something.   Edit: didnt mean to say people were too old to adopt the internet. Meant to point out that the problem isnt people getting older, but that they never learned how to use the internet properly, as opposed to ops implication the problem is the workforce getting older in his title.
0	Most "scumbag driver" memes could probably be written by both drivers involved. Maybe this guy was actually trying to speed up to let OP shift and OP actually did cut him off. Who knows? What I do know is that in nearly four years of my 80 mile daily commute I have never had this scenario play out. But here's the interesting part (at least I think it is).   When I started my longer commute, I changed my relatively aggressive driving style to a very laid back one for MPG reasons. Out of what I assume is complete coincidence, there were suddenly WAY fewer assholes, maniacs and dipshits on the road. Magic!! I just leave early, drive in the slow lane and assume everyone around me has a pregnant woman in labor in the backseat, which explains their behavior. Now I can just enjoy the commute for the gift of solitude that it is.
0	My sleeping pattern was so screwed up it actually just started fixing itself. Self employed so since I knew I didn't have to be up early, I couldn't force myself to sleep before 2-3am.   It was getting bad enough were I would just go to work at 3am so I won't waste time. Getting older those all nighters get hard and I started crashing at 8pm and normally get up around midnight. And start the binge over   Just in the last few months my "crashing" started moving to 10-11pm and started getting up at 7am. 2 straight weeks up at 7 and no all nighters.
1	It does not matter when you place your turrets. I agree that it is completely pointless to place your turrets at the outset of a fight. However,     Heimerdinger has to settle for either good damage or safe distance. If you get close to everyone and drop turrets, your turrets will do steady consistent damage and shred. However, they are much more vulnerable to aoe damage. In addition, getting that close to a fight as Heimerdinger is a certain death sentence, as Heimerdinger's health pool and defensive stats are ridiculously low.    If you choose to go for an 'just outside of fight range' turret placement, your turrets can only fight people on the outside of the fight, and have the risk of the fight just moving away from your turret range. However, Heim is much safer this way as he is not in the middle of the fight and can kite/spam missiles.      Yes, your ultimate speeds up your grenade. But grenade's cooldown is so high that you can only get off one during the actual ultimate. Since you max the skill last because heimer's other abilities are much better, in addition to a low AP ratio, grenade barely scratches. By the time it comes off cooldown, your ultimate is down and your grenade goes back to being nearly useless.
1	7/10 imo. Gnar's E is very mobile and has a juke element when used correctly. When in Mega form, Gnar can win a 1vs1 easily against Rengar. I recommended maxing W first then Q. (W>Q>R>E in order)   Small Gnar has a similar play style as an ADC [kiting] (3 W stack proc gives you bonus movement speed btw) , while Mega Gnar has a very similar play style as Rumble where you put yourself into a teamfight and lay all your AoE abilities on them.
0	First off, I have nobody to talk to.  Honestly, nobody but one individual (who doesn't want to talk about it) can help because there's way too much info to take in (a therapist could probably help but hasn't been available recently).   I just vented to myself.  I would sit there and go over what I was feeling, spilling out everything that came to mind, just to get it out of my system.  It helped a lot because otherwise I would have all of these built-up feelings that would really keep me down.  I felt calm after my vents and clear-minded.  And then just two days ago  (I think) , I began recording myself when I vented.  Because of that, I felt obligated to go into detail about exactly what I was feeling.  I stopped being extremely repetitive in what I was saying and began to stop sobbing constantly (though I did still cry here and there, but not  nearly  as much).  I had to use my brain, come up with a sentence, and spit it out like I was telling a story to somebody.  These recordings (3 in total so far) all last just over an hour each.  I then later listen to them like a podcast, examining every second, going over to myself how I was feeling at that time and why.   Another little way I helped myself was try to get back in contact with a friend of mine that I hadn't seen in over a year.  I ended up inviting her to come over to where I was and we ended up having a really fun time catching up with one another's lives.  I was in a happy mood and we plan to meet up again before she takes off for college in a few weeks.
0	I'll just copy a comment I made awhile back...   Apparently me cleaning up was my biggest issue as a kid. They would continuously ask me to clean my room until one day when I was about 3-4 my parents told me to clean my room. I told them no and they said if I didn't, they would sell all of my toys at a yard sale to which I replied I didn't care.   That weekend they made me sell all of my toys. They made me run it, take the money, and give change (obviously with their help). I never again doubted their threats. When I was 14 I had gone to a friends sleepover and the only request was that I clean my room before I go, I of course didn't. The next morning I got a call from my dad saying my mom was going to my room in 15 minutes with trash bags and hung up. I never ran home more quickly in my life.
1	Short answer, yes. It is always better for you, the support, to die instead of someone else on your team.   Long answer, depends. If (for some reason) you have a killing spree of any sort, and the player you're trying to protect has a handful of deaths, you may just let them go. If you die, and forfeit spree gold, it may benefit the other team more than just letting the other play, worth less gold, die.   Or, if you're in a situation where a bigger fight is imminent, it may be better to let that character die and save your utility for the fight.   Example: You are a sona + ez bot lane. Your team is all coming down for drag, and thanks to your great job warding (good job!) you know the enemy team is as well. However, before anyone on either team gets there, the enemy bot lane (let's say corki + leona) jumps onto Ez and bursts him down to ~10% hp, leaving you at full HP. You look down, notice you don't have ult, but it will be up quickly. It may be more beneficial to let him go. In this case, if you attempt to save him, you'll likely die, and he may as well anyway, leaving your team in a position to just have to concede the dragon. If you do save him and you die, your team is now in a 4v5, with one of those members being very low. However, if you leave him to die, join your team for the dragon, you may be able to out play the enemy and contest/steal/pick up drag. With yourself at full HP and your ultimate coming back up soon, it is likely better to let him die and attempt to contest drag with more big abilities up and more overall team HP.
1	You fail to realise that his W got the extra 20% damage and slow to 50% instade and show 2 secounds visability. this may turn out too a evolve in W at first again. what they did is too remove his tankiness as a assassin, aint supposed to be tanky. they then mixed his Q and W so people need to hit both too do maximum damage instade of just rely on just Q
0	This happened to me a few years ago. It was late and I missed the last bus home. Someone offered to give me a ride because they lived near me. This guy was a complete need for speed jackass. I honestly think he learned to drive from ridge race as he tried to slide in and out of every turn, including freeway ramps. I didn't say anything but held on for my life and never spoke to that guy again. Doing someone a favor does not mean you can endanger their life for it.
1	Because Riot has essentially been using the same engine for their game since it's creation, which in all honesty, is a pretty flawed one. I don't have a link to the post anymore, but a Rioter said something about how they often re-use pieces of code from one skill, modify it to fit another, and so on. The problem with this is, there's a lot of reliance in certain areas to other areas, and which area that is causing the problem at the base level is not always clear, because Riot doesn't seem to accommodate for this fact, and while it may not have been a problem in its initial stages, having reached the point at it's at, it's becoming more and more of a problem, as when something goes wrong with something, it can affect any number of things it's related to. While Riot may be big now, it wasn't at its inception, and over time, their engine and their methods of implementing new things has become more outdated, and more unstable. At the same time, however, they simply can't rework their entire engine, as the game is far too big and with the amount of data they'd be responsible for updating, even with an extensive team, it would take months to completely update it, and in that time, every one of it's competitors are moving forward, updating and becoming more advanced, while their game isn't accessible.
1	Fuck nunu. Fuck nunu, he's a shitty champ that cannot be suitably balanced. He has next to no item dependence and has huge fucking base ratios. Fuck nunu
0	OP forgot to mention that people who also say "I would never want to hurt you", "Trust me", "I would rather die than hurt you," are even worse than the people who say the above. Trust is earned by actions, if they feel like they have to tell you to trust them, then they are going to hurt you. Also if they claim they'd never hurt you, they are probably full of shit. I've had my run ins with more than 2 sociopaths, they always seemed to feel like they needed to convince me. Sadly when you are young and naive you can really end up missing the signs and you can get really hurt. After that I learned if they say certain lines to just run, also if they ever try to insist you feel a certain way, or try to manipulate you slightly at first, run. Basically, run, treat them like scary humans and don't trust them unless they earn your trust and respect.   Also know what you want, look for what you want, and ignore all those who don't fit what you want. If I didn't know what I wanted I wouldn't have found my fiance, I wanted a guy who was my best friend, one that I could literally tell everything to, and be a team that has each other's backs, have similar world views. I found it, sure I met a few sociopaths, got a stalker, and met more horrible people along the way, but I found it. We're getting married this Summer and it's going to be amazing to finally have the same last name as the man I love.
0	The problem is theory, and manufacture.... let me put this in other terms.   When you think 4 wheel drive, you think, what? "Big Truck/SUV" of course.   Now, as you stated, 4 wheel drive does help it go... but it should also help it stop in that unlike a frontwheel or rear wheel drive vehicle it doesn't have any wheels free. They are all going the rate of the engine (depending on if it's a full time or part time 4 wheel drive but that's not the argument here. for simplicity sake, I'll be talking part time) Now, this gives it added traction when starting, and if done right should help it stop.   But as you said before it doesn't. This is because the traction gain while significant, still has to slow down. With the lessened traction this is fairly difficult depending on your momentum.   Which, considering that we're talking a large truck/suv is substantial... which is why they slide off into ditches and intersections.   So, what's the solution? Well small 4 wheel drives (like subarus) would help... but what would help more is to learn a skill most don't know about.   Engine breaking. If you downshift your vehicle (and you can do this in automatics by putting it into 2nd or 1st also) your engine will rev higher and then slow down because it can't do those speeds in that gear. However, and this is crucial, the wheels are still spinning and not locked up. Meaning it's an actual slowing and not a skidding. You can turn and do other things if need be because you haven't lost your grip.
0	4chanarchive is only slightly better and that depends on what year you check. Mostly though I just don't like dealing with the dicks on 4chan. It's a preference thing. Some people like the anonymity and how much of an asshole they can be, but I think it's probably one of the worst things about our culture in general. You notice this behavior when people are in cars. They act like total shitheads, angry, it's pathetic. People don't do it  quite  as much when they have a username and a history attached to it. Even less face-to-face in person.
0	Or your boobs might be swelling because you're about to start your period. Or it might be tighter because you're retaining water because you're about to start your period. Or you might be pregnant. Or you might have gas. Or you might have had too much salt.
1	I don't really see a problem. It is just a surrender box with colours. All you are doing is jumping on the season 3 patch hate train.
0	When I worked at a (really crappy) job as the assistant manager for a market research company at the mall, our corporate office treated us like shit. They would call us up, literally scream at us, and then hang up before we could say anything. And they bounced paychecks.   I gave my manager a 1 month's notice, because she had asked for that much time because I was such a good assistant (the best she ever had) and would need more time to replace me. I figured "eh, why not?" So the month goes, and she still hadn't found a replacement. My last day, she begs me, crying, telling me she can't work every day, and could I at least stay the week-ends because corporate won't let her have those days off back if she works them, and she doesn't want her cancer to come back from the stress, etc.   Because the other job I was switching to was part-time, but no week-end schedule, I agreed to work only week-ends.   November week-ends came and went. No replacement.   December week-ends are happening. My manager doesn't see me in person, and starts to resent me, and thinks I am screwing up all the time, even though literally nothing is different from when I used to see her. In the mean-time, all of the people who are out in the mall asking others to do surveys have become her informants. Because of the stress, I cried on my lunch hour almost every day at work at this point. I had skipped my periods for 2 months in a row because of the stress.   Finally, I realize I can't keep hurting myself to do her a favor. I come in during the week to pick up my paycheck (we were supposed to have been paid Friday, but the checks hadn't arrived. Par for the course at that point) and to quit. The first thing my manager tells me is "This crying business is not normal. It has to stop." If I hadn't been going in there to quit already, that would have been the last straw. You don't have the right to try to control MY FEELINGS on MY LUNCH BREAK.   I calmly handed the key over to her.   She says I "came in here and threw the key" at her.   She uses the excuse of looking for the "I quit this job of my own volition and am not entitled to unemployment" page to berate me some more. The most horrible string of specifically targeted verbal abuse I have ever heard. About how much I am screwing her over. About how she'd never want me to be her kid's teacher because of the way I "freak out all the time." About how she's going to have to work all the time now because of me, and her cancer is going to come back, because of me. And on. And on.   When almost two months before that, she had been crying, begging me to stay.   Some people are just shitty people, and don't show it until you are no longer being convenient for them to be able to do whatever they want.
1	I'm a hugeeeeee advocate of not adding surrender, at least not in it form in league or hon.  A game of dota is not over typically until one team can push a rax down, and even then you can come back. Typically in dota, team comps that are strong early, tail off later, and team comps that are weak early, become stronger later.   Surrenders also seem to promote giving up, once someone on your team has waved the white flag, your moral is definitely going to take a hit. Add in not wanting to surrender because you think the game salvagable, and players getting mad at you for this, and it doesn't create a great environment.   DotA follows a MUCH different meta-game then LoL. There isn't a 'snowball meta', and I've seen pro games where the team down 12-1 in kills is actually up on exp and gold (and went on to absolutely stomp the other team).
0	Dude. We went to the Avengers premiere, my buddies and I.   You would think that everyone else there at a midnight showing would also be huge fans; and to their credit, some were.   When Bruce Banner is all like "My secret? I'm always angry." Then Hulks up and smashes the giant monster flier thing in a blaze of motherfuckin glory we all cheered and clapped "Fuck yes! Oh hell yeah!" And were applauding.   Like two other people in the crowded theater seemed moderately impressed at that awesome movie.
1	I don't think people are actually giving you the advice you need. It's not as easy as just watching pro streams or taking builds off of solomid.net. I'm not acting like a pro by any means, heck I'm only silver IV myself but what helped me was having someone better analyse my own play style and tell me what I'm doing wrong from their perspective. Once you can take constructive criticism from someone better than you (in my case a friend in plat I) it helps you correct bad habits you may have as well as advice that they have that may be something simple you're just missing.
0	As a Muslim when I first saw the Islamic Rage Boy Meme I was ashamed of what my brethen were up to in the name of religion. One google search led to another and I came across Shakeel Ahmad Bhat's story. After reading the article (see link) I wasn't sure if the shit he's upset about is as stupid as people think (not just Michaeld916).   Mail Online article:
1	I got out of Plat by being ahead of the Meta,  watch Streams and pay attention to unconventional picks (for me it was Sunfire Kata top). Once you see something that you think works play it a bit in normals to figure out more advanced stuff (e.g. Matchups). If you still think my your Tactic/Pick is good take it to ranked,  and if you play it correctly you can use the benefit of surprise to win most of your games.
1	Meh, the showdown is just an official form of house rules (ie first to either fb, 100 cs or turret wins)1v1. I played those before they coded it as a game mode and tons of others did as well. Even if they remove the feature you will still be able to create a custom game and 1v1 with ppl, only difference is that the game doesnt end immediately,  but if you're playing with friends that shouldnt be a big deal, ypu can just both exit the game.
0	I realize that people like you have such a self-reinforcing mentality that all negative reactions to your behavior are invariably seen as a vindication of your intents, beliefs, and motivations.  Of course you are going to take my dismissal of you as proof of a larger intellectual flaw that you have concluded extends to most of the population but in reality I am (as well as apparently most people you encounter) using your attitude as a gauge for whether or not a conversation with you is even worthwhile.  It isn't.  You're not intimidating people with intellectual "savvy" or blowing their minds with your totally "insightful" critique of feminism/women, you're just adding to the choir of jabbering morons spewing their inane philosophies on the internet.  There are intelligent people to discuss this topic matter with who I don't agree with and you sure as hell aren't one of them.   This of course  should  make perfect sense to you.  For a person who pontificates about objectively observing reality rather than being swayed by "shoulds and ideals" like those suggested by gender equality, you  should  understand the practicality of my perspective and that you  expecting  to have your viewpoint respected and thoughtfully engaged is itself an ideal and a particularly stupid way of determining if you are "on to something big". The catch here is of course that you are full of shit, which is blatantly obvious to outside observers.  You aren't being objective in the slightest nor are you applying the standard from which you piss on women with the slightest bit of consistency.  That is why you whine about their behavior and claim their behavior as grounds to mistreat them but then bring out the persecution complex every time someone pisses on you for your own poor behavior.  It is a double standard, one that underpins the self-aggrandizement that is embedded in most of your posts and surprise: it turns people off.  The only thing hypocrites like you are worth is being an outlet for everyone else to vent our frustrations at.  That is why the popular reaction to you seems like some grand conspiracy, some problem that seems the be embedded in all corners of our society. Across all gender boundaries, ideologies, classes, and cultures most people look at you say and "GODDAMN that guy is one hypocritical douche!"  That is how utterly repugnant you are.  It is also why you piss and moan about being disrespected on the internet, desperately asking the masses why no one else is bothered by how dismissive people are of you and finally consoling yourself by saying it is all because we are brainwashed.  We all get it, we just don't care.  We do our business on your face, shrug off your arguments, and go back to our daily lives because everyone can see you for what you really are.   But judging by the mental acrobatics you do in your other posts, I don't think any of that will get through to you. Let me put this in some
1	Do you know why it sucks? I don't play Kassadin, but one time in a plat game i noticed he wasn't banned nor picked by the first 3 people, and i also noticed that they didn't pick the mid so i went for Kassadin, just to make sure that they, the other team, don't get their hands on it, and i said to my team that i really don't have any exp with this champ and that i only picked it so we don't have to deal with it.   That being said, i finished the game getting Legendary, dying to a Nexus tower dive as i got greedy and then getting a 5 kills later on as we were closing the game. Funny, right?
1	I started playing games with friends who were in high plat when I was about level 5, and leveled to around 25 primarily playing with them.  At first I did pretty terrible, but since I went in with the mindset that I would figure out the game and start winning, and my friends were helping me, I learned the game a lot faster than I would have otherwise.  At around level 15, I started going solo top against level 30s in gold and higher and winning lane.
0	Don't get mad, get even, passive aggressive style and drive the fucker mad.   Nothing new or original: setup a tindr profile for him + write his number on toilet cubicles. Express interest with Jehovas Witness/religious groups on his behalf, hide a small fish in his truck. Basically break the fucker...I'm sure the fine folk of reddit can add to this list.
0	The knives are locked in a cabinet but legally I can't let customers reach in to serve themselves. We have to tell the customer this and position our bodies so we're blocking the cabinet door opening when we get the knives out. I'm 5"2 so despite this he reached over my head and grabbed a knife out of the cabinet as I turned around the put one back. He brought the knife back out of the cabinet past my face rather than back over my head. Warned him once, he did it again.  My manager didn't see it. When I told him he couldn't care less cause he was busy and the customer had left the store.
1	i agree, i dont like deman's casting, but that doesnt mean he is bad at it. he is really good at ALWAYS talking, something a lot of people struggle with, and he manages to always talk about newish things so it doesnt get instantly boring.
0	Come to Boulder.  Its like they have their own little fun-loving community hate-sessions at the local coffee shops.  Where 20-year-olds act like they're 40 and all act superior to you because they garden instead of actually working.  I'm sure they can grow a pretty great tomato, but if they can't get the cosmetics industry to stop testing deodorant on animals they better figure out a way to fucking grow the stuff themselves.
0	Providing incentive for people is really easy. All you have to do is tie money into something quantifiable.   My uncle owned (he's retired) an electrical contracting business. His site managers were given this incentive: If the site manager could come in under the quoted hourly labor to get the job done, and there were no injuries during the project, he'd get the difference put into his bank account. That money for labor was already accounted for, so why would the company  not  give the site contractors the difference if he saves them $80k in labor cost? If they were selfish, they'd keep it.   This was a very large electrical contracting company, so more often than not coming in 10% lower in hourly labor than what the company accounted for in the bid meant a high 5 figure, sometimes 6 figure bonus (which would ultimately get split up between more than a few site managers on large projects...but still). On top of having incredibly efficient job sites, they also had the incentive to be extremely safe.   I own a business. I grew up in the industry that I currently am now an owner in, so I've worked every job position for many years. More often than not, managers with no experience and no business being in their positions are the ones that are shit bags. Now, as an owner, realizing that the management team that i have in place is largely responsible for carrying out my business plan, I give away 20% of my end of year profits to them. It's a substantial bonus for the managers.   I pay everyone that works for me an honest wage for the work they are doing, treat others like I want to be treated, always promote from within my existing force, and reward people who go above and beyond. I also put in more hours working with and next to all my employees than anyone who works for me. I have a very loyal staff that I'm close to. I share profits with the guys who spend 55 hrs a week here busting ass and being "on call" most of the time.   It's a business owner's responsibility to make sure the people working for them can afford at least a decent life style. That concept has been lost on corporate America, as owners and board members of large companies are making millions while their employees are making pennies. If more people took the philosophy of Costco, or my uncle, then people would be making an honest living, working hard, seeing the opportunity for advancement, and i truly believe our country would be peachy.   However, I don't have a lax personality. If someone is slacking ass, they're done, and while i'm not mean about it, it isn't a nice happy conversation - they're taking money from me to do a job and they aren't doing it. Reddit seems to be split 50/50 on the stance that you have the right to work for me - which you don't.
1	I know exactly what you mean, when I would Ryze two years ago, before his nerfs when his Q WAS 10% OF HIS MANA! I get called, troll gg scrub noob, and your team automatically goes to troll mode. It's happened a couple times when I play Viktor, but I prove them wrong by carrying their fucking awful asses. I really think the
1	I really, really fucking hate this ADC meta right now. It's like Doublelift said in his vlog - no one finds it fun to just get melted in 3 auto attacks by a Caitlyn or a Tristana.  No one . I understand Riot wanted more diversity in ADC picks and felt that Lucian was crowding other ADCs out, but honestly he's one of the most interesting ADCs to play and to play against. He outplays you, he doesn't just walk up to you and -boom- you're dead. Same with Vayne, Ezreal, Graves, etc. These are the type of ADCs that require dueling prowess to play, because you can't simply right click a target and watch them melt away. ADC wasn't exceptionally weak before this patch, it just lacked a diverse champion pool. If there were more ADCs such as the aforementioned strong/interesting picks then these changes would have been completely unnecessary. Rebuffing unhealthy hyper carries/auto attack bots doesn't make for a healthy player experience for either team.   All of this being said, I very seriously hope they revert the changes made to Bloodthirster or at least reduce the cost. In its current state its just useless as an ADC item and Infinity Edge first item is just simply better, even on carries like Lucian who used to go BT first item. Why go for a BT when you can spend 300g more and win lane through lucky crits sprinkled into your trades?
1	I've read this post and each comment in this thread, and I think you have a decent idea of how balancing the game works, and a few good ideas, but your understanding of Mordekaiser is a little bit shallow. You're not the only one, since his metagame has been almost entirely untouched except by me (nmero1enBrasil), Mordelicious, and maybe just a couple of other players since season 2, and very few people have seen a modern Mordekaiser in action.  In particular:  1) Mordekaiser being susceptible to ganks is a long perpetuated idea which doesn't really have any practical relevance to real games with Mordekaiser. He can push if he chooses to, but he can also freeze lanes really well because of his ability to facetank waves outside of his tower, and his pushing ability actually lets him reset lanes frozen against him easily. Playing well, Mordekaiser can completely avoid situations where he's at or past river, unless he wants to be. In general, his lack of MS buffs or gap closers is exaggerated as a much bigger problem than it actually is in lane.  2) Mordekaiser's top lane matchups, with a couple of exceptions, are within a reasonable 60-40 to 40-60 range, and are fairly evenly balanced (for those you listed, Shyvana wins decently, Renekton is pretty much dead even, and Udyr is Mordekaiser-favored by a big margin). In the mid lane, he can still play the old oppression style and simply push through the damage of traditional ranged mages. The problem with his mid lane is that he can't compete with good roaming champions, not that he can't win the matchups. In some cases, such as against Zed or Kha'Zix (I'm actually somewhat curious why you think those are skill matchups at all), Mordekaiser is actually really heavily favored and they generally can't roam enough to make up for it, but mostly he does get out-roamed by the likes of Kassadin, Fizz, Riven, etc.  3) Mordekaiser's strength curve is even throughout the game, with slightly weaker than average levels 3-4 and slightly better than average lategame. He does not need to outfarm his opponents, or even to win his lane, to be useful, though of course it helps.  4) I think you're right about his kit being unrewarding in the classic Riot Games sense of lacking counterplay and not having skillshots etc., but it's very rewarding to land kills with a champion with limited options, for me. I feel like if I have no gap closer, no CC, and no intensely broken abilities, that getting kills feels good because I know I had to play well to earn that kill. I have to use the very basics of the game to win teamfights and lane engages (positioning, cooldown timing, reading/mindgames) instead of relying on a bread and butter combo or just spamming an ability until it lands (looking at you, nidalee).   So, I disagree with you about mobility/CC being a problem, and I disagree about his top lane matchups, and I disagree that he snowballs backwards, and I think he's rewarding to play as (though I admit he's not fun to play against). But I can't argue that he's not weak in the current metagame. I see it as being for a different reason: his mid-game presence is very lacking right now. Splitpushing is weaker than ever, so his dueling power goes to waste, and his burst doesn't have the consistency of other mages with CC and gap closers (You mentioned in a comment that his burst is lower than other AP champions, but that is false, barring Syndra/Veigar. What is true is that his burst is harder to land consistently.). Because he can't splitpush or catch champions on his own, he must rely on his teammates more heavily than other mages or other top lane champions, and so he can't really claim objectives or win teamfights by himself. He lacks a form of engage for 5v5 standoffs, and is most effective at erasing tanks, who are forced into melee range, rather than diving opposing carries. That means he ends up being a peeler with no engage in fights, which can be rough if the person you're peeling for isn't doing well or your team has poor engage.   This is why Mordekaiser is seen as unviable but retains a decent winrate - he is an asset to his team, but he cannot carry the team. He fits a role and a position and can win lanes comfortably and has a lot of skirmishing power, but he cannot change the fate of a game that's going one way or another because he cannot turn things around on his own, barring amazing luck with his ultimate.   Since I believe you misunderstand why Mordekaiser is weak, I think your changes wouldn't help him become more viable. You essentially buff him by giving him a slow and a knockback (as well as slightly more consistent armor/MR), and completely shit on his numbers. Maybe that will make him better in lane, but his teamfight utility won't improve at all, and his damage will go way down. What is he supposed to do in teamfights if he doesn't do damage, can't give stats to his teammates, and still has no form of dive? If you want to address his issues, you need to start by giving him something to do after laning is over, and then tweak him a little bit to keep him viable in a lane (I play top, but if he becomes capable in mid that would be okay too). Off the top of my head, something like putting a fear on his ultimate would leave his laning more or less the same, but would make his teamfighting infinitely stronger. A slow or a wukong-ult-style "first target hit gets snared" on his W would give him engagement potential in teamfights. Perhaps he could even be nudged in a more Renektony or Olafy direction, with a little bit more shield generation to dive and tank in teamfights at the cost of some burst.
0	I feel like your understanding of "greed" is a little off. Greed is not simply wanting something you don't have; it's wanting something that is unnecessary or in excess. For example, wanting enough money to provide for one's family, or wanting medical benefits so one won't be financially devastated in the case of an emergency, is not greed.   Think about your argument, and consider all the assumptions you are making about dissatisfied worker #1. Does he/she have enough free time to find another job? Can their family handle the possibility of having their breadwinner out of a job for the period of time where they are looking for a new job? Are alternative companies/corporations even available? (If they aren't available, is moving to a new area something that is financially or sociably viable?)   It's really easy to say, "well if they REALLY wanted it, they would just roll with the punches until they found a new job." However, I think reality for many people is much less black and white. Maybe a new job would require moving. Maybe moving isn't an option because the kids like their school/the wife or husband is established in their job/financially its just not possible/ a billion other (arguably) legitimate reasons.
1	He is pretty easily ganked, but he has strong harass on his enemy. Bad roam since he has no gap closers or anything. His damage late game is pretty good, but there is no burst damage that some people are looking for. Even Ziggs can put down a decent amount of burst with Passive, Lich Bane, Q, Ult. He has decent presence in teamfights but doesn't provide the same amount of utility that other midlaners do. Again, Ziggs has Satchel Charge and his minefield, Ori has W,E,R, etc. Building Rylai's on Swain is really good though.   Overall, I feel that it's a little hard to carry games with Swain. He can be denied during teamfights with an ignite which the enemy mid will normally have. I just don't think that Swain has the ability to deal with the Shyvanas running through the team or whatever. Zhonya's use is really important in teamfights and can definitely change the pace of a fight.
1	If a game can be won or lost in pick/ban phase I don't find that very entertaining. The rest of the game is a formality. Not exciting at all. In fact the thought that a group can create a good comp or a comp that can "handle any match up" (which isn't a truth, just a well rounded team in actual truth) seems far more exciting.   Because you want to see if they can pull it off.
1	Bots have instant reaction time and perfect accuracy, but they only have general combat AI. They do the same thing vs a LeBlanc as they would do vs a Vlad. So while teamfights vs 5 bots can be challenging because of their perfect coordination, anyone that understands how the game works can easily crush them in lane.
0	As a crew member at a store, not always our faults when customers get pissed or are in inconsolable moods. Some come in that way or want us to do things we can't do(discounts, free stuff, refunds for things they messed up and so on and so forth). It's nice to make someone happy, even nicer when it's such a good job, they tip you, but most people who ask to see a manager at my store are inconsolable assholes who just want free stuff.   Story time: 13 person rush yesterday. Me and my coworker are the only ones working. So we have to make food an work cash register with just us. Making a lady her sandwich and preparing to get her dozen of bagels afterwards. Coworker is ringing out people whose food we made already. Comes down after about two minutes max. Asks may she help the next guest, who would be the guy behind my guest, as I'm working on her. Lady proceeds to say "unfucking believable. Fuck this shit." It's a 30-40 year old looking white lady then looks like she'll leave doesn't. Gets checked out maybe a minute later. Tells me it wasn't aimed at me, it was aimed at my coworker and wanted to speak to our manager. She was there maybe a grand total of 5 minutes max and was so angry because my coworker didn't help me wait on her to get only her out quicker. When working on multiple guests would crush the rush faster.
0	I remember I had a run in with them sons of bitches in my first trip to Dallas, Texas. I was 8 years old, my family thought we were going to be forced to move out soon by the airport in Los Angeles who wanted to expand and turn our homes into a parking lot. We had to take an emergency landing than spend a night at a Hotel next to a gas station. It was 8 o clock and my parents decided to go the gas station to get some snacks. After acquiring the snacks we started to walk out the parking lot....that's when I meet ...them. At first I thought I some trash being sweeped by the wind  when I got closer I saw it was none other than a swarm of hopping demon spawn from hell aka the beige colored grasshopper. I cringed in fear screaming for my life, while loosing my innocence and questioning the existence of a god. What kind of god would create such vile bent-legged abomination and let it roam the earth? As I was screaming while these things skipped to my general direction, my sister of a year younger than me was playfully chasing after them toward my direction. I screamed even harder while tears were flowing down my already redden face. My Dad laughed and tried to console me. He even pushed me a little in a fruit less attempt to sacrifice me to the wretched creature. I ran away nearly jumping into a highway. My parents pursuit me trying to calm me down while scolding me for my righteous attempt to salvation. They even joked about it after the incident calling me silly or overly dramatic.
0	So being too drunk to consent, and then saying no and having someone continue to enter your body despite saying no, and you think that's not rape? Because it wasn't down some alleyway by a stranger? If it had been they were both drunk, and they had sex and she said no and they stopped, fair enough, neither could consent but at least both were respectful of the others wishes and rights.   Another way to put it, I am so disappointed to see support for rape culture splattered across this thread.
0	Because most people don't realize most of /r/Fitness knows fitness is highly subjective and activity specific. Strength training using big compound movements is the least activity specific form of training, gives most people a very big improvement in quality of life and helps the biggest percentage of people achieve their vague fitness goals (along with calorie control and a general increase in activity which is also part of the general advice).   There is a reason weight lifting is the cookie cutter advice.   On top of that there is just not much to say about cardio and if you want to talk about cardio you are better off going to the activity specific subreddit. /r/fitness does usually tell people to do cardio, there is just less talk on the subject because there are already other subs on the topic.
1	This is what I was thinking, a lot of people saying she's a top laner, but at the time she gets dumped on if you gank her, and she gets outscaled in almost all aspects of the game, pretty hard to stick on people to. Not only that it seems like she's innately squishy.
1	He answered the questions the way he had to. He is a representative of Riot and has to do everything he can to make them look good and please us at the same time.     He didn't answer the question because the majority of us don't want to hear "Well people don't ever spend RP on 4800 champs so we were losing money"     Again we don't want to hear "People spend RP on 3150 champs just as often as 6300 champs so why change it?       These are just two examples of what could quite possibly be reality, but less people will play a game with that type of publicly exuded mentality. In the long run, they don't want people paying top dollar for everything. What they really want is the most possible players, because that is what truly makes the big bucks. 100 people spending $10 is not as good as 500 people spending $5.
0	A few friends of mine and I went out bowling one night, after everyone wanted to hit up Buffalo Wild Wings. I looked at the hours posted and saw that they closed in 5 min so I said, well looks like we gotta find a different place. They all say "nah, they are still open. Lets go in." I was mortified and they asked the server if they are still serving. He was of course required to say yes. I will admit I never worked in the food industry but i did retail so i had an idea, and on top of that my brother worked as a cook so I had a much better idea than this group of friends.   We all get seated and he asked "if this is going to be together or separate."  There was about 3 different couples and 4 other single people that everyone will be separate. I said to the server so no one could hear, "hey man, i know thats a bitch so just put it all on one and I will take care of the bill." I had just started my first real job and figured it wasn't a big deal. I know these people and they tip like $1 each and that's it.   So the bill comes back and I ask if all the tips are split among servers and the kitchen. The guy told me no they don't do that. (I assume the kitchen makes more but the servers get the tips.) So since its a half hour past closing I tip the bill 100% $80 so its not too bad, and tell the server to split the tip between himself and the kitchen staff that stayed to feed us. (I know the dude in the back had already started to clean the grills and such when we walked in, its just how you do it)
1	This is gonna be a long wall of text(sorry!) but this is all of my thoughts on the new jungle. I really love the new spirit stone it opens up the jungle to so many new champs such as gragas, wukong, etc. and it's also a buff to hecarim, skarner, amumu or just champs that people previously complained about being mana dependent which I really love. The new smite allows your laners to get into lane faster whereas before there was a risk of missing some creeps and falling behind by giving a smiteless leash. However, I feel like the new jungle is all about damage and much less about tanks like before. Lee sin was my most played champ in season 3 with a 70% winrate but this season I've completely ignored him bc now it feels like no matter how many successful ganks I get, if the enemy jungler builds damage then yes, they will be more useful in teamfights and therefore win. Maybe I'll try to find a damage lee sin build but I really see no point in doing so when there's Kha'zix and Wukong who are super viable right now. Yesterday for the first time I built damage Vi, and they had a tank amumu. The amumu actually had a lot more successful ganks than me but guess who won in the end? The BotRK and black cleaver Vi!! Carry jungling is a style that I'm having a really hard time adjusting to, since I only played tank lee sin for a long time and used to having my lanes carry me if i gank for them.
0	OP "dated" an Asian girl. So should at least be able to differentiate between girls that look like her and girls that don't.
0	This post and ensuing comments are the only time I've wanted to stop using reddit because I think the user base might be overly sensitive, first world problem suffering idiots. Up until this point I thought it was just cute.
1	What Riot usually does is release a champion who has access to alot of burst for free, either by giving them extra abilities, refreshes on major abilities, or free abilities in general.   Then they take that champion after a few weeks and nerf them a bit. Still OP, just toned down a bit. Then they completely lower most of the numbers in an attempt to get them out of sight, thinking they did a good job. (see: Rengar, Diana)
0	Bad idea. When i was younger, I was feeding some ducks at the park pieces of bread, when this big ass ugly one, with the pink bubble gum looking stuff all around it's beak came up and bit my finger. I tried to swat it with my other hand and it bit me again. The duck no longer cared for bread, it was now after blood. So I ran away and jumped on a park bench. It was like jaws, he just kept snapping at me until my sister came with a stick and scared it off.
1	Comcast user here and I found out the solution to the lag problems. I had problems with my ping spiking to 9999 for about 10 seconds which would then disconnect my internet and waste about 5 minutes to reconnect. This would happen daily between certain times so I decided to look up my problem. Needless to say their were NO solutions to it on the internet, so I took my router and asked for another one. They gave me a new router and the problem still occurred. I went back about a week ago to get a THIRD NEW ROUTER and the problem went away. Try asking for new routers until you get a good one. I did some research on Comcast Routers and apparently they're having a lot of broken ones handed out to customers.
0	It's true. Eating healthy for an overweight or obese person feels terrible. It's because the brain receives stimulus if you typically consume large amounts of sugar and/or fats.
0	Story:   I moved into town and found out quickly that I had been used as a ride, and was quickly pushed out of the place we all shared. Ex-roommate gave me room on his couch until I could find a job. After a few months, he, another friend and I get a 3-bedroom location, and I get a great paying job shortly after. I pay everyone back quickly and am able to pay my bills without complications.   Other roommate moves out, and Steve here decides he wants the bigger bedroom now unoccupied, even though it will cost more. But only moves his furniture into the new room and leaves a mess of trash and trinkets in his old bedroom, so no one can come in to see the place so we can get another third roommate.   Now that our bills are higher because it's 2 people, not 3, paying the bills, he has trouble paying his full share. Then he loses a job, and has less money to pay his share, but not go out to bars and events with his friends. Gets another job, and loses that one soon after. Has to keep borrowing money from me to pay for gas and food, and I have to cover more of the bills.   In one of the last months there, Steve said that he has the money to pay the rent and his share of the bills several times when asked before the end of the month. On the 1st, he has no money to pay any of the bills at all. When asked why he would say he has the money when he didn't, Steve says that he thought he would have had a bigger paycheck.   I find out through his social media that the following weekend, he decided to go out barhopping with his friends while I had to stay home, nearly broke from covering all of the bills at the apartment.   When I confront him about how much he owes me, while he's out having fun, I give him a list of the total he needs to pay me, and even ask him to work out a payment schedule. I also tell him he has to get a second job if he has that much trouble getting his bills paid. He whines that he'll have less time to spend with his friends, so having two jobs is out of the question.   When he won't work with me on the bills he owes, I threaten to take him to court. Steve then says that I owe him. He provides math where I suddenly owe the entire rent, utilities, gas and such from when I crashed on his couch, ignoring that he and his other roommate occupied both of the bedrooms in the place, and that when I had money I bought food, gave some to utilities and such.
0	I have tipped $0.00 once in my life.  It occurred about 2 months ago.  I went to a nicer breakfast restaurant.  It was small and upscale, about 25 tables, 15 inside, 10 outside.  There were approximately 5 waitresses taking care of the tables.  It started off rough, we were sat at a dirty table where the waitress literally took the old glasses off as she seated us (apologizing for the mess).  She then took our order and forgot to bring us drinks until reminded (she was texting on her phone at the server station, I had to go get her to let her know she forgot).  She then brought our coffee with no creamer or sugar and promptly disappeared.  We informed another server and she responded with "Oh, you're not my table, let me find your waitress."  We drank our coffee black.  A food runner brought us our food.  We quickly discovered we had no silver wear.  We informed another server of the problem, she said, "It'll be a few minutes".  To which I promptly stood up, walked to the server station and rolled my own silver wear and brought it back to the table.  At the table next to us, were two elderly women, one of whom spilled her drink all over herself and the table.  The other 4 waitress' just kept walking around the place, not one came by to help cleanup, offer a napkin, or a mop.  I went to the server station after about a minute of watching this woman and her friend trying to clean up, grabbed napkins and began to wipe the table down and attempt to absorb the water.  This all took about 5 minutes during which not a single waitress even made eye contact with me, including our server who had reemerged to give us our check.  I wrote a big "$0.00 - worst service I have ever seen" and walked out.  As I went by the window I saw all the servers huddle around my waitress look up and glare at me as I walked by.  20 some Yelp/Urban Spoon reviews and this reddit comment later I'm feeling a little better. /rant
0	I worked in a call center where they look at number of calls someone makes as a formula to success and this one guy would make like 20 or so calls to place orders and then spend the day calling other shit just to pad his numbers and he was a top revenue producer. I asked him one day why he did this and he said that if he called his accounts he would call them every 14 days, but if he did it like this then he would avoid pissing off the actual buying accounts and look fantastic at the same time.
1	I am a generous jungler and give away almost all my buffs and even a lot of my camps, I like to aggressively gank/counter jungle instead.   However, I still believe laners should generally ask before taking jungle farm throughout the laning phase. Its not so much that the camps won't spawn fast enough as communication is ALWAYS important. Just ask, I'll probably say yes, but please ask. Why? Well firstly it's polite, it shows that you respect your jungler and their role in the team. Secondly, you have no idea what my intentions are, maybe I was intending to aggressively farm till level 6, maybe you taking golems and wraiths just screwed up a strategy of mine, who knows? You don't, because you didn't talk to me about it. If you ask we can work together to achieve compatible goals. If you just say, hey can I farm golems? I can take that into consideration when I'm judging my clear time and gank opportunities and we can work as a TEAM.   When communication is there I have made some really great trade offs by sharing jungle farm, I've given my top free farm on golems and they have consequently got super farmed and won lane without my assistance allowing me to focus on the more fragile mid and bot lanes. I've had mids who I've given the wraith camp to and as a result they have warded the enemy wraiths and helped me to counter jungle. There are benefits to sharing jungle farm and not acting like "hey all this here is MINE", but it requires communication.   There are definitely situation where you are going to want to take all jungle for yourself, generally when you are behind. There are also situations where you won't want to give away buffs, like when your mid is losing lane and will probably just give it to the enemy mid. Just to clarify, by losing lane I mean feeding. If your Ahri is 0//0/0 but is having trouble holding lane because she is always being pushed by their Malz, give her blue. The CD and mana will allow her to spam her spells, take pressure of her lane and start roaming like she should.
1	Pen is great on champs with high base damage because it causes the damage you do to ignore more armor. Since you have high base damage you dont need more damage, just a way for that damage to get through.   AD allows you to have higher base damage which is very helpful for last hitting.   AP(and AD) are great with abilities that maybe dont have high base damage but have good scaling because the bonus AP/AD with amplify your skills damage via the scaling.
0	I was really sick during my first few week in Basic Training I knew there was a lot of mucus but I couldn't get it out no matter how much I blew, I felt like I was going to die. I went to sick call a few times but nothing helped. The 2nd week we had to go through the gas chamber and when I breathed in the tear gas, I instantly felt the snot dripping out and when I blew, this clear and green comes shooting out to the ground and I instantly felt so much better. Way better than any cold medicine.
1	I'm going to paraphrase your points 'cause I'm at work and should be doing some tests instead of reddit.   > Lan centers aren't near me.     This is probably due to there being no growth( or potential growth seen) in the market being targeted. Putting a "BIG NAME" lan center isn't going to fix this issue. The place will still hemorrhage money with no one there.      > Someone with money can maintain and purchase machines     This is too idealistic.      Let's do a breakdown of cost. Let's say a Mid-high end machine costs around $800-900. You're now going to buy 10-15. You strike a deal and get the cost down because you're a big box retailer. These 15 machines now can cost you 500 a pop just on desktop hardware excluding monitor and stuff. You're now buying higher end monitors for 200-300 a pop. So, now Machines are 7500 total and monitors add another 3000 (at 200 a pop) okay. For 10,500 you've got desktops and monitors. Next up is building space, we'll say a 1200 sqft building (one floor) in a plaza or something is around $2-3 k in rent a month. Internet is probably the worst to price out here so I'll leave this out for now until I can get some datas. Electric should be hard too(I live in a two bedroom apartment and pay about $200 a month in power and gas so I'll use this number to scale. So, we'll say about 800 a month to power. With internet let's say 1200)   So, first month to just open the door 14k (excluding staff and furniture/gunnars/food/coolers/what have you)   Staff? Possible pay breakout below*:   So let's say you have one manager two supervisors two part time.   Manager (@$15/hr) = 600 a week Supervisor (@$12/hr) = 480 a week Part timers (@ $9/hr) = 450 a week for the two part timers   Part time is less than 40 hours a week. (We'll say 25)   $6100 roughly (before taxes) to employees(4).   First month's cost is now at 21k or so just to open the door (excluding vending goods [have to be bought up front] and furnishings/peripherals for machines.   Granted, the cost reduces after the first month based on you not needing to purchase new machines again.
1	It's like the community (or vocal minority) has never seen another reality television series besides GameCribs. They are structured to gain reactions from the audience via drama. Nobody would continue to watch it otherwise. Reality TV is staged, shocking? No. While what you see on GameCribs might not be staged entirely, it is created to have you react by only showing negative situations. Regi has said he doesn't mind being the focus of hate on the team. Perhaps why he's portrayed as a villain of sorts on the show.
0	I imagine this will get down voted to oblivion, but I don't mind.   Mind you, I'm not an expert, but this is why I don't particularly care about the issue and am frustrated with reddit's general stance.   We as citizens basically sat around and watched the Patriot Act go through will moderate fuss, which basically is the key in what allowed this to happen and why so many in the government on both sides allowed it to happen and said nothing in protest. We've known this is happening for year, but chose to ignore it until it was thrust in our faces. All of a sudden we throw a hissy fit.   Are there parts where things maybe weren't done properly and someone taking advantage of the information at their disposal? Most likely, but where hasn't there been? You are dealing with human nature here. MN recently had a case were an employee accessed the personal information of hundreds of people without official reasons. These things happen.   Privacy is dead, and this has been known for years by many. The more interconnected we get and the more we use and depend on technology, the more we sacrifice privacy. That won't change unless we rise as a collective whole, not against the government, but against the tech giants. In the world we live in today, we basically have to deal with the privacy terms they give us, with no other options often.   Lastly, even if the government goes all V for Vendetta - esque I could care less. In the struggle of the few vs the many, the people will always succeed in the end. If they want to go down that road, let them try.
1	In an annie vs fizz matchup, annie should NEVER EVER let fizz get in range for Q. This is easily done because annie's Q and W range are 625, as compared to fizz's 550 Q range. A good annie will also NEVER USE Q to stun fizz, annie uses W to stun which is instant and cannot be trickster'ed on sight.   Basically, fizz has to PREDICT if annie is going to use her W, then use trickster (hitting annie with it),  then keep hitting her with your Q and W.   But a good annie can also predict that fizz is trying to juke her W. If she doesn't use her W and you use trickster, you're going to eat a face full of FIRE and you're not going to come out ahead.   Lastly, using trickster is going to use a ton of mana. While Annie's W is relatively cheap. Annie can afford to make mistakes in the matchup, fizz has a lower margin of error. Keep in mind too that annie can burst Fizz's ass with her QWR+ignite combo too.
0	you don't hate microbreweries.  you hate hipsters.  we all do.  The biggest hipsters are drinking PBR for the same irony and "fandom" as the beer snobs drinking triple hopped dunkelwesien, just because they know you have never heard of it or drank it.  America has fostered an AMAZING and wonderful beer culture, and some small shops whose products don't travel further than their own front doors are making some of the best beer you've never had.
0	I went travelling with my close gay friend to Thailand and Cambodia. We made a deal about going to a gay bar one day straight bar next. Easily one of the more fruitful trips I ever had. I realize the stigma attached to the countries we travelled to, so I feel it is important to make it clear that none of us paid for our entertainment.   He was very protective of me if I got hit on at the gay bars and when people find out I was just there to support my friend, I didn't really have to pay for drinks all night either.
1	I keep hearing people talk about these people giving them death threats, but in all the games I've played, I think I've had a total of three people who were swearing or insulting people on their team or the other (including one of my friends who was doing it in an obviously sarcastic way).  Granted, I haven't really done that much ranked gameplay, but you'd think that in normals and customs people would still care enough to swear or insult others if they were that kind of person.
0	Haha its always the "why do you  need  it" argument with anything. Someone wants to buy a lifted diesel with smoke stacks? Who cares. People are allowed to buy whatever is legal in this country. Hell, Id have someone buy a big diesel over a gas powered truck anyday. One of those diesel trucks gets better gas mileage than the new 4runners and grand cherokees.
0	I know many of my friends on Facebook would like reddit but they just aren't interested in "getting in to it". Since I'm not going to be a douche and try to cram reddit.com in their face, I simply post those things they would find interesting or enlightening on Facebook. It's not about making myself look smart or clever or original. It's that helping them enjoy the intarwebs a little more makes me feel good.
0	You see, some person finds something (snowden). Then journalists write about it, and some redditor shares it with us (usually with some false headline) and a group of redditors start what we call a circle jerk. Now, in a circle jerk logic holds no place and people with terrible ideas (revolution) are backed up, and anyone who has a different opinion gets downvoted into oblivion.
0	Yes and No.   The wikipedia definition is one made to define the concept of Karma, as understood broadly. This means that this will be accepted by almost anyone who knows the concept, even if just the slightest.   However, Real Life Karma, or the real concept of Karma as seen by the Hindu religion, talks about the effect our deeds on our next life. This is a CORNER STONE concept in Hinduism, the fact that there is no instant karma, not in our own lifetime. The so called "ripples" that someone here mentioned, affect the rebirth cycle. There the actual Dharma cycle comes into effect as to what you will be reborn as, or the "win condition" of exiting the cycle (achieving godhood).   Now, why is this important? The fact that there isn't instant Karma.   Well, the story of the first Buddha is kinda long and repetitive, has a lot of mysticism to it, a lot of analogies and the such. And it somewhat differ from place to place. But in almost all instances there's the mentioning of the Buddha fasting and contemplating misery in the world (he was a very sensitive prince). And then he came to the realization of Karma. And he realized that people may be poor and sick, but the poorer they are, usually the better human beings they are. And the real gift will come to them in the next life when they get to be reborn as a high form of being, or even better, stop being reborn. Better why? Well, life is bad, you see. It has to be, there's all this suffering, and pain. And who suffers the most in humans? The poor and sick. But they shouldn't try to better their lives, it's worthless, the change is only available in the next life time. And who has the most suffering and pain? Low life forms, so that must mean that if you deserve to feel pain, you'll be reborn as a low life form. But if you did good, can even be just suffered, you deserve to be reborn as a higher form. But if you do REALLY good during your life time, you can escape the cycle and the pain of life all together and stop being reborn and join Brahman or whatever. At least until Shiva comes and destroys  everything. But that's some Hinduism muddled in there.
1	I've actually taken a long break from the game and am straight up thinking of quitting. I know this is the ELO hell argument but the utter lack of progression because people lucked out and are ranked a lot higher than they should be is frustrating to me.   I am silver V, I worked my ass off to get to silver V after losing all 10 games of my placement matches. Suffice to say I started ranked way too early. That being said, I am silver V 0 LP after having been in promo series' 4 times.   Ragers, flamers, downers and people in silver who should, really, be mid bronze are what frustrate me. I will never be mad over losing a game where I can say to myself "Wow, I really got outplayed". The games that make me mad are games where my lane and I are 2-2  but top and mid are 0-5 and 0-3 respectively. There's no winning that, no matter how well I play. It's over.   Then you have the tryhards who hit no because "We can totally turn this 7-26 game guys, they're only outfarming us by 400 collectively. I'm gonna press no to this surrender."   Yeah, this game's community is either bad or trash, in silver, for the most part. Only games I can actually win is where I snowball my lane because my opponent is bad/got counter picked (snowballs in bot lane rarely happen if I'm against another team that's reasonably competent, never said I was particularly amazing.)
0	First off, this all happened two decades ago. Back then the closest thing most of us mere mortals could get to "internet" was a very unruly 32-modem BBS. As far as getting off the streets goes, I guess I eventually got tired of all the hardships one must ensure to have that level of freedom, so I cleaned up, stayed in a shelter until I got some menial but steady job, used that to rent a room from somebody, and then kind of went from there.   Most of the people I spent time around on the streets had serious mental health or substance abuse problems which hindered both their desire and ability to find a way off the streets. I didn't have anything like that going on, just a dumb kid trying to live by some romantic ideal of the road less traveled or whatever, so the transition wasn't hard.
0	Doing things that come naturally is not always the answer.  We have things like self-restraint, tact, compassion that sometimes override our "natural" inclinations.
1	Oh god this brings back one of the funniest memories of my boring life... Watching this movie in the theater... dude behind me and his kids. Proceed to watch a man fly, catch falling planes, perform all kinds of impossible super human shit and not a word. We get to this scene and he is totally ok with it. We get to the part where the slow motion bullet smashes on his eye.   Dude proceeds to yell BULLSHIT! at the top of his lungs. Remains quiet the entire rest of the movie. I don't know why but this made me laugh uncontrollably. I still get a chuckle when I think about it to this day.   edit: btw the whole reason I started typing was to tell you how hilarious this video was (Until I had my flashback.) Great Job!
0	My second grade teacher wrote me up because I have a fear of spiders and the subject we were talking about was different types of insects. I was too scared to look at the pictures and I ended up getting suspended for refusing to cooperate. In my first year of highschool I got really sick from bad home made food and threw up in the bathroom. I was 10 minutes late to class and my teacher basically flipped his shit saying how hard it is to be a teacher when your students are liars. I was suspended for arguing with him.
0	I know I'm going to get a lot of "faggot" responses, but this post feels shitty and wrong to me.  He made a good amount of money by making light of the word faggot, cunt, and nigger.  I am a "faggot" I guess, so whatever.  I believe his act is meant to be satirical and a critique of sensitivity to words.  But I think his act would have been received much differently if he had said, "I would never call a black guy a nigger... unless he was being a nigger."  (That's okay for him, but not Michael Richards?)   I'll apologize for being overly-sensitive, but I wish I could explain the violent Pavlov's dog reaction I have to hearing that word, "faggot."  I grew up in a small town in Indiana.  I got the shit kicked out of me at 14, my mom's property vandalized so many times, and a death threat through the fast food drive-through I worked at.  All of those involved the word faggot.  My senior class voted me a senior award, when my name was announced and I stood up to walk to the stage, I'll never forget the name of the student two rows ahead of me who said loud enough for people around to hear: "fucking faggot."  That's what I thought about on stage in front of the school.   I support the hesitance people have about a society that is so politically correct that you can't offend anyone.  Or even the right to offend  everyone .  However, just because he isn't carlos mencia, doesn't mean he is above using cheap humor that perpetuates a shitty experience for minorities.   [If you haven't watched it.](
0	Yeah, I see it more as they are insecure about that particular part of their own personality so they are quick to jump to ridicule any kind of "alpha" type behavior.   Now if I went on to tell the honest truth that I have been in fights when I was in the navy before and had to reset my own nose in a bathroom of a night club (when I got decked) I would just get ridiculed more because it would touch on that specific insecurity of theirs even more.
0	I am an claims adjuster for a company who's break cost is .04% compared to the resf of the company..
1	Go flip a regular coin 10 times. Did you get heads and tails 5 times each? Probably not. It's possible to get heads 9 times and tails 1 time. Just like it's possible to get a troll on your team more than half the time even though the chances of that happening are low. It's also possible to win the lottery after buying just a few tickets even though that's almost impossible.   Now think about 10000 people each playing 9 games of league with a troll on either team. According to you, everyone will have a troll on their team 4 times and play against a troll 5 times. This is simply not true. It's entirely possible that someone will play against 9 trolls or have 9 trolls on their team.
1	I really don't agree in your statements. The changes they made to the jungle are correct and should be consider correct.  The whole video is about a one man scenario which will never apply in a real game. What was said about the new jungle camp was that they would be based on the average level of your team. So for example your mid and top are 6 and your adc and support are level 5 and you are level 4 as a jungler, because your blue buff or red buff got stolen or whatever. the camps would get an average level of 6+6+5+5+4=26/5=5.2= level 5 so the level would be higher then you are as a jungler so this would increase your gold income and xp income. Basically what they tried to do with this patch is farm heavy junglers not fall behind when they have to gank. So for example you gank a lane you're now a level behind on your team farm a few camps and you're back to the same level as your team, because the average level of your team is higher than you are. In a real game scenario this helps a farm heavy jungler. I do agree the changes to lantern made yi have sustain problems, but maybe junglers that we forgot about that can make use of that extra attack speed to better sustain the jungle?   While a few things are correct in this video this is nowhere near a real game scenario. (as ganks and kill/assist/turret gold income isn't considered as we all know junglers have huge in-pact on turret killing and will also get one of the highest amount(s) of gold for every turret kill). Also protecting turrets isn't applied in the gold income which is and will be big for gold income for junglers. Taxing gold after a gank isn't considered. So overall this whole video should be taken too serious. I'm sorry stonewall008 I do agree on a lot of the videos you make, but this one just isn't one of them. This one just shows lack of real research you have done to compare the 2 seasons. What you should've done was recreate a real life scenario with kills/assists/turrets and teammates. This will show the real difference between the jungles, gold and xp income.
1	Chauster is shotcalling since last week, before then they had no main shot-caller and they had to force Chauster to do it because he wasn't feeling confident stepping up. The guy is getting used to his role and you are like inventing him some sort of huge ego when all he says in interviews is how he suck and how the team suck and how they need to learn the game all together to be able to do the right calls.   The chauster hate on this subreddit is really stupid as fuck, you guys are full of prejudices and false ideas. Hell you even go to say that Chauster made clg not being consistent. IVE BEEN A FAN OF CLG FOR 4 YEARS THEY HAVE NEVER BEEN CONSISTENT.
0	After a certain age (say, 3), yes.  Before that, no.  What you have there is not a trainable, rational person.  Base, completely dependent survival instinct is all they know.  Ignoring a squalling infant is completely useless.  Babies cry when they feel like they need something.  Sometimes, it's just that they want to be held.  Guess what, Mom Of The Year!  You were mature enough to believe your contribution to the Human Race was worth making.  So it's worth your attention.  Your life is no longer your own.  If you thought it would be, you're wrong.  You now have a responsibility to that kid, and to the rest of Humanity, to raise it to be a contributing member of society.  That starts as soon as the stick turns blue, and ends when one of you is dead.
1	While Syndra is not the fastest mid champ by far, all of her basic abilities can be used while moving and will not cause her to stop. She can run and gun. Also, most of them have 800-900 range. Her ult's range is like 650 or so, but at level three, and after this next patch, it's range will be extended to 725, to be inline with the rest of the bonus her kit gets from her passive at their max levels.   As far as team utility, her Q can utilize Rylai's, though whether it is counted as a multi-target ability or single target, I am not sure. What I do know is that her W, which tosses any pet (such as tibbers), minion, or jungle mob has a slow on impact, which is quite useful. And it really hurts. Her E, if you hit an orb which then hits something (hopefully a champ), is neat. Think projectile shots: if you can hit them, they will be caught by the team -> you know how that goes. Her ult, depending on the way you build her, can either do great damage (usually above 1400  after  resists on squishies), or stupid amounts of damage (2200+ damage on softer targets, including bruisers), so you can imagine how well that would work against that Xin or Vi that just wants your AD carry's head.   People have it stuck in their heads that Syndra is a poor choice for mid, and they are wrong. She has an incredibly safe laning phase, assuming you are warding and stuff, as she outranges most mids on her abilities. She's basically a mobile artillery piece: lay some shots down, then go blow someone up. If someone is trying to escape, hit an orb with E into them to stun them for a second. They won't be escaping for very long.   The only lanes that she would have a hard time with are lanes with gap closers. For them, it might be worth it in the long run to farm under tower so that they have the threat of being stunned by you under your tower. Champs with gap closers generally don't like to be unloaded by both a tower and an AP mid.   It is usually recommended to pick up a RoA on her for the mana, and something with heavy mana regen would not be a poor choice for her as her kit is rather mana hungry. Think Tear or Chalice. Either is a great choice. The rest is up to you.   Another thing to remember is that her ult is counted as multiple separate single target spells against one target, so you could pop a Banshee's with it and still kill the champ, but it does need a bit of preparation: you get three orbs as base damage, but you need to drop more with your Q to get more damage out of your ult. Six is easy enough, especially with CDR (which goes very well with her), and seven makes it hit like a semi truck.   Personally, I like to run a standard AP mastery page, but with flat armor yellows, scaling MR blues, MPen reds, and flat AP quints. Yes, you still start with low-ish AP. Early game might be harder for you, yes. Late game, with your items, you will have about 2500 health, and 90 armor base, 98 MR base (not including items, that is). You can take a hit (though not too much <.<).   To be fair, I don't know how well she would stand up against bruiser counter-picks mid, e.g., mid Xin, from draft/Ranked, but if you were dead-set on playing her, just skip to another lane. Or play support Syndra. It's a bit off, and not what people expect to see from Syndra, but is quite possible. Just, not the most efficient.
1	That's not how you do security.   Normally a good idea when dealing with security is  not  to leak exploits, especially ones like this that are easy to do and could have some very unpleasant consequences. This bug has been around for a bit but not many people know how to do it. If people did the potential for abuse could be  huge , especially when you consider that so many people who play league are quite young. I personally don't want to give some asshole the ability to easily trick a little kid into thinking he needs to enter in his parents credit card or he'll lose all his champions. It's not the potential for technical abuse that scares me with this bug, it's how it makes it easy to pretend something is legit, because after all if the game itself is sending you a notification it must be correct, right?   Also lets not forget that Riot isn't trustworthy when it comes to fixing things in a timely manner, even if they're huge and hundreds of thousands of people are outraged by them.
1	well if you want to go up in ranks you should work with your team if your team wants to push mid but u think top is the better call you can tell them if they do not listen your better off grouping with them in mid. if you are just going top by yourself and they fight a 4v5 they will lose because of you not being there. once you get higher in ranks people will have a better understanding on where to go. so my advice to you is help your team even if it is the wrong call. because you will have a better chance wining when your with 5 in the wrong place than with 1 in the right place and 4 in the wrong place.   GL in yoloQ
1	Some champions will work better b/c of his kits.  Ok, im relatively new to the game, but just look at Sion... No gap closer, 0 mobility, worst shield of the game, nothing to scale with his AD... His kit makes me think he is the same from the beta, he IS OUTDATED. He needs a rework or relaunch to be viable again. Then here comes the question: what can Sion do that Irelia, Jax, Rengar or another top lane cant? Nothing. Hes too easily countered by Grievous Wounds and cant "lock" the target. Hes picked less than 1,5% of the time and has an abysmal win rate.   The constant patch notes nerfs and the overnerfs that Riot makes when the community QQ a lot about one champion (Tryndamere, Gangplank, Sion, etc) makes the players play the "less touched" ones that are good, like Orianna, Anivia, Karthus, Irelia, Jax and so on... You want to win, right? Play the safe and good champions. There's no reason to master Kassadin in the competitive scene because he is too easily countered and relies on heavy ganks/snowball, for example.   The game actually isnt about "master what fits my playstyle", its about "i wanna win, i have to choose the good ones". When one of the "good ones" are nerfed, then we switch to the untouched good ones... Simple like that.
0	You're implying op has more than a snowballs's chance in hell of getting caught. Maybe his co-worker is hot but annoying.
0	I had a few older fraternity brothers who thought they were hilarious.  One day, me and another pledge were brought into a room.  Two thin brown lines were cut in the table.  "UNSTABLETON_LIVE, we just got back from the city with some heroin.  We are all super fucked up."  Me and my buddy talk it over for while, bouncing the idea back and forth.  (We partied pretty hard).  After ten minutes of serious debate, another frat brother walks in .  The situation is explained to him and he quickly blows both lines and proclaims, "that's snuff."  And walks out the room.
0	Actually it wouldn't be LIFO. The gas they bought at a higher price is what they sell first. So prices of say $4.50/Gallon will remain until they run out of that gas and have the $4.00/Gallon gas left. But that's not how it actually works, its more a standard pricing scheme because they will charge whatever the hell they want as long as competition will not undercut them by enough that they lose sales. This is the reason that gas station charge more as soon as the price of oil goes up, anticipating a rise in price. When oil prices go down, the market is still willing to pay the higher price without a loss in sales, so they continue to charge the higher price for increased profits. As competition begins to undercut prices because they can buy it for cheaper, it drives down the overall market price and gas station are forced to lose sales or lower prices to compete. There are also other factors that go into the price of gas, such as the cost to refine it from crude oil, and the cost of transportation. If your gas station was right beside a processing plant that was right beside an oil well, the cost of gas would be substantially cheaper than if they had to truck it across country. But if they only had one guy who knew how to refine it and he demanded three times the wage as before, the cost of gas for everyone would go up to compensate it.   That's a pretty basic model of how it would work.
0	Very late to the party, but I put in my 2 weeks on Friday to my company, and would like to rant my story to the public.   Was brought into the company as a shot in the dark, and turned out to be a bit of a diamond in the rough, quickly working my way from a bottom barrel position, to being considered their #1 guy at a position just under supervision.   That was until I turned down an "opportunity" they presented me, that would've seen me take on terrible overnight hours, in exchange for nothing, so they could reward an employee that has been demoted twice with my hours, and my position.   Since then, I've been passed over for promotions, even told I was "too old" for a Buyer/ Planner position that they posted (I was 29 at the time).  And after the company cut all employee's pay 13% because of their own hubris in ignoring trends, I decided I had enough.  Found another position elsewhere, and put in my 2 weeks.   We have lost a bunch of people due to the pay cut, but I was the first one they've actively pulled into the office to talk to them, in the hopes to reconsider their notice.  The problem is, leading off with "We aren't going to chase you", and blaming my lack of advancement on "not meeting them half way" was more insulting than anything, especially after all the long hours, weekends, and multiple jobs I've juggled for them in my 4 years with them.  No counter offer was extended, and I don't expect one to be.   the
1	No it's not. RS classic is and has been free for a very long time. It's a ghost-town. "Oldschool" is basically the 2007 version of RS that is separate from the main game. A lot of people hated the Evolution of Combat so they released Oldschool.
1	Not me, but getting someone else to ragequit. I swear that my friends are extremely good at it- not by being assholes or anything, but by running troll comps, or stupid things that shouldn't work, or what have you. My boyfriend especially is really, really good at it. My favorite example of this is when we ran a backdoor team of tele revive during the month or so that the minions were super buffed. Our plan was two super pushers and then some people beefy enough to defend.   We were tripled qued, my boyfriend, a friend of ours and I, told the two randoms what was up before hand. Super chill guy grabbed gragas, said sure, I'll go mid. I picked Cho, went bot with kennen (who was less than thrilled), while my bf as TF went top with my friend as Master yi. Our goal was to push as hard as possible, no matter what. TF and yi were against a pantheon/ gp lane, and almost immediately they both died, feeding panth and gp. The Pantheon was especially cocky, spamming all chat with stuff like "Noobs" "stop feeding me TF you're only worth 15 gold lol" "Noobs" etc etc. Our Gragas didn't say much, Kennnen was understandably upset. I told him to calm down, I knew what was coming next. Anyway, with both TF and Yi top, it wasn't long before they got the tower down, even with the amount of deaths they had. Panth was mad, but decided to gank the other lanes. TF and yi kept pushing. And pushing. The enemy tried to teamfight, or gank them, but no matter what, they pushed, while usually Gragas, myself and kennen fended them off as best we could. Gragas did Gragas things, Kennen farmed, and whenever my tele was up I went to wherever I could and managed to get a few towers myself. At this point it was still looking like a win for the enemy team by the sheer number of kills they had alone, but we had three towers down top and bot's tower down, with Gragas holding steady mid. The enemy decided to make a strong push mid with all 5. Immediately yi and tf ran to top and bot respectively, gaining an inhib and two more towers. Pantheon was PISSED. I'm pretty sure I witnessed an aneurism over all chat. But, he was still in the game at this point. He didn't actually rage quit until he ultied+ murdered both tf and yi few minutes later as they got mid's first tower (Gragas killed him in return) only to have them both revive and use their ults to push mid all the way to the inhib. We got the nexus not to long after.   The final score was this:  And yeah, I know farm and stuff wasn't good at all- I was pretty mediocre at this game for quite some time, (shitty win/ loss record in the screen shot proves it for sure)  but I swear I'm a much better player now.   Edits: Clarity and spelling
0	Institutional education =/= intelligence. And while I can see how through the actions of some of the more popular actors and actresses you may think that the "average" thespian is unintelligent, I don't agree with your overarching statement. It's much more than reading lines and reacting to it, especially when it comes to theater(as opposed to film acting). I have seen a ton of work acted out by many people with whom I can have an intelligent debate. Many jobs don't require much "intelligence" (whatever you classify that as) but that doesn't mean the person performing the job isn't.
0	Nutrition isn't the only benefit of organic, non-GMO crops. GMO crops do much to harm the environment around them beyond the fields. Along the same lines, the massive monoculture farms that GMO's exist upon screw over thousands of species of animals and beneficial insects, like pollinators. Organic farms lean more towards balanced practices by having multiple crops as well as non-food plants to keep pollinators around. That being said, there really isn't a way to produce food for this size of a population in massive farms without having an adverse effect on the environment. Modern farming techniques as a whole contribute to global warming by using petroleum-based fertilizers and dispersing mass amounts of pesticides into delicate environments, as well as destroying biodiversity.   I've studied environmental science at the college level and what it's really taught me is that there's never a clear solution because different things matter to different people. The best thing solution that I have is for as many people as possible to grow as much of their own food as they can, and I fully understand that that isn't possible for everyone to do. But it's a complex issue, and I don't pretend to understand everything about it. But in order to be able to change and improve the system, you have to be open to hearing legit scientific evidence for all sides of the issue, which most people aren't open to- they take the bastardized versions their news channels sell them. You're only able to see as far as you let yourself see.
1	Sure, I have. Know what I do? Play the game out, and report them after, if they really do troll.   In reality, 99.9% of "trolls" will dodge themselves if they can't bait someone into doubt it for them. No one wants to spend 30 minutes "feeeeeeeeeding".
1	This I feel is definitly the main problem, it's really hard to find someone that is at pro level that's not allready on a pro team, the only solution I see for this is pairing a not so experienced caster with an actual above 2k player like Gbob and maybe some pro not participating in the tourney, that way you can still have a caster with a great voice and the ability to talk 30 min straight with someone who can correct and/or explain the reasoning behind what the players are actually doing, there will be a lot less facepalms from the audience if the casters werent so clueless about the reasoning of why someone picked who they did or why they are building a certain way.
0	This ended up becoming a deal breaker for me. My ex girlfriend would regularly claim that girls don't poop or fart. She would refuse to fart around me, and tried to avoid using the bathroom at my place. It was so ridiculous that it began affecting my view of her. And then she showed that she was absolutely disgusted /turned off if I farted around her to the point of taking it personally and getting upset/crying. We broke up a week after the last incident.   Having an adult deny the very basics of bodily functions is infuriating.
1	Probably a diamond smurf going up the ladders. He has good records on all the champs he plays and his MMR is probably high. he has a good win/loss ratio. So don't worry, he won't stay in your leagues for long. The sudden increase doesn't necessarily mean its ELO boosting. The lolking score stays low if you don't play often. Like a smurf account.
0	Surprisingly, a lot of the expenses that we incur in our day to day lives are a direct result of our 9-5 jobs.   For example: I pay $100 a month for a bus pass and now that I no longer commute I have cut that expense. Also when you work full-time you are short on time so it becomes more convenient to eat at a restaurant or order take-out and this is one of the biggest expenses out there. When I worked 9-5 I was extremely hesitant to give up an hour of my weekend to go grocery shopping and when I went I would just buy everything at one store regardless of price because it is convenient. Now that I am not working 9-5 I can afford to go shopping 2 or 3 times a week and I can take time to shop around and save money.
1	See patch notes   Ignore patch notes   Wait for
0	In the UK we can go to a sexual health clinic, doctors or walk in hospitals and get them for free anyway.   Ironically they are suppossed to be for the poorest to be able to afford contraception, but its just those people who don't use them anyway because the UK benefit system gives you more money the morekids you  have
0	I disagree! I have alot of good friends and they know I have a big mouth and talk alot of crap, but guess what! When shit breaks down, they know that I'm there. I'm not the "best" best friend. I'm only human and i say stuff I dont meen.   I think you just have to be honest about why you do stuff. I always stay behind what I said, even if it makes no sense and was hurtful.   But honestly, I'm probably the one who says sorry the most..
0	Last night I had a dream I was taking a shower and hadn't brought clean clothes with me. As I was drying off, I heard my mom talking with my grandmother in the living room. Exactly where I would need to walk by in order to get clean clothes.   I ended up rummaging through the hamper and putting on some dirty clothes just to go out and get clean clothes. I had to stay in the dirty clothes because it would look strange that I got out of the shower, put clothes on and then immediately changed.
0	The last decade has identified nicotine's carcinogenic potential in animal models and cell culture.[65][66] Nicotine has been noted to directly cause cancer through a number of different mechanisms such as the activation of MAP Kinases.[67] Indirectly, nicotine increases cholinergic signalling (and adrenergic signalling in the case of colon cancer[68]), thereby impeding apoptosis (programmed cell death), promoting tumor growth, and activating growth factors and cellular mitogenic factors such as 5-LOX, and EGF. Nicotine also promotes cancer growth by stimulating angiogenesis and neovascularization.[69][70] In one study, nicotine administered to mice with tumors caused increases in tumor size (twofold increase), metastasis (nine-fold increase), and tumor recurrence (threefold increase).[71] N-Nitrosonornicotine (NNN), classified by the IARC as a Group 1 carcinogen, is produced endogenously from nitrite in saliva and nicotine.
0	You just seem lacking proper insight to understand any other side to an argument than your own. The fact that you resort to a simplistic attempt to debase any attempt at a proper debate and lack etiquette in regards to which I would consider you far below my own capabilities and intelligence, is painfully obvious and causes amusement. I doubt you have much in the way of education or world view in and of yourself, which only serves to make you a hypocrite as well! The point, simply stated for your convenience, seems to have flown far above your head. The simple economics and dynamics of various types of services also escapes you given that you lump military service along with standard commercial services. You also refuse to acknowledge there are two sides to a coin by making a case at the opposite end of a bell curve where the majority or single parents in the lower age bracket and in the majority are either financially stable by other means, including child support, or are simply a mistake made by the parent and a consequence of an action. Social injustices are far less than you say they are, in today's age.
0	I worked in a restaurant and what some people don't realize is that the other FOH staff such as bussers and hostesses also get a portion of the tips. Some restaurants, like Mellow Mushroom have an automatic tip share that come in the paycheck (1-2% I believe) and others, like where I worked, the servers would each give you a tip out at the end of the night that depended on how well they thought you did and how much they made. The tipouts that I got on that system were very sporadic, and some servers would only tip out a dollar or two each night, especially the girls, whereas some servers would tip upwards of $6-7 a night. Bussers and hostesses, at least where I worked DO make minimum wage, but the tipouts were a huge help for us, especially the ones who were till in school and didn't have the option to work a 40 hour week.  That being said, if you have a busser of hostess that has engaged you or your table and done a really good job of taking care of empty plates, you can give them a small tip. For example, there was a night that was relatively busy and the bar was running low on glassware, so I was walking through and picking up as much glassware as I could to make up the difference. I was talking to one of the outdoor tables about it, and asked them if they had any empty glasses so I could take them back, you know, doing my job. Anyways, we ended up talking for about 5 minutes, and they were really nice. Fast forward an hour or so, the kitchen is closing down and I'm working on my end of shift duties, and the server for the table told me that they wanted to talk to me, so I went out to see what was up. I get out there and they hand me a few dollars because I they thought that I was doing a good job and was engaging. That made the week for me, the money wasn't a big deal, but it let's you know that you are doing a good job and that people actually care about the staff other than the servers.
1	I don't agree with your line of reasoning at all.  Matchmaking is still random and you still have an equal shot of having higher mmr than your teammates as you do lower mmr, so then the number of times you are first pick or last pick is still random and unchanged.  The point of a set order based on mmr is so that you can have some idea of how your teammates stack up against you.  If first pick says they are good at something, they probably really are good at it.  As an example, have you ever been in lobby and your last pick says 'Diamond 1 I'm smurfing let me adc' only to have 10 deaths by 15 mins in?  This is what the new system will be like.  You will have no idea how your team stacks up.
1	Except that you don't own music you buy. You own a license to play it under certain circumstances, namely non-commercial ones. Same with movies, games, most digital goods. When you buy a copy of Skyrim, you don't suddenly own Skyrim and have the rights to start distributing it - what you have purchased is a lisence to play that copy of Skyrim personally in a non-commercial (i.e. not making money off of it) setting.   Now, a lot of game companies have come out and said they are ok with people using their games in specific commercial ways (let's plays, speedruns, etc, where content creators are making money using the games). Music companies have not done this.
1	The goal of that hypothetical scenario was that it was a perfect mirror match, totally even in skill / gold / team composition / etc, so it goes without saying that both teams were evenly pushed. Eventually a turret will fall.   Something will eventually tilt the scales in one direction, it's going to happen eventually since the game is a single state 'win' or 'loss'. Someone's got to win.   My point is that when it comes down to the wire, and there's something that shifts balance in the game -- do you want it to be a nudge, or do you want to be a huge swing in 'advantage' or 'pressure' or 'outcome'? Do you want that hypothetical game 5 of a Bo5 between your two favorite teams to end with a strategic bang? Or do you want it to end with one team pushing the other's base methodically after taking down an inhibitor ten minutes prior, never giving up the lead due to the advantages an inhibitor falling grant the aggressor team?   As it stands, inhibitors falling are  HUGE  power spikes that are near-unstoppable. I believe LoL would be a far more competitive and interesting game if inhibitors falling were a serious problem to be strategically dealt with, but not something that would effectively end the game right then and there.
1	this is coming from my perspective as a 1700-1800 player. Normals isn't exactly a fair way to test her. I can run heimer in normals and just because people don't know how to respond to it I can crush lane and get fed off of mid 9/10 games (the 10th i'll just outfarm)   Also I've watched proabably 20 zyra games (not including streams) at 2k + When the person knows how to lane against her and when the team knows how to play against her, the problems i've noticed are generally true.   > All that has to hit is your E. So this is sort of true and untrue, because while E binds, fundamentally as many champs its pretty easy to still trade after the E. The E locks them in place for plants to do additional damage. Its still relatively easy to dodge, but it provides a great way of controlling zones and preventing other champs from zoning you.   >Rush Ryalis   I flat out disagree with this. She isn't super mana hungry and i'm not saying rush ROA. I think its just as viable as a ryalis. You don't really specify any reasons why ryali's is good. You say "if you get attacked you're dead anyway most likely." Which seems to go along with my argument which is that on zyra its better to itemize for damage. I think going for boots pots into 1-2 dorans and DC or abyssal first then abyssal or dc second followed by ryali's as a third and final item.   Also the reason i'm not sure about ryalais as a first item is because ALL of zyra's abilities end up only giving the reduced slow. So as a first item, if you agree that health doesn't really save zyra if the other team can attack her, then itemize for damage and the ryalis doesn't make sense until you have the damage that needs a solid slow so you can chase people down.   >Your Q now has a stun   What? its a 15% slow that you're referring to, not a stun, mild slow at best, like a redbuff.   >I was the only one even close to positive and I carried the game   Anicdotes arn't the best forms of evidence.   Overall I think you seem to misunderstand what i'm saying, look at my conclusion. I'm talking about a fair even skill higher level zyra match-up. I believe that smart players can dodge zyra's clearly telegraphed skill-shots and abilities. As a result in higher level match-ups zyra needs to have her damage set up.   Vayne is another example, in low skill games you can get by as vayne and don't have to do much fancy positioning against average skill opponents, just because when you ulty in low elo, people tend to forget vayne is in the fight, in high elo they switch to the AP til vayne shoots again then vayne is dead. You can build a comp built around protecting a 550 range hypercarry like vayne. In the same way that you can build a comp to set up the RIDICULIOUS zyra chain damage. In my view here is a perfect zyra comp   Malphite Jungle or top Ults in on as many as possible (preferably getting one or both major carries, Zyra E's drops 2 seeds, Q's then Ulties, right as the ult is dropped we get a shen top or jungle, or lets say an alistar pulv to knock up the same group, after that zyras q can be up again. By the time her Q hits the ult pops. So if you are to make a comp for those sorts of brutal initations, zyra can be a god. If you don't have that comp, she can do well in lane but then when it comes to teamfights, smart teams just disengage for a second then its all good.   No personal offense intended from this statement, but you seem to just have "this one time I did this as zyra" with very little analysis on the actual abilities and how it works with certain comps or doesn't work with other comps. I'm sure it works for you, but when we're talking about zyra as a champion I believe fundamentally all champions can be viable in normals, i've gone like 18/2 as karma mid before and i've run a good botlane with karma support. Its not competitivly picked, so obviously zyra works in normals, I also happen to think she is very good in the competitive scene with the right comp around her.
1	Hold your criticisms please.You posted this for discussion, discussion is what you're getting. I agree, that if you're using it for initiation, some thing is wrong. That is what I said. Support pops shurelyas= initiate. Now if one uses Youmuus as well during this, then that would be a bad strategic move. IMO, it should be reserved for escapes, when support is not there. I don't play AA based AD Casters all that often, so I can't say it's useless to use Youmuus for cleanups on them, but AD Casters would rather focus on getting close enough for their spell to land, so the AS would not be used on them.
1	Thanks for doing the AMA - I know this is a divisive topic so it is brave of you guys to put yourselves out here!   I am kind of struggling to explain my question, but here goes:   The way I understand it working now is that I could Q mage mid or something like that, and then I'd be put onto a team. What if I don't care what position or character I play, but just want to join a new and interesting team comp to contribute and explore?  Is it possible to Q into team builder with "i don't care, let's do something cool?"   Alternatively, I'd like to see something like the custom game browser where we could see basic information about what team comp the Captain has decided to employ and decide if we think that would be fun to join?  I envision something like the team builder map you guys have shown, with empty spots for positions that are unfilled and I could click on - this would avoid the problem of me going into the game and messing up their team comp by letting me select a specific role or character on a team without having to decide beforehand in order to join.   I think this could be kind of an -and system instead of an -or.  That way you could just Q support top, or Sona Mage, or whatever, or you could browse team comps and join one looks fun.  You could also give the Captain the ability to either publish the game to the browser or not, so a team could decide to really wait for that specific thing they wanted or allow the general population the chance to join.
1	It's not an auto-attack though.   Read the Tiamat active description.   It's a 1.0 AD scaling AoE centered around your champion.   It's difficult to make an animation for an item active like this and have it look good on every champion, so they just use the champ's AA animation.
0	I meant in terms of the "making fun of white people" memes. The Neckbearded guy, the Annoying Facebook girl, they all wouldn't work exactly the same way if they weren't white. Knowing a lot of neckbeards and having a Facebook account myself, I can tell you that I have not met a single black, hispanic, Asian, or any other non-white neckbeard. Also, non-white Facebook idiots act completely different to white Facebook idiots.   Plus, it's really really hard to make fun of white people. We deserve it, mind, we've been dicks for millenia, it's just really f*cking hard. The stereotypes people know for blacks (KFC, watermelon, etc), Asians (drive terrible, squinty eyes, etc), Hispanics (80 children, illegal immigrants, etc), and all the other non-white races have all been around for centuries, and society hasn't been integrated long enough for other races to make their own general, sweeping stereotypes. And the ones that they do have, are generally weak as hell.
1	I agree. I was convinced top lane was where I belonged, but since I am always the last one to join the lobby top is always taken and I would have to call the next beat thing, ADC. So here I am today, I own every ADC this glorious game holds and I am slowly carrying myself out of elo hell. Being in the back melting health bars always appealed to me but I was never good so I got good.
1	Phreak said they're working on it. It's just gonna take... a while. Due to... you know... ^^notenoughpeople   edit* [here]( and [here]( are the links to what he said about lore
0	I think 3rd party votes are wasted  at the presidential level  because there's far too much power in Congress.  Somewhat less so in Congress itself, look at Bernie Sanders (Independent) or even Ron Paul (Republican), they're essentially both 3rd party but have to side with one party out of necessity to get anything done.   If people voted 3rd party  at the local level  those 3rd party candidates would move up the ladder to Congress with a base of support that is required to operate at the national level.  The downside of this is it will take more than a couple election cycles to get any sort of movement going but everyone wants the "quick fix" of a 3rd party President.
0	Once we had some construction workers building a Save-a-Lot next door and everytime they'd come in they would tip a total of $2 between four people on a roughly $60 check. So one day two of them came in. One ordered a grilled cheese sandwich without a side then decided he wanted a cup of chili. So, Instead of adding it to his sandwich I put it on his Bill seperately. It came out to about $13 for his bill. Needless to say, he was pretty befuddled and asked, '$7.99 for a grilled cheese sandwich?' I simply nodded and I told him yes with a straight face. He said he'd never come back over here. Mission accomplished.
1	As I understand it, putting super minions and cannon minions in the middle of the wave would make the minion balance on the map shift faster. As in they will start attacking sooner thus pushing sooner. Not necessarily a bad thing, but I don't see a good enough reason to change it. It also means that there will be more pressure on the team that has an inhibitor down, which is already a big disadvantage.   As for the inhibitors. It makes "sense" that there is still a super minion wave after the inhibs respawn because the spawned before it. But, I would love to see such a change as make 1 less super minion wave spawn because that would mean that there will be less pressure on the team, which means that there is a better chance of that team surviving a "stalling siege" because it will be shorter, it also means that there will be more comebacks because a destroyed inhibitor will be less   impactful.
0	If they really wanted equality they wouldn't spend their entire life identifying themselves by their skin color. I mean yeah if you're applying for a job and the interviewer says "I'm sorry we don't hire darkies/beaners/peking ducks/etc," then I can understand being mad. It just pisses me off when people use racial discrimination as the excuse for not getting their way, or use it as a blanket argument for every indiscretion against them.   "Hate crime" is just another one of those discretionary powers that cops like to use to tack on extra charges. 90% of the hate crimes committed in America are just bullshit that gets thrown around because a white person did something to a non-white person. 9% are legitimate hate crimes that usually sink to the bottom of priority list or get settled with civility. Then you have the 1% of all hate crimes in America that may be legit, but get paraded around the media circuit so loudly and obsessively that they make the victims and the people advocating for them look like complete jackasses and end up similar to a Nancy Grace Christmas Suicide Special.
0	Struggle has a loose definition. There are numerous ways to achieve the same balance of satisfaction and struggle without having to risk your life (though for some people, that's very rewarding and appealing - I know plenty of people who thrive in high stress / high danger situations).   I think generally speaking, the people who tend to get the most satisfaction out of life are those who have enough opportunity to get started, but not enough to prevent them from having to work toward something.   A kid who's born into a wealth has very little to aspire to. A kid who has the opportunities and safety net afforded to him by being born into a middle class life has more to strive for. Children born in poverty with few opportunities have a much harder time achieving goals.   There are other interesting parallels between the very rich and the very poor. Specifically, they have a very difficult time code shifting and communicating with people outside of their social class. They are very much fish out of water when in different sociological contexts.   I digress.
0	I had gastric bypass almost 4 years ago and lost 200lbs, still weigh about 205 (I am 6'5").   I didn't get the lapband because you can still eat all the normal food, just less of it.  There were women in the support group meetings you have to go to who were excitted that they found a way to eat cheesecake.  Others would talk about where their favorite milkshake was.   Point being, the lapband does nothing to change what food you like, or how your body reacts to them, so if you are dedicated it may work, but if not, it won't.  In a way, I see lapband people as not committed--mainly because they are willing to make a big step for there future health, but not big enough to go all the way.  Their want their cake and want to eat it, too. (edit: literallly)   A buddy of mine is considering the lapband, and he is prediabetic and has a host of other health issues that losing weight will help, but won't help directly.  I tried to convince him to get bypass like I got and never have to worry about any of it, but he flat out said he doesn't want to give up any foods.   I was going to die in my sleep from apnea if I didn't get surgery.  I was an athlete is high school, and when I stopped swimming I gained about 100lbs every ten years.  Seems weird now, but it creeps up on you....   I wasn't big into sweets before, and now I abhor them.  The idea of eating them turns my stomach (well, my little pouch).  I used to love potatoes, now maybe I'll have a bite here or there.  I like greens and meat the best.  I still eat pasta, but nowhere near the amount as before.  I could drink a gallon of milk a day pre-surgery, now I can only have milk if it is in food, like a soup--and New England Clam Chowder is OUT!  I get so ill it knocks me down for an hour if I eat it.  And I can eat fried food, but I don't like it very much.  I can eat salad like it is going out of style--but with a little vinegar and oil, no heavy dressing.  Blech.   I learned this over the course of the past years, what I can eat and what I can't.  It was harder than any diet I tried, and I tried them all.  But it was so worth it.   People who hear that sometimes feel sorry for me, like I am missing something by not eating cupcakes or whatever, and they don't believe me when I say I don't give a fuck.  I don't care about food, rarely think about food, and if there is a huge buffet at a party with shit I can't eat it is no concern AT ALL.  I actually have to remind myself to eat, or I'll go a couple of days and only drink water (I don't, as I watch my protein intake especially, but I don't crave anything, ever).   I do not see fat people as lazy at all.  In fact, I feel really bad for them, as I know what they go through.  Just the difference in how I am treated versus before is so stunningly different it's mind-blowing.   When I see someone huge, I wonder why they haven't had the surgery, then I realize that I didn't think I was fat enough for it 200lbs ago.  It would not have crossed my mind had I not had the apnea issue and my GP recommended gastric bypass.   Anyway, there are millions of reasons as to why people are fat, and very rarely is it laziness.   OP's friend is a dick, IMO HE is actually the lazy one, and he's gonna get fat again, I would pretty much guarantee it.   But I lam so thankful I had gastric bypass from an awesome surgeon.  My wife had it too and she lost 135lbs.  We were both thin and active in high school, BTW.
0	Hi!  I work at a welfare office.  I can explain some misconceptions about the system.  Please note that I saw more than one person who exemplifies everything I've written below TODAY.  These are not hypotheticals; I saw all of this TODAY, Thursday September 5th 2013.  I saw more than I have written, but here goes:   (1) Fraud is common and not detectable   Incorrect!  In order to be on Welfare in most states you have to sign away most of your privacy.  Therefore the caseworker usually knows tons of things about you from all the tax, credit, police and immigration reports they get on your average recipient.  Also, the welfare investigators are screened for their abilities and are usually very good at their jobs, as well as being stone cold SOBs.  And that's just for food stamps!   TANF (cash) clients jump through way more hoops than those I listed above; they have to see specialists who force them to search for jobs.  If the job search forms are not completed to the liking of your TANF worker, they sanction your cash payments until you do, or just kick you out of the program.  Welfare recipients, naturally, cannot bribe these workers who are making more than 40k with great retirement and other benefits.  Clients are poor and don't have bribery money, for the most part.   (2) Women get pregnant to become single mothers for welfare checks   If they do, they realize their mistake pretty quickly.  For one, they have to deal with TANF people, which is not fun (see above) and involves going back to work.  Secondly, most of the benefits are directed solely at the child in one way or another (specifically medical benfits, the mother loses everything after she gives birth but the child retains the benefits so he doesn't grow up with chronic illnesses which are more expensive than welfare). And finally, you can't get welfare if you can get child support.  If the father is capable of supplying the money for raising the child, the mother cannot get welfare.  You must have a letter from the domestic relations court about this.   Secondly, there is an entire program (the Select Plan) that is designed specifically to help women get and use gynecological health--especially by preventing unwanted pregnancies.  And lots of women use it, many of whom I saw today.   (3) Older people on welfare didn't plan well.   You're right, but not how you think.  Most people who are on welfare after a lifetime of working are there because they've experienced some kind of personal catastrophe.  Some jerk hits you with his car, giving you nerve damage so bad you can't work anymore, and he has no car insurance?  Well, first your own insurance won't cover everything you need for rehab unless you've got some deluxe stuff.  Second, your work is going to fire you because you can't work for a year!  So there go your benefits.  Third, you're going to lose your COBRA coverage because you can't afford the premiums BECAUSE YOU CAN'T WORK.  Also, after you're a hundred thousand dollars in debt, you can't even get disability because you're theoretically employable.  Except you can't get the kind of work you used to get because employers make a point of avoiding hiring someone with ongoing ailments.  (And you can't afford retraining.)  This is illegal discrimination but it routinely happens to the clients I see.   (4) Welfare is nice and people are comfortable on it   Firstly, it's barely any money.  It's pathetically small.  If you've heard of people making 40k on Welfare, they are a rare exception who get it because of bizarre newsworthy loopholes.  Everyone I saw today in the welfare office was pretty unhappy, and desperately poor.   I literally (no, not figuratively, literally) hear caseworkers say every day, "If the clients just had a part time job, they'd do so much better than they are now."  And this is true.  Benefits do not decrease in a strictly linear fashion, and so it's much better for people to work and receive partial benefits.  Is anyone in this thread going to yell at welfare recipients because their minimum wage job is not enough money and they need foodstamps and maybe medical coverage to make up the difference?  That's a corporate problem.  Foodstamps don't cost the government that much and drive local businesses (you may not see it, but your grocery store takes a lot of EBT--foodstamp--money.  People are just discreet about it.)  But if you'd rather have your local gas station attendants, newspaper stand vendors, fast food workers, landscapers and so on all starve--well, I guess that would save the government some money.
1	i guess we'll see" - travis 2014.... can we get someone without all of this camera anxiety. None of the interviewers are comfortable to listen to. You want LoL (and eSports) to be a real sport? Look and sound the part.
0	I don't fully agree.  The times are posted not for people to think "I'll come in at 9:59 and still be served and they can stay until I'm done eating." it's to say "Come in within a reasonable time prior to close, we're closing our doors at 10pm." If you can, call ahead and get take out, do that, don't stay there...don't be an asshat. I think this regardless of the side of the fence I'm on. If I see a store is closing in 5-10 minutes, I'll come back the next day or I make stuff super quick and GTFO. I would never go into a restaurant, expect to be served and sit there 30 minutes after they are closed. That is just disrespectful.   For all you know that woman behind the cash register has a kid and needs to be home at 10:30 to relieve her babysitter, for every 15 minutes she's late, she's being charged an extra $15 dollars because she's been late way too many times to get her kid, precisely because of this occurrence. Now because that customer stayed a half hour late, that means she's being charged $30 bucks since there is still travel time to consider and she has to cash out (unless she can have her boss take over for her). Do you think her overtime will cover that (if she's getting any?) No.   The teenager that is in the back flipping burgers, he's got class tomorrow morning and has to take the bus. He's now going to miss his bus and the next one won't be on that street for another 30 minutes, if he'd left on time he could have caught a bus immediately and been home in no time. But now he's going to be late and is going to miss out on some good sleep.   The manager that had started getting the tills ready to cash out, now has to pull another one out to deal with the customer so the current cashier that can't stay can go count her till and leave. This means he'll have to stay even later to do his counts than he would have before, he'll probably still be there until 11pm.   Do you see where I'm going with this? That extra half hour the person has tacked on isn't JUST an extra half hour for a lot of people.   This angered me in retail, when we'd literally be locking the doors and a customer would force their way in "I'll be just a minute". The cashier would have to go sign another till out again just for that customer and you know that person won't be "just a minute". They won't just rush and get what they need, they're going to browse, they ALWAYS browse while there are employees waiting, people that have responsibilities to get to. Now the company (if good) will have to pay overtime or...those people are stuck there not getting paid and are getting really annoyed (Salary workers).
0	Corn has been selectively bred for hundreds of years. This is true and not debatable. Selective breeding has been going on for hundreds of years. However, due to relatively recent scientific discoveries, we can now do things such as splice insects' DNA into produce that makes it resistant to pesticides that are produced by the same company that produces the seeds.   Your argument is similar to "legalize and accept the use of all drugs because look at marijuana - nobody has ever died from it, its natural, and has existed for thousands of years". Well, what about some of the newer drugs that don't occur naturally? Synthetic marijuana, made in laboratories, was designed to mimic the function of marijuana and actually be a better form of it, and does a relatively decent job replicating the experience, except for thousands of people die from it. Not the best example, but I think you can see my point.
1	Wall of text inc.   I like how some people (such as you) are so eager to listen to the words of one or two alleged pros and twist it into "you belong at your elo, get better at the game".   Maybe its a way for more noobs who arent as high as some others to feel better about themselves when talking about things like clamping. And i think everyone already knows the infamous "solo que is all about solo carrying and being better" line but people who actually think about the game for themselves are more inclined to disagree with the systems, and are the only ones who actually make and suggest changes to improve the game, not the ones who just agree with everything riot does.   On that topic, clamping was never an issue in S2, and its actually a very different change thats arguably imbalanced and certainly different from the older system. I personally think its pretty shitty that someone who wins ten games in a row but is clamped can get 0-5 LP and yet instantly others will say "youre clamped because youre not good enough".   Penalizing a player with lp clamping who is on the consistent rise in terms of win loss ratio (pretty much the only real solid statistic to gauge skill and determine elo) due to a double system of lp and mmr is only a problem because the problem exists. And of course i know clamping goes away over time if you are winning, but lets be honest. Making someone play tens of matches in excess when others dont is in need of a fix.   Anoter example, placement matches make it so for example you can have a player with 50 wins 60 losses place in silver 1, but also have a player with 60 wins 50 losses in silver 2. The sheer amount of games won over in such similiar mmr/elo range in comparison, seems very imbalanced for the player who won more and didnt face any weaker opponents getting there.   And dont even get me started on duo que, smurfs, or permanent league placement.
1	I honestly get the impression that "apathetic" is the best way to describe several of these NA teams' and players' attitudes. Players like Regi, Dyrus, Scarra, Hotshott, and many more top players, they've been playing league since the beginning, around 3 years now. I would be so burntout on this game if I were in their position. Hell, I for one have been playing only for  almost  one year and I'm getting pretty sick of it.   Many top NA players make plenty enough money just based on streaming. Thus, why work really hard at a game you are probably getting bored of in order to...win a title? Get an ego boost? The way I see it, there's no  real, good  reason that any of these teams should be motivated to become the best when they can remain decent (relative to the korean/eu pros, let's keep in mind they are still part of the top .05%) and still end up with 50-100k/year. One might have sentiments about how it could be fun to be the best, but when you already have such a good deal, why even care about it?   Plus, basically every pro player is still very young and very smart. They have their whole lives ahead of them and must know that they won't be doing this forever.This pro scene isn't like the NBA or the NFL or whatever, players there have dedicated their whole lives to their sport and turned it into a career. LoL pros have put in at most 3 three years of their lives into this. Why spend their time chasing after perfect mechanics? Why should they even care about intense practice schedules? Even if they wash up on the LoL pro scene, they have so many other opportunities they can chase in their lives if they want to.   Sorry this got long.
1	Yes, but only with the reason of 'unskilled player'. Trying to get someone who's had a bad game banned for 'intentionally feeding', 'assisting enemy team' or something like that is just plain wrong. You could argue that reporting a 0/10 taric that doesn't say a word is valid, but only for 'not communicating with team'. Reporting for 'intentionally feeding' is something entirely different. This thread isn't about Ocelote's skill in-game, nor solely about his behavior, it's about falsely reporting, which happens way too much, not just by Ocelote. He's just the famous example.
0	People frequently don't understand the difference between "privilege" and "confidentiality."  Privilege only exists between a lawyer and his client and between spouses. Confidentiality, on the other hand, exists between all sorts of groups.  Doctor-patient confidentiality only extends so far, as with all forms of confidentiality. The doctor is allowed to ignore a subpoena but not a court order. Lawyers frequently try to subpoena therapists in the hope that they will either slip up or choose to reveal confidential information. Of course, most therapists know that this is extremely bad for business.  Responding to a court order, however, is fairly unavoidable.
1	I think instead of viable or not viable people should lean towards using competetive or non-competetive.   Any champion is viable so long as you're able to get into game with them.  With enough farm, an AD Annie can rip through an enemy team, it's just that you wouldn't win your lane against someone of equal skill as you whilst playing as AD Annie, making her viable but non-competetive.
0	They're just putting students in a situation where choosing not to take the exceedingly difficult class with a teacher who is still learning the English language basics would completely fuck them over.   1) Some professions have a degree as a hard requirement.   2) Many, especially in the USA, have it as a soft requirement.   3) Some math at least, is required for any degree.   4) Transfering colleges, or otherwise avoiding teachers who cannot speak properly can be time consuming, expensive, or potentially impossible short of dropping your higher education entirely.   If I, for example, had to drop a math class because the teacher was impossible to understand, and the book barely contained more than brief exercises to preform, and I couldn't swap to the same course by someone else RIGHT THEN, I would have to take another semester of college near the end of my degree just to fit in one last math class in a very long series.   If this happened when it was too late to enter another class for the semester, I would lose several thousand dollars in grant money I need to attend college as well. . . .   Being a the top of your field does not make you a good teacher, a good people person, or a good linguist (unless, you're at the top of THAT field, but I would hope such a person wouldn't have these kinds of problems).
1	I would just like to say that I hate the altars, and I will give some reasons why so it can be constructively said.   1) In solo que, altars are an absolute nightmare. if teammates don't respond to pings, and timers, you are boned. 2) The timer is so short - every 90 seconds? I want to be killing champs, getting money, assaulting turrets, etc. Not capturing altars. Dominion is capture and hold. That is what it is for. 3) Twisted treeline is a lot more reliant on personal skill then Summoners rift. No wards, plus the limited altar vision, causes a lot more ganks and fights to happen. For someone playing an ad carry or mage without an easy escape, this is extremely frustrating because there is literally no counterplay.
1	Started happening to me too.  Searched the sub-reddit and found something from a while ago.  Tried to reinstall (because that is what it said) and it went horribly.   I kept getting the old launcher and it would never update properly.  So I uninstalled, downloaded a fresh new copy (took about 30 minutes), installed it, and it works like a charm.   Before I tried all this, I of course opened as much of whatever firewalls I had, which did absolutely nothing for me.
0	While there are certainly some 15-year-olds out there with quick wits, educated opinions and interesting worldviews, the vast majority are base animals flying on a potent combination of hormones, self-loathing and a desperate desire for validation.   I don't blame them. It's not really their fault. Hell, I was self-absorbed and hopelessly searching for a sense of self at 15. I was useless to the opposite sex (just ask my high-school girlfriends) and wildly unfocused. Then I went to college, did some drugs, got edumuhcated, fell in love a few times (for real... not "cute girl in English class gave me a handy" love), got my heart broken, got and lost a few jobs, made life-long friends. I still have a lot to learn and life always finds a way to humble me when I think I've got it all figured out, but somewhere along the way I learned how to be a pretty good husband, how to be a good son, how to beat Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo on one quarter and how to generally not be a dick.   So while I frequently want to pull out my hair when dealing with teenagers, I have to remember that I was once that frustrating and arrogantly foolish. It's the reason I don't comment much in r/atheism even though I am an atheist.   ~~ ~~ ~
1	Spellvamp is just not a priority for most mana-based AP's right now.  Also, most of the AP junglers are really trying to get tanky (Ancient Golem) rather than the damage/utility boost on Wraith.   All of that being said, the gold calculations are also a little wonky.  Taking the cheapest items also means taking the least efficient items.  With these calculations "Needlessly Large Rod gives 140 gold worth of free stats".  CDR is also an EXTREMELY difficult stat to calculate, mostly because it's more efficient for every point you have (the reason for the 40% cap). 25% CDR gives you 1.33 spells for every spell at 0% CDR but 50% gives you 2 spells for every original spell (100% CDR OP).
1	I know how you feel dude, but here's the thing. If you're plat, then your team expects you to make larger plays than you were making. They think that "Oh hey, this guys platinum, I don't have to try he'll carry me." It's idiotic mentality. Don't let these fools get to you.
0	Not that I have the complete picture, but there are procedural elements I think you're missing.  Being pulled over for a traffic stop doesn't give the officer cause to investigate legal residence.  I think you have to commit a felony for the cops to have cause to go looking for that evidence.   I believe, however, that if a private citizen comes forward with the evidence (and that evidence was obtained legally), that gets around those procedural issues and they can do what they want.
0	They sell it at that price to get people in the store who are hungry. If you buy a cooked chicken for $5 then you're more likely to buy a cold salad or fries while you're there too, which causes the customer to spend more then what a raw chicken would cost($8-10).
1	Or just nerf heal and exhaust. Summoners as they are give too much of an easy way out for champions without sustain or escapes. People look at this subject too often as "X isn't good enough buff plz" but the current situation is that some Summoners are just way better than others for everyone.  No champs/spells need buffs right now, but quite a few need nerfs.   Every other post on this subreddit is "riot buff X champion plz because I main them and I want them to be op too" instead of focusing on the fact that some champions are just stronger and overpowered because of elements in their kit or base statistics (looking at you Lee, Leblanc, Kayle). People cry "why isn't my champ like that!?" Instead of asking for tweak nerfs to bring champs into line.
1	Im looking from a toplane (1vs1) perspective here, and this will NOT make toplane more killhappy. Toplaners in lcs will not die 1vs1 no matter how many potions they have because they will know when to recall. It will unbalance a lot of toplane matchups, and it will be a huge buff to pokers like Teemo and Yorick.   The way toplane works right from a poker's perspective is you keep poking till they run out of pots, and you make sure the lane never gets pushed all the way to your own tower so they dont get a free b. Once they run out of potions you push them under their tower and you poke at them while they are lasthitting, so their health gets low. Than they are forced to back because they are at risk of a jungler diving them because they are low health and you deny a wave into their turret. You recall and you come back to lane with more xp than them, and you do the same thing over again.   Limiting potions will force toplaners to have build in sustain or to actually build sustain. It will increase the reward of the high risk playstyle of poke champions in toplane more. The counterplay to poke champions in toplane is jungler ganks and going all in with an xp advantage, so the counterplay will still exist. It will be harder to do though because the window in which you can stay in lane becomes smaller by limiting potions.
0	Speaking of Neil, I stumbled upon him during a conference in NY.  I was using the Urinal and he proceed to take the one right next to me.  I looked at him in shock thinking "Holy fucking shit balls! its Neil!" Except that I said that out loud and he cracked up laughing so hard he actually stumbled off his urinal and peed on me a little bit.
0	I tried to find the clip, but couldn't... My favorite episode of Grey's Anatomy (I don't watch anymore) features a cameo by Faye Dunaway as the aging Dr. Campbell who refuses to admit she's become obsolete.  Her excellent bedside manner and years of experience with her return patients allows her to explain away routine mistakes as "complications". I haven't seen the episode in forever, but I think she does a gall-bladder operation by hand when newer, laproscopic procedures (which she refuses to learn, because of the  back in my day  bullshit discourse) could have done the job much better.  Toward the end of the episode, after Dr. Yang (Sandra Oh) embarrasses her in front of the interns during a surgery she has a Oscar-worthy meltdown screaming "THIS IS STILL MY O.R!!!! OUT! EVERYONE OUT!!!"  Then they fire her.
1	I think the defensive machete upgrade is actually cost efficient if you compare it to the sunfire cape - You get 50 more health, 15 armor less, and instead of the damage around you you get tenacity which means you can take tabi's instead of mercs to more than make up for the lost armor, and it costs 100 gold less, gives you some regen and the bonus damage against monsters.   Whether you want sunfire or golem spirit probably depends on the situation - On Hecarim for example I want to get Zephyr so I'd sell my machete and grab the sunfire cape instead so that I don't waste the tenacity. On Maokai I'd go for the Golem spirit because I won't be getting another tenacity item and will be getting one of the glacial upgrades so I'll have enough armor.   As for the other spirit items, I don't really know. I really don't like the look of the AP one - By the time you can buy it, you most likely no longer have sustain issues which that item tries to solve since you just make camps explode. I'd rather buy a needlessly large rod for more damage than spend money on spellvamp and CDR which won't help me with bursting during a gank, but I only jungled Diana so I guess there may be other AP junglers that need those stats.
1	Your request isn't an easy one to answer. Because basically what you want to prove is entertainment is good for society, and technology has increased the forms and delivery methods of entertainment that are available.   So the quote you want in this case shouldn't be one which proves that technology is directly a good thing for society, you want a quote that proves that technology has improved/increased/diversified the forms of entertainment that exist and you'll need some other evidence to support your claim that entertainment is good for society (I am not so sure that this is 100% true mind you, but I digress).   From this point of view, I believe you would be better of quoting numbers instead of a "catch phrase". For instance, you could find the articles that quote how many viewers watched the Season 2 World Championship Finals (wasn't it like 8,000,000+ viewers?), or you may want to quote the number of active LoL players around the globe or the number of hours of LoL played every X period of time. You might want to look at some streaming stats and quote how at any given time there are tens of thousands of viewers watching streams that regular people broadcast from their own house.   If you want to prove that technology is good for society because it provides job opportunities and use LoL as an example, you could talk about how the LCS hires these e-Sports players or how many people live purely off the income they get from their streams.   If you want to prove that technology brings people closer together, you could talk about a number of things I've already covered, or about how it brings people out to these live events like PAX or Gamescom or the World Finals. Or how people will even organize local viewing parties where people line up around the block just to get a chance to watch some games with other people who share a passion for this game.
1	this is my problem with the system too. my mmr was so high i would get 33lp per match, being matched with people in gold1-plat5. But every time i was in a promo series from silver1 to gold5 i would somehow lose. often i would lose 1-2 games in the series due to bad luck such as afkers etc.  Losing one game in a series due to this kind of shit is enough to fail the series. Of course if you play the series enough times you should get promoted in the end, but it just seems like riot want to force us to play a ton of games for no reason. Fail series -> drop in LP, need to win more games to get new promo -> Fail series.  And the best part? I'm being matched against players in high gold/low plat and have to have a winnign series against them just to get into gold5.
0	Except the CIA said he never worked for them.  The university he claimed to have attended also says he was never a student.  We do know that he failed high school twice, failed community college, failed training for the army, worked as a security guard, lied on his application to Booz, and intentionally took a job knowing he was only there to steal information to sell and leak (he admitted it).  He only worked for them for a couple of months before running off to China with a lot of information about Chinese politicians and businessmen.  The bulk of the information he stole was about foreign politicians, military, and businessmen.  His only reasons for leaking any information was to both damage the US and generate interest in his product.  This is a man who failed at everything he ever attempted, said he wanted to move to China or Japan long before any of this, and held a grudge against the US for his failures.  He also lied about his salary, and when he was proven to be a liar, he changed his story to it being "a career high."  I don't know any security guards who make 200k/year...and we know he lied about his previous employment.  Nothing he says should be believed.
1	Being a top lane main and seeing other people on my team trying to top with ghost plus exhaust which ONLY/or never works with SPECIFIC champions (nobody used exhaust top because escaping from ganks with flash so you don't feed is more important and ignite is a must because even if your champ sucks in lane vs their's, you at least have a chance to kill them if they go full retard) and my ad carry bitch at me for teaching someone to play better. My top was obviously feeding for real while the enemy top was being the ultimate raid boss due to lane dominance in summoners.
1	Personally, I agree that Bloodthirster is a very good item for graves as it gives him a shield which scales with his bonus resistances, allows him to heal from poke, and the AD gives him very strong burst with comboing spells and auto attacks.   However, I would push back that 2nd item last whisper to 3rd unless the opposing jungler and toplaner are both building randuin's omen 2nd item. If you're not building IE first, then you should build it 2nd because it provides just as much burst as BT and will enhance your auto attacks that much further (also lets you lifesteal faster).   Seperately though, the reason everyone is building IE, PD, and Shiv first or second item and playing very auto attack dependent champions is because of not only the AD normalization on IE and BT, but also due to how  taking objectives is more important than ever!  And you can't use abilities alone to take towers. Building your AD+Attack Speed+Crit items first gives the most damage possible to champions, monsters, and towers.  Putting more emphasis on spell damage still gives good Champion damage, but lackluster Tower and Monster damage all while being heavily mana-gated .
1	I sort of look at the big picture. If I'm the cc I glob people together that would be affected by my sweet moves. If a carry needs peel and the group I'm with is doing well I'll help the carry. Now if I'm a carry I pretty much ignore anybody that's too far away to do anything fantastic. Same thing with the cc, I glob people together and watch the flow of my team. If we pull off a good initiate and don't have to worry about strays then it's game on.
1	Problem is people are still so stupid to let this guy pass without banning him. For all they know his team mates could have done some epic 4v5 and won, but the guy doing tribunal thinks herp a derp they won I no report kk.
0	As much as I wish this weren't true, I have an example.   My buddy Alex claimed to be "bi" around several smokin hot girls in the 10th grade. Well about a month later all of his other friends were avoiding him and just started referring to him as "bi-guy" (which has a nice ring) but there were some violent threats towards him too. Well, to end, he's not bi he's just a man-whore who saw an in and didn't think about what he was doing.
1	problem is this item, like RoA, takes 10 minutes to kick in and therefore would be a horrible buy if you fall behind. This is because, like Wriggles, you need to be able to be passive for a while before it starts working for you, and this all fails if you get into a skirmish, like say in lane against someone like Draven or Jinx, or at dragon for example
1	Sure it's not as organized as a real tournament and sure it's somewhat like a solo q game.  Except for the fact that it's not really either.  Sure you could say these teams are not official, but at the same time, both China and Korea spent 2 weeks before NA and EU training because they found out their teams earlier.  Also China and Korea have higher gaming infrastructure allowing them to practice in the conditions of a real team.  Sure you could say they are not a real team.  But a group of 5 very talented individuals, training 12 hours a day for a month with both coaches and analysts with over 20+ amazing pro-am teams for scrimming.  I'm sure the Allstar team from both Korea and China could put the regular rostered teams a run for their money.  It's not like Solo q in the sense they got put together 10 seconds before the game.  They have weeks to prepare with an enormous amount of resources.  Considering those options, Korea still shit on China with absolutely no sign of a comeback in China's favor.
0	Some people say that the definition of racism is that it is systemic, and therefore would not apply to white people in majority white/white privileged areas.
1	God no. Do not pick Katarina first pick EVER. No matter what league you're in, if even one person decides to get something to stop your ult, and saves it just for you in every team fight, suddenly you are a completely irrelevant champion, and useless to your team.   Virtually any CC will shut her down. Stuns, knock ups (of ANY kind), knock backs, grabs, silences. All of these will interrupt your ult. And all she really has is her ult. If she is first picked by my enemy in any game I am in (I play in Silver), I will make sure that everyone on our team has at least one way to shut you down in a team fight. And at that point, even if you win your lane hard, you still won't mean anything come end game.
0	Couple of things. As someone who is approaching 45 I can tell you a couple of things. Most people(nearly everyone) are HORRIBLE with money. My wife and I made 125k (between us) last year and the average American with that income had a nearly $700k Mortgage. That's bringing home about 7k a month and spending $3500 on your mortgage.  2/3 of all 65 year olds DONT HAVE $30k. That's barely 1 year of expenses for a typical 65 year old. Your friends are most likely typical   If you save(invest ala a 403b/401k) 2k a year in your 20s (10% of $20k) and 5k a year in your 30s (15% of $35k) you can retire better than 80% of the population if you never save another penny and make anything better than 3% on your investments.   You have 2 choices, technically you have infinite choices but if they all only lead to 2 ends..., you can save or you can hope that it all works out. I don't think I need to reiterate that the OVERWHELMING majority of Americans just hope.   Now since we have a goat fuck of a medical system the incentive to save is diminished greatly. Frankly if you get really sick (before you get to medicare age) you will lose all of you net worth no matter how much you save, unless you are from a wealthy family or have a net worth over $3M.   So to sum up. no one (hyperbole but mostly true) is saving and they will all need to be taken care of in old age. Even if you save it's no guarantee you won't get broke. And, if you save, you get fucked by the 'means testing' that all the 'entitlements' are getting.   Quit your job, follow whoever goes on tour nowadays, and get herpes or stick to a lame ass job pushing little piles of money into a bank and hoping that you or your spouse don't get Rhabdomyosarcoma or something that will wipe that bitch out before you get to spend any of it.   Decide what matters, security, stuff, experiences, family, friends or golf. Get what you want and leave the rest for others. If you need security you won't be so interested in going and partying as much as setting yourself up. If you value having kids European trips and Coachella (or whatever you damn kids do) are kinda silly things to spend your money and time on.
1	IIRC they said somewhere that Ultimate skins are independent of other skins champions receive. The six hints for me that Vi (roman numerals means 6) may be getting the skin. Hide and J may relate to Jinx hiding from Vi. Lastly, Vi is not an assassin but her ult can definitely be used to assassinate someone with some help. Not sure about what the S means.
1	Despite picking her up as soon as they announced the free skin :P, I found I did relatively well with her in normals at least (Haven't the guts yet to take on ranked with her). She is not your everyday mid. She doesn't have that 1v1 power you want your ap carry to have and her skills don't seem to appeal as much on the role of the support. My take on her: she is like a support mid: similar to how jungle nunu was s2 (counter-warding and building support items unless snowballing to transition into mid and late game). She excels at helping fleeing friendlies with her super strong shield and heal that heals % for missing hp which greatly helps survival of teammates. She would be definitely good on a team that has 1 main initiator (like there's no way to initiate without them) and is extremely reliant on super squishy carries to win the fights (ie: adc top and bot). Since she cannot directly engage people (weak cc at most [W] that is easily countered in most cases), her W serves more as an easier entrance for the jungler (amumu, malphite, xin zhao, jarvin 4, and pretty much anyone else that has a gap-closer but needs some quick form of boost to get close enough to use them. Although any stun, bind , polymorph, suppress is a much easier way to open opportunities to gank, the speed boost gives a better chance for the jungler to position properly instead of trading the flash of the jungler for the flash of the opposing mid-lane. The fact that people die to her is only because they underestimate her damage. She whittles you down in short engages that usually result in her receiving minimal trade damage while the opponent taking reasonable damage and  later finishing you off with probably a flash, shield burst, fan, ignite and auto-attack. Obviously she does not achieve as well vs champions that have a) sustain b) dot c) mechanisms such as fizz's trickster d) ad assassin skills meant to counter typical ap mid meta e) abilities to farm from afar with good pushing power (morgana and any champion I can't think of right now) f) long range harass. Mids with very little trading power early will not be able to do much to her without jungle help. I feel that she should be played more with arranged teams as communication with teammates will definitely help organize combos with her abilities.
0	It means all semi-automatics.  Bolt action rifles and shotguns are non restricted, certain handguns are restricted, and anything else is prohibited.  I believe when it says "converted automatics" it is referring to semi-automatic weapons as well.
1	I watch the stream because you are an amazing guy. I love watching you rage on solo queue or when you make "THE PLAYS" with OddOne. You have a great music selection, I even made a Gorillaz playlist on my Pandora because of hearing it on your stream, i knew who they were and liked their music i just never thought to put it in a Pandora station. You inspire me to be a better League player. I admit I do take somethings I watch on your stream or videos and try them out in my games, because I main top too, and they are fun. Like playing Volibear with Surge, I had such a fun time doing that. I've only started watching streams a little while ago, and I'm sad that I didn't earlier because I've been playing for such a long time. I know there is a chance that this won't really be seen by you, but if it does then I hope you can enjoy my words from a simple guy. You are always entertaining to watch, at least in my book. I even leave your stream on sometimes when i'm playing just to hear your audio, whether I'm playing solo queue or with friends. So if you decide to try and entertain more or even just stay the same i'll still watch your stream.
0	Actually, if they are a tax exempt NPO, it absolutely makes them not a business. Unless they file an article of incorporation. Which then makes them a business that's pulling shady shit, like Susan G. Komen. If there is no article of incorporation filed, then they can meet certain guidelines and file for a Charity/NPO tax exempt status. Which can be lost for acting like a business.   ["A nonprofit organization, or NPO, is an organization that uses surplus revenues to achieve its goals rather than distributing them as profit or dividends."](
1	Wasn't me, but this deserves sharing:   Team fight is brewing in mid; we're waiting for Karthus and hoping for a 5v4. Their teammate joins them first, so we start to retreat. Karthus runs up to join us...and keeps going. As we are milling about, confused and indecisive, this Karth FLASHES INTO the enemy team...and instead of eating him, they freak out and run away. We clean them up as they run through the pain wall.
1	I won't even bother replying more than yes, I'm well over 17 and yes I've applied to big companies, I've worked for companies that make profit, no matter are they "big" or not (I'm not sure about what you mean by a big company, a company that makes a lot of profit or a company that has thousands of employees?). They have no rights to request you to tell your whole lifestory.
1	This isn't ALWAYS true.  I cannot tell you how many times I have been countered in lane, somehow been going even, and my jungler comes in with a horrible gank, dives the enemy under turret, and feeds a kill to snowball the lane.   Other times the jungler doesn't gank at all, which is fine, and while I am freezing my lane he comes and pushes it to the enemy tower, immediately denying me farm for the next 5 minutes.   If a jungler does not wish to be blamed for a lane, either play well or just stay the heck out my lane.   The moment the jungler enters my lane for any reason, he then IMMEDIATELY shares responsibility for my lane.   As another stated in thread, the jungler can also easily lose the game for the team.  If you aren't ganking and creating presence in the game, you essentially make laning phase a 4v5.   Now are you telling me that if the jungler camps mid, and you don't come at all that its the mid laners fault for loosing lane?  That is absurd.  Now if you are talking about feeding thats one thing, but even a diamond player will get outfarmed and loose lane if the lane becomes a 2v1.
0	The problem is that all parties are guilty of perpetuating racism, for example, I am mixed (Black, White, and Indian) and I am relatively well spoken, advanced vocabulary, proper grammar, etcetera.  A lot of people in the white community say I'm black due to the color of my skin  and everyone in the black community say I'm white due to the lighter color of my skin and the way I speak. However I choose not to identify with a race but everyone behaves as if I need to.
0	So full background, I broke up with my first ever girlfriend of 5 years, 6 months ago. She left me, I got over it, decided to try and go and try my luck with somebody. Some friends told me this girl had a reputation but stupid me decided to go for it anyway.   I hung out with her once or twice, and I took her to work on Saturday night, brought her home from work Saturday night, and as I dropped her off, I asked her if she wanted to hang out tomorrow (Sunday). I show up at her house last night at 5 to 8. I honk the horn twice to let her know I'm there, no answer. I wait till 8, honk twice more, no answer. She doesn't have a phone so I ring her doorbell. Her mom answers the door, calls to her, she yells back down she's "cleaning her room and can't come out tonight." Ok, cool I just got blown off.   I go to the bar, have a good time regardless, all is well. I get a message not 15 minutes ago from her telling me "never show up at my house like that again" and than immediately get blocked.
0	No. My parents kept the car (bought used in the late 90s) I now drive since I was a little kid with the intent to give it to me when I turned 16. It's got some issues, but I've never crashed it and have done my best to maintain it. If the person receiving the car isn't an ungrateful ass then there is absolutely no problem with giving the kid a car. We're middle middle class, And I realize that I'm pretty lucky that I have parents willing to help with gas and pay my insurance- but not having to pay for those things absolutely does not affect my attitude towards my car. I knew a lot of people in high school in similar circumstances. One of the better examples was a girl in my class that had her dad's hand-me-down BMW. She kept it immaculately clean.
0	I hate the show too.  Your confession is just stupid.  I don't understand why you're taking this "tough guy" stance on a stupid confession.
0	Huh, I bet the Hispanic gangs which are these days making up [34.9%]( of prisoners will be surprised about this statistic.  The percentage of prisoners who are Black is 37.1%.   Oh, and Hispanics are 16.3% of the population while Blacks are 12.6%.
0	Except there are tons of industries that have to meet standard compliances. We have to maintain a federal compliance standard at my office and people act like we're the gestapo when we tighten our filters or send out warnings. I could care less what people do on company time but last time we loosened restrictions on personal use someone managed to install cryptolocker because: "well, I got an Amazon order email but I didn't order anything so I clicked to see what it was."
0	I used to have this theory when I was in my teens, about rich people being more attractive on average.   You see, it used to be that in the old days you would pick a husband based on several factors, including his ability to provide (aka $$). So, rich guys would have a better chance of picking the hottie (and her mom would certainly encourage it).   Having money would increase your chances of having a more attractive lineage.   Of course, I've met some ugly rich people too, and eventually I stopped trying to over-analyze society and its norms.
1	There was an interview with Dexter that he said he had decided to leave by the middle of summer split. Also he said he needed a break by that time with the team. This coming from the same person who felt burnt-out after worlds with LD. I love Dexter as a player and personality, but he doesn't seem to be able to provide the grind that it takes to consistently perform at a top level. Don't blame him tho, that shit must get so tiring. But really I don't think people should keep making assumptions what went wrong within the team and who did/didn't get along, cause honestly it isn't that clear (as you said) what the specifics were - otherwise they wouldn't had been dominant for a split and a half to drastically under-performing just a week alter.   EDIT:
1	If a champion is affected by multiple slows, the strongest one will be fully applied, while the others are applied sequentially with 65% reduced effectiveness down to 35% of its original strength.   A quote above from the wiki. I can't exactly verify it but let's go with that regardless. Frozen mallet gives a 30% slow for Ashe since she's ranged, and Ashe passive at max effectiveness gives a 35% slow.   This means that your movement speed will be brought down to 65% of your inital MS from Ashe passive (1 - 0.35 = 0.65), and then this will be further reduced by the 30% slow. Remember that this additional slow is reduced to 35% of its strength. This gives us 0.65 x (1 - (0.3 x 0.35)) = 0.58175 (or a 41.825% slow in other words)
1	All adcs have different strengths and weaknesses, as well as situations when you want to pick them. I'll list their strengths and create a mini tier list at the end.     Ashe  is an adc that has decent engage potential but has weaker damage than most.     Caitlyn  is a very safe adc with a weak midgame, but a very strong early game and an average lategame. She is great for sieging.     Corki  is a very strong adc in general, he has a good early game,great midgame, and average lategame. He also has siege potential with his rockets and Q.     Draven  is a risky pick, and takes a bit of practice. He can Snowball leads very easily and can become a monster with 2 items.     Ezreal  is a very safe champion with a very strong early game and a great midgame. His lategame is very dependent on how good you are at landing mystic shots.     Graves  is a great lane bully and is amazing for new players because of his passive. His midgame is average and his lategame suffers because of a lack of range, but other than this, he is a great champion and if you can position properly he can become a monster.     Jinx  is a very strong champion who Just needs a kill or two to snowball. She becomes stronger as the game goes on, without really having a weak point in the game.She's like kog maw with a different passive.     Kalista  is very hard to place at the moment because she hasn't been out for long enough. From my experiences, she is underwhelming if she doesn't go at least average in lanephase, and she needs a couple items to get going. Her objective control with E makes her very strong,since the stacks have no cap.     Kog'Maw  is a very strong champion who does much better in competitive play than soloque because he has no mobility and requires peel from the team. He gets stronger as the game goes on, much like Jinx. His siege is very strong and he can Shred through tanks with his w.     Lucian  is a very strong champion who has no weak point in the game. This being said, he also never has a very strong point. He is very consistent and only needs 2 items to be able to keep up with any adc in damage.     Miss fortune  lacks an escape, and has an ultimate that makes her immobile. She can be very strong with the proper setup but she feels like a weaker version of graves, who can deal more aoe damage while being more mobile. This being said, If you build trinity into shiv, you can be fairly mobile as long as you position properly.     Quinn  can be  an interesting champion, and can bring out a lot of unexpected damage. Most people will max q first, but in my opinion maxing w first into e will give you better mobility and damage. She  can be a lot stronger than people expect, but she is lacking a strong ultimate. It's better to use it after you disengage with your vault for extra distance.     Sivir  is a very strong champion who hasn't seen much popularity but is definitely one of the stronger adcs on this list. She can stay relevant all game and really only requires an IE and a stattik to get going.Excellent poke and waveclear helps her stay relevant all game and her ultimate is a great ability for teamfights.     Tristana  is a strong champion with a weak early game, but she makes up for it with a very strong lategame. She is weaker than kogmaw as far as scaling is concerned, but she is still a great pick.     Twitch  is great in all phases of the game but suffers from a strong escape, he has amazing damage potential, but requires a strong frontline to be able to utilize it.     Varus  is a decent poke champion who is strong all game but is far too immobile to take advantage of it. He can destroy teams with his poke and engage with his ultimate, but more often than not he's going to be using it to snare whoever jumps on top of him.     Vayne  Requires a lot of practice, but if you put in the time to learn her, she can become a beast. Inexperienced players will have difficulty with her early game, but players with a lot of practice on her can win most lanes with ease.       Top Tier- champions who can be picked in any situation     Corki     Ezreal     Lucian     Sivir       Tier 1- champs who Are strong but not strong enough to be picked in any situation     Cait     Jinx     Kog     Twitch     Trist     Graves       Tier 2-  champions who need a buff to be placed higher     MF     Varus     Ashe     Quinn       Skill dependant champions -champions who require a lot of time put into them to be played well. These champs have top tier potential but only if you work to put them there.     Draven     Vayne       NOT PLACING KALISTA IN ANY TIER UNTIL I GET MORE TIME TO TEST HER
0	that is true. its just when i was younger thats what i focued on and i lost alot more muscle than i wanted to so when i was finally done i looked to frail... but 1 year later and 30 pounds of muscle i was 215 and i "rekt" shit.. losing weight is alot easier than building lean muscle...
1	As a diamond 1 player who at one point played 16-18~ hours a day before life came around, it's important to understand if the game is fun for you or not. Remember the game is for fun not for climbing ranks in the end, ranks are just a means to feel accomplished and have more fun. Make sure you find the role that you really enjoy even if you aren't the best at it yet. I like to keep reddit tabs and streams (imaqtpie, aphro, oddone etc) in the background to open up and watch in between games, maybe take a small break if I lose or am not playing well.  Try duoing with someone near your rank that you like, either a real life friend, exteammate, or just someone nice you meet in soloq.  Play a variety of champions if it mixes things up for you and you enjoy it. If you really love one champion play him or her to your hearts content, it's important to find what champs you like to play as well.
1	I agree. Although the one game I played with him post-rework was against a zed, I ate dick all game for misjudging ranges/missing combos/generally sucking, by the end I had started roaming, catching people, and had time to farm/splitpush, (as well as our Bot lane getting stupid Fed and carrying) I ended up just popping a single combo endgame and securing the win with a triple in their base. Even people who were telling me not to play ryze again were commenting on it after game.
0	Legal mind here: his actions are not criminal in nature, they are simply incredibly unnecessary.  Civilly, he is liable for negligence, since he did not act as a reasonable person would, I.e. most people do not brake hard without a reasonable reason such as a car in front of them or reduction in speed limit- "brake checking" is not reasonable action.  While it is true that the Mercedes driver should have had more space, two wrongs don't make a right. In fact, it is highly likely OP can be made to pay for the damages to the Mercedes because a) the Mercedes insurance can find he caused it due to "brake checking" and b) OP's insurance can find the same.  Thus, OP himself would be liable and have to pay.
1	During the Summer Split, there really isn't much undeserved arrogance in North America (C9 plays with a swagger, but rightfully so). CLG, TSM, dignitas and Curse don't walk around saying they're the better team. North America hasn't been cocky at all in Season 3. A common misconception is that North America is unwilling to improve and adapt when there are clear attempts of NA trying to do so. Cockiness is not as pervasive as last season.   Many teams already look at what the Koreans do and understand why they do what they do and see if they adapt it to their own style. This is evident in how quickly it took Kennen to be a common pick in the first 5 or 7 games. This is also evident in the introduction of top Ryze and prevalence of double AP in North America. It is also evident in growing amount of comps based around split-push.   So what's the problem with North America? (From here on, it's about North America minus Cloud 9). Communication and execution - the standard problems that every North American team happens to be talking about.   It's no secret that teams at the highest level just play the game like it should be played; methodically and sequentially based on snowball. It's causality. There is no way to guarantee a strong mid-game if you don't have a strong early game. That is what North America is lacking at the moment - the ability to utilize early game through strong laning and jungle pressure to aggressively make plays and to execute.   The teams know this. How can you adopt a world meta when you can't execute as a team in the first place?
1	I get that telling someone to die or to kill themselves is fucked.  How is this different from any other game.  Take call of duty. I remember hearing grown men tell little kids they were gonna come to their house and murder their entire families.  Has it ever happened? Nope. Could it? slim chance. This is the internet. Here, you can say whatever you want. Morales do not apply. I could be a highly respected city official. But, these people still get on chatroulette and slow jack it for hours to anyone unlucky enough to cross over it.
0	I'm a cashier at a tech. retail store, and once had a customer literally flip shit over a 4 cent difference from what the product rang up as and what the self tag said. I told him the tags had not yet been updated, and that the price of $9.99 was correct, over the price on the tag being $9.96. Before I could even tell him I could honor the price on the tag, he stormed out and later sent an email to our Corporate manager saying what a terrible employee I was and demanded a $25 gift card out of my commission as repayment, and corporate agreed...
0	I'd just like to make a point... he's not making fun of atheists, who are not bad just because they're atheists... he's generalizing that every person subscribed to /r/atheism is part of the atheist supremacy circle jerk. However, I bet that a large portion of these people are decent people who just went there because in their real life they are alienated by a highly Christian community they live in, told that they don't deserve to live due to the fact that they have no faith. I'd say that's a good reason to want to escape. Temporarily, until they don't need it, /r/atheism is giving them a place to vent and discuss some injustice caused by religion. For example, many Christians (I am not generalizing here, there is a huge group of people who do this) use their religion to persecute homosexuals. My point here is that not everyone on that subreddit is an atheist supremacist asshole. Those are just the people who actively upvote in that subreddit, while most of the people trying to escape from their religious family/friends' persecution just lurk there.
1	Watch SIV HDs aftermovie of him getting donations for children in africa.   > "The League community isn't bad. We need to stop judging it just from seeing some bad apples"     not the exact words but i don't have access to youtube right now.     Also Athene agreed on that even though he always used to call the community toxic.   The easy way to get a better community is by starting at yourself. Be nice even if someone makes fun of you.   Example from one of my games yesterday   I just love VI's laugh so i used it a few times on lv1 just to get pumped up for the match. In that moment annie ^sup ^ofc ^^cause ^^worlds got hooked by thresh and killed. She assumed that i laughed  because  of that though that i didn't.   Annie and her Teammate decided to flame the living shit out of me and make fun of me. I went like 7/0/8 in that game and helped their lane though that they would make fun of me whenever i missed a single q and permanently ping spammed me for no reason at all.   Later in the game when we got dragon, 3 kills and 2 turrets in ~50 sec i said "super nice job team".   The premades at bot decided to spam the chat with "super" in front of anything they write.   > "super gj guys" - "yeah super amazing" - "man super cs you got there"   Instead of crying like a bitch i just wrote a smiley " :D " and also wrote "super" in front of anything i wrote. So did the other 2 Teammates.   At the end when we won like 25/4 i reported them and got honored as "friendly" by one of my mates.
1	This is almost exactly how I feel. Not only is it a lot more fun to play with your friends, but you will play better with people who know your play style and when you know theirs. I often times have a very hard time in solo que because not only is it hard to predict what your teammates may do but it can also degenerate into everyone on the team blaming everyone else for losing. All of this gets away from what this game is: A GAME! Not every normals match needs to be treated like it's the world championships. Play to have fun. If you win, Great! Compliment the people who did well and give advice to those who didn't. If you lost, that sucks, but take note of what the other team did well. Talk to your team, talk to the other team, be friendly.
1	Agreed.   I don't know how many times I've played Akali and had some smart ass pick Lee or other "counters" only for me to wreck faces. And it's not like I'm a great player, but I have hundreds of games with Akali, she's second nature to me and someone picking a character they have played even half of that with can't hope to beat me because I know the limits of my character and what she can do.   My favourite aspect of this is when someone low on hp tries to bait me into a fight under their tower, only for me to Q, R in and then R out on a minion. Or even better, the max range Q that takes an age to reach them, killing them as I walk away, like a boss.
0	I'm sorry. I too am a nurse, and my daughter was born with a kidney disorder (reflux disease). I had a wonderful, very understanding job that was over an hour (one way) from my house that I had to quit because it was too far away. When I interviewed for my next job, I explained the situation and told them that I might have to call off at the last minute because Ava would suddenly take ill, which was the truth. She'd be fine at night, then wake up with a 104 temp, which meant a trip to the ER, for direct admit to the hospital, with a minimum of 3 days spent for IV abx. They told me it was fine, they understood, no big deal. Small community hospital, with a great staff. Sounds perfect, right? Well, after a few call offs and days spent in the hospital with my daughter I got a talking too about "abusing the system". I tried covering for others when she was well, working over and coming in early so other Moms could attend ball games, field trips, and the like. Then Ava got really sick and was scheduled for surgery. When I went in to talk to them about scheduling time off for her surgery, they told me I was no longer full time (bye bye benefits) and was now PRN status (as needed for non-medical), but I would continue to work my full time shift. I said "No, thank you", turned in my 2 weeks, and quit at the end of that time. Money is tight as hell now, with little to none left over after bills and food and medications, but I know my daughter is worth it. She's had her surgery, and is doing great now, and I will be looking for another job at the end of summer, and I would not take back what I did for anything.
1	Because Ahri's is a different skillshot on the way back, because the ability has different mechanics depending which direction it is going.   Ahri: Q forward = magic dmg, Q backwards = True dmg   Draven: Ult forward = decelerates at end, Ult backwards = accelerate at start   Sivir: Q doesn't change regardless of direction.
0	I remember when my parents told me when I was conceived... It was on a crowded bus ride in Canada and my dad was pointing to the hotel they had sex in. Then my mom says that that had sex a month before they went to Disney. This was going on for the last half hour of the bus ride. Oh, we weren't all right next to each other; there was about 5 ft between my dad and I and about 8ft between my mom and I.
0	Well you just used the word science there.  What most people think of with psychology is a therapist with a person lying on a couch.  That's just one area of psychology - counseling psychology, and that's only one facet of that area.  A lot of people don't realize that there is a lot more to it than that.  It's incredibly scientific.  Wouldn't you say that researching why a lesion on a certain area of the brain could cause someone's behavior and personality to completely change is scientific?  If you were just thinking of the therapist situation as the entirety of psychology, definitely go look up some other fields because it's really interesting.  You might change your mind about whether or not it's a science.   I would agree with you and say that it is kind of a social science, but it's still a science.  It has a lot to do with social interactions because psychology studies mental processes and how they relate to people's behavior.  I am in no way claiming to be some kind of expert.  I'm just an undergrad psych major, but over the past 3 years, I've had to constantly defend my major to my friends who tell me that I don't have a real major.  It's harder than people think.
1	As someone in bronze 5, this idea would be heaven for me for exactly this reason. I understand why people think there is no elo hell but my luck is terrible and half the games I lose, I lose because someone feeds and then afks or I get someone fed and then THEY afk. Being able to get an alias and redo my placement matches playing one of my mains, I am confident I could get placed higher and very likely have less of the bronze 5 rage quits that hold me back. Bronze 4-5 is the hardest to get out of because of the people that are in it...
0	The devil doesn't punish evil.  The devil started out as a proud angel who sought to be greater than God.  In return he was banished from the presence of God, and now he roams the Earth.  He is in complete denial that God is in control.  The devil does tempt humans to sin, deny God, etc. because "misery loves company."  He's mission is to keep humans eternally separated from God.  But, as prophesied, in the end of times, Archangel Micheal will cast the devil into the pit of fire and any humans who did not put their faith in Jesus Christ will spend eternity there as well, separated from God.  So, to answer the raptor, the devil doesn't punish evil, he want us to be evil to keep us from God, but doesn't have the capacity to know that by us becoming evil, we, in the end, will be punished.  He's ignorant to that.
1	Bugs is a colloquial term that can either describe insects or arthropods. Since most people who say they hate bugs, DEFINITELY hate spiders, you can sort of infer that the colloquial definition of bug (since it is not a scientific term like insect, arachnid, or arthropod), does indeed include spiders, since arachnids are arthropods.
1	Ok, first of all, everyone agrees withnyou. Sivir needs a new model. Now, is it really necessary that we get to see another "anyonr else think XYXY needs a model remake?" YES WE ALL DO, BECAUSE THEY ARE OLD CHAMPIONS! But, do you think riot is really not working on this stuff? Can you all give these guys some air to breath? They constantly deliver, and have most of your requests already in the works. So please, stop these "mode-rework-threads" if there aren't any news about them. Thank you.
0	Happened to me once in meatspace: an old friend of mine used to work at a pizzeria, and when he would make the sauce his boss would always say, "Hey, john, don't burn that fuckin' shit! You're burning the fuckin' sauce!" I shared this with my now-ex, and it became a little in-joke. She was cooking one night and I said, "Don't burn that fuckin' shit." We had a laugh. She later tried to relate the story to goddamn  work  colleagues. They thought I was a fucking monster.
1	If there is a tremendous skill difference in your lane and theirs, it can work. So can bruiser support. There are lots of justifications you can make for "shes an alright support." Ultimatly if two players of average skill go head to head, and one has karma support the other has any other viable support, the other guy will probably win. If not early game, in the late game every other support brings more to the fight.   Notice that I acknowledge karma is actually a good support until 6.   Imagine a graph of utility that a support brings to fights. All supports have similar levels of utility 1-5. Karmas in fact rises at a rate faster than other supports. So lets say other supports get 5 points of utility per level, then karma gets lets say 6. However, at level 6 where as like sona / janna / soraka / alistar get like 15 points out of the blue, getting skills that can turn teamfights or even games, karma maintains her 6 points of utility per level.   Riot tried to make a character that was so good, that it didn't need an ulty to be viable. However the lack of displacement, engage, disengage, and general CC, takes a toll on what otherwise would be a great kit. She doesn't need an ult to be good. Its just that other supports outclass her on what they bring to the fight, especially because her heal while good early, is shitty in mid / late b/c its item dependent, and positioning dependent.
1	Twitch [00:03:35] shut up  Twitch [00:03:41] you call mid  Twitch [00:03:44] then die for fb that easily  Twitch [00:03:45] please quit  Thresh [00:03:52] k ill feed if u want  Dr. Mundo [00:03:56] thanks tryn  Tryndamere [00:04:00] np  Twitch [00:04:00] you already are.  Thresh [00:04:08] and im srry that mundo can clear faster  Twitch [00:04:16] sorry ur fucking ad thresh mid  Twitch [00:04:21] get reported fucker  Miss Fortune [00:04:24] e  Jayce [00:05:19] re  Syndra [00:05:57] re  Twitch [00:06:00] ..  Taric [00:06:01] fuk  Twitch [00:06:10] you're terrible
1	Choosing an AP carry when your team has singed, akali, fiddlesticks, and tristana is a sure way to gimp your effectiveness as a carry, and put their carries ahead of you in terms of CS and EXP.   Taric is an excellent example here, as he's able to lane with tristana OR gank lanes as a roamer, set up kills effectively with decent burst, control the map with wards, etc.  Regardless of how good you are with (any) carry in this situation, your max effectiveness will be lower than your max effectiveness as a support- unless you're able to get a solo lane  for sure  (something that as Kassadin at low Elo, people don't realize is necessary).
1	Suppression was added to the game SPECIFICALLY to be a CC effect that couldn't be cleansed to give the champions in questions reliability in their ultimates.   This was before Riot realized knockups were generally healthier for the game in this regard, and why we haven't need a new champion with suppression since Skarner.   The issue is due to how these abilities are designed, they make changing it to stun a very hard sell because the suppression is what gives them the consistency.     WW and Malzahar do damage over the duration of their ults. If their ults were changed to stuns, what happens? If they have tenacity, do they do the total damage over less time, or do they take less since it's cut short? Suppression means that the answer is clear: It's X damage, over Y seconds, and if they break it with a QSS their ults continue.      I am fully aware that Nasus's wither reaches full duration even with tenacity, which gives some precedent for the full damage over the shorter duration. However, damage and slows aren't the same- abilities that do DAMAGE over time always do it over a fixed interval, and suppression allows for WW/Malz ults to have those fixed intervals.     For Urgot, making his ult suppression a stun would make it affected by tenacity, making the swap time SHORTER and thus making his ult actually more powerful. The ult being a suppression solves this problem.   Skarner is a little bit harder to justify Impale not being a stun. However, the fact that Impale is a suppression results in the Skarner player knowing EXACTLY how far they can drag someone, not having to worry about tenacity. This is less important for catching carries, but it's CRITICAL if Skarner is using his ult to peel for his team.
1	You want poke supports, but unless you're comfortable with Sona don't try her into this match up. Sona is a little UP still and to beat Morg you need to know your Q range like the back of your hand.   Instead I think the easiest match up is Karma for Morg. Karma beats Morg so hard, your poke is way too much. You can zyra too, but make sure you know how to position right, bc if she snares you in a bad spot you're dead. You can also play against her as Annie, and I personally find the match up easy , but you need to know how to bait her shield.
0	Yes sir I did.   I'm not some marriage nut or religious freak or anything, but I don't want a kid out of a marriage. Why? Because I grew up like that and it sucks. Furthermore IDK if I'm going to move somewhere or do something else with my life that might not be "kid friendly".   Well she chose to lie about everything and get pregnant. Which apparently is completely legal (I checked. Good job US legislation...)   Now I might get a "scumbag steve" meme made for this, but I told her the child is hers and hers alone. I made it abundantly clear I didn't want a kid and she blatantly went against that. For people saying "Don't take it out on the kid", I'm not. Her mom is taking it out on her. She knew what she was doing and chose to proceed with it. I've seen how she takes care of her other 2 kids (which, for the record, are both fathered by different men). She's a decent mom who makes shitty decisions.   If the kid wants to meet me later on in life, no problem. I've got nothing against the person. But I'm not staying attached to this psycho girl because of it.   Furthermore, she's been seeing a guy and they're getting married. The other guy treats her and her kids with respect (from what I've heard through a mutual friend) and I'm OK with that. Wish them all the best in the world.
0	I had the opposite experience.   Growing up, I had severe ADD. I would sit in class and just stare into space and not hear anything. I was a smart kid, but I barely passed the first grade and my second grade teacher said that, if something didn't change, I'd have to move down to special ed.   So I got on Ritalin, and it was like a lockswitch in my head. I could  function  for the first time in my life, not just in school but socially, and just in general.   My pediatrician recommended taking me off the pills for a week, twice a year, to see how I would cope without them. I hated these weeks for five years. I couldn't get my homework done (I'd since moved up to the gifted program), my friends didn't like hanging out with me, my bedroom would become a mess.   Five years pass. Then, in spring of seventh grade, I go off my pills and... I'm okay. My homework still gets done, my room gets a little messy, but I can manage. I haven't taken ritalin since.   As best as I can tell, I sort of learned to be my own ritalin. I can definately still be a space cadet sometimes, but when something needs to get done, I can go in and voluntarily flip that same switch that ritalin flipped. I learned what it feels like to be focused, and can emulate that state on my own, now. And I've learned a lot of coping mechanisms, like keeping a meticulous calendar, and never doing homework in my bedroom (when I was in school), and isolating myself from distractions like reddit. And I've done fine; hell, I've done more than fine, having recently received my PhD in Chemistry.   The only downside has been my weight. When I was on ritalin, it acted for me as an appetite suppressant. I'd been a really skinny kid even before, and on ritalin I became skeletal, but when I got off it I discovered  food . I ballooned in weight, and, because I was going through puberty at the same time, it messed up my metabolism somewhat. I can diet and force my weight down, but it always returns quickly to my equilibrium state of slightly pudgy.
0	I'm not sure why you've been downvoted. As a recent graduate I saw these exact situations arise. The program I graduated from was removed at the end of our class, and replaced with a similar but much broader program. As a result, every graduating class after mine will have a much better skillset then the people from my class. 1 year to find a job before the market gets flooded with more qualified people, good times.   On top of this, the best teacher we had was let go after 1 semester and replaced with an alcoholic. He would stumble into our building on campus late almost everyday, stinking of booze, and in the 3 semesters I had with him, never taught us a damn thing. The syllabus he gave us for most classes weren't even accurate to the class (imagine being given a syllabus for career prep, when the class is audio production...)   I know people will read this and instantly chalk it up to being a one-off situation, or that it was my responsibility as a student to demand better. Our class did exactly that. We created a multi-page official complaint to the school, all signed it, and presented it to the school. Shortly after the teachers rounded us all up and lectured us about how they've 'turned a blind eye to some of our bad behaviour', and that we should be more 'forgiving'. No staffing changes were ever made, although the alcoholic teacher did take a large number of sick days.   This year they hired a new program head. To replace the previous one that had over 30 years of industry experience, and nearly 20 additional years of teaching experience (guy was seriously old, and deserved to retire); his replacement was a graduate of the school he now teaches at, he only graduated 10 years ago and had worked in a very small business locally only. He was a complete dimwit.
0	A good example is the word statist.  A while back, there was an entire thread calling a guy a racist for daring to suggest that being in the police did not automatically make it safe for you to carry a gun.  Not because the content of what he was saying was wrong, but because he used the word statist.   Slurs are entirely different.  I do not think that a reasonable person can fail to see how slurs are inherently exclusionary.  If you'd like to see my thoughts on how to prevent people from using slurs, feel free to review my [past comments.](   My argument that SRS hates people on the autism spectrum is a little deeper than you're giving it credit for but, given your posts, I feel very little need to advance it.  I had a real, honest-to-god psychiatrist tell me I'm on the autism spectrum.  Are you also going to donate money to a foundation to aid in my noble struggle?  Please, explain how your comment is not incredibly, painfully ableist.  Because, where I'm sitting,  "That's retarded," "Stop being so gay," and "I donated money to fight autism on your behalf,"  are all basically the same thing.
1	I called jungle and picked fizz (yes jungle fizz) waited a bit and then locked in, someone else locked in ziggs mid and then another teammate that wasn't talking in chat locked in jungle xin. I was gonna attempt support fizz for the sake of my team having 1 of every role, but my teammate kept screaming that I needed smite so at the last second I just said screw it and picked smite. In a crazy random happenstance, the other team had 2 junglers too, one of which was another fizz (yes jungle fizz) This was the funnest game I've ever played. There was surprising little jungling going on for having 4 junglers. It quickly became an anything goes match and no one whined or anything. We won pretty quickly. It must have been at the 20 minute mark. Can't really remember. They might have surrendered.
1	My point is if you focus on yourself and not your teammates and how trash they are, YOU as a player, will not only improve a lot more, but will win a lot more. Focus on what you can do better each game and not what your teammates did wrong.   You keep saying what is wrong with the league community and exemplifying why people are stuck in elo hell.   Basically, you think certain games are unwinnable and thus you write them off as something you WONT learn from. (I didn't say can't). I truly believe that if everyone focused on themselves, they would rise very quickly compared to the slow crawl that is auto-gain in this current system. I am sorry if i come off as condescending or angry, but it is so freaking frustrating that nearly ALL LOW ELO'S have this same philosophy that the team is so bad, I can't win. As a diamond 1 player who is having zero troubles with a smurf rising through the ladders,  THIS IS SIMPLY NOT TRUE.  I agree that you can not win every single game, but i disagree that you do not have the possibility to win every single game. If you play it correctly, that feeding top laner who ENDS up at 1/15 would not even have 15 deaths. In not a single one of my smurf games has their been someone in double digit deaths on my team that prevented me from winning. You as a player, can help that feeder out or get just as fed as yourself, OR if he is getting camped so freaking hard, take an objective and equal out the trade. Those 3 are just 3 of the at least off the top of my head, 10 ways you can capitalize on a bad player who is on your team.   Freakin play better and stop whining about teammates, else you will likely sit where you belong.   I assume you wont read this.
0	I hate myself for commenting on this.   The issue isn't one of being too grandstandy or making an ass of yourself. The reason pride parades are the way they are is that parts of the movement have no interest in giving up the aspects of their life that make them 'deviant' and feel that the answer to the problem isn't convincing straight people that gay people are just like straight people, but rather that all 'deviant' sexuality between consenting adults needs to be okay. Not just the stuff that people are comfortable with.   It's true that working from a more tame or sober position gets more done - however for some parts of the queer community it is a totally unacceptable compromise of integrity and amounts to 'playing straight' in order to gain traction in civil rights.
1	I think support choices are fine. With GP10 seals and Quints, getting an early assist or 2 i manage to keep up in gold with most junglers and bad laners. And it's part of the choices a support has to make, can i afford to run full gp10 in my lane or do i need armor seals. Can i run 21 (22) in def on my leona or do i want utility for the gp10. Do i get a 3rd gp10 or do i want to rush an item. Do i get an early early oracle delaying my gold income or not. Can i afford to keep the lane warded with 3 wards all the time?  Managing your gold income and item build on a support is hard. Involves a lot of decision making that differs from game to game and is just part of the challenge that is support. General gold income and builds for support are fine. But you need gold per 10 runes. If you don't have them, get them, NOW.
1	How do you explain that some reruns of LOL, or even some players streaming solo Queue gather more viewers?   So following your statistics if a game has like only 5000 people playing and 2500 watch the tournaments than that game is the most popular.   You take into consideration the viewers by players of a game, but thats not how games compete. They do not solo compete within themselves to get their own players to watch their tournaments. The stats we must be looking at is the universe of videogame players, how many came from  SC to LOL, and how many people went to LoL from SC. That what matters for game companies, bring people into their game, the tournaments streams, the Prize Money, thats "cheap" publicity for them, and what they are vouching on is that thoso 18 000 viewers watching are showing their "non LoL players " friends what the game is about and bring more people in.   I give you the point that SC2 probably generates more money than LoL (i don't know the numbers) but SC2 is riding a big empire that comes from a while back. LOL is still a young game, and its increasing at fast rate. I don't know if the SC scene is getting larger or not, and what matters is who is closer to get to their maximum potential.   Your
1	I totally agree with you, but I realized the other day (as I called out my Sona for not having wards hehe) that laners are completely oblivious to the actions of the support. You might as well not exist until you fuck up a play and then it's "gg these Nami bubbles"
0	all of its individual features make me like windows 8. the problem comes with presentation and accessibility. it looks and feels like a mobile operating system. if they gutted the useless metro menu and added a proper start menu it would be perfect. don't even get me started on charms though. on a desk top they are beyond useless. at times i have even been hinderd by them when i go to click something and these "helpful little bastards pop up. this happens most when i am gaming and usually result in a death/loss.   A side note: i really like the idea of integrating all devises under one OS, which is the idea behind 8.
1	While I was going to the post I was watching myself playing tons of teemo games just to get the icon and /flexing it to my friends that literally hates teemo which makes it funnier to play.
1	I read a theory craft based guide on Soraka a while back that I had a lot of success with, I'm not sure who wrote it, but I can't for the life of me find it now. It was written purely from a healing perspective. What it basically said was, Cooldown Boots, Morelleo's Tome,(those two alone with mastries cap CDR, no need for Runes) and Deathcap, were the 3 most economical items to increase the amount you can heal per second. Getting a Heart of Gold in there early was said to be good if you needed some survivability early. Outside of those items, (and this is all in the process of warding and all that good stuff obviously) if you happened to get so late in a game, that you need to actually start filling in more items slots, survivability and aura items were the suggested course. Aegis was even said to be a great early option, before Deathcap. Starks if you have more AD, Will of the Ancients if you have more AP.
1	The problem imo isn't lack of identity but more a lack of a decernible strength. Riot made the other pseudo hybrid ADs work because each had unique streng.ths and weaknesses that other ADs did not. MF on the other hand is unique in how  she has nothing but weaknesses.  She's no longer a reliable early game bully being outclassed and outscaled by every other bully lane AD (even by urgot). Her midgame's a bit better having a high coverage AOE ult with mixed damage  and mobility but even still she's outclassed by the likes of ezreal, corki and graves who fulfill the same job but with flying colours and a much better late game than MF. Which leaves late game as a possible strength but as people have said, her pseudo mixed damage and strange scaling make penetrating through defences awkward or impossible.
1	Because, and option like this would probably lead to more abuse and a higher number of toxic players. if you think the trolls/toxic players are bad now, think how horrible they would be if they could avoid loss by forcing someone to leave.   This is likely the number one reason that something like this is not in the game already. Besides, if you don't leave or afk, they have a higher chance (5/5) to have a afk on their team then your team have (4/5). This is if your not afking yourself.
0	There is the possibility that the cops will totally miss it.  When I was a teenager, my friend's dad picked up a Blazer off of the City PD Auction.  Cleaning the car they found a little recess/shot gun holder in the frame right by the front door, that had a Spas 12 gauge in it.
0	Try again.   Try what?  Shitting on the Tea Party?   How's this:  Fuck the tea party!  Fuck the shutdown you people want!  And most of all fuck you in the face with a hot rake for wanting to take affordable healthcare away from Americans.
1	Your suggestions are valid, however some are motivated by personal opinion or preference. #1-3 are purely client-based preferences- if they were changed there would be no discernible improvement. #4 is a psychological experiment with no clear roadmap to success. #5 is working just fine...though maybe not to your own preference or belief. #6 is already incorporated into league points and, if changed, opens the door for only toxic behavior (if some value of mercy is built in already, offering the option only nullifies the compensation).   7 is an example of feature creep. LoL cannot work by trying to do everything. There are 3rd party options that work better than what LoL can build from scratch. It would also open the door for even more toxic behavior (kiddos can't behave themselves in chat, don't expect them to be human in voice chat).   8 If everyone is clustered together, there's only so much real estate on the screen. You can see your health bar at all times which is the most important clarity piece.   9 Minions aggro according to rules. Changing the rules will affect the game in a huge way. Not necessarily a good way.   10 They have a team on that already. There are a lot of animations to tune up, agreed, but they're working on it champ by champ (See Sona in the most recent patch).   11 Changing the location of death timers and objective timers won't markedly improve gameplay. Personal preference. Gumming up the native UI is a downgrade in terms of clarity.   12 I agree with your observation.   13 Many champions have on-hit procs. Having champs have a default do-not-interact will not negatively affect gameplay as much as them triggering on-hit abilities by accident.   14 Props on knowing the magic circle, but the particular instances you mention do not adequately break the barrier of immersion. You're already somewhat out of immersion by the nature of the competitive mechanics.
1	I love people who play champs as bot lane support without really knowing why. I can only assume its because riot list her as a support, which is technically true looking at her abilities. However, Riot also list Teemo, Kayle, Lux, Nidalee as supports; you don't often see those bot lane, since they have other strengths. (they can work, obviously, but then most champs can)
1	I don't see how the fact its a said way in AMERICAN leagues relate at all to League of Legends and its international competitions (NA and EU LCS). I personally find forcing people to wait until the last minute to even start discussing their options for the next season a really stupid concept.
0	Jesus Christ Vagina Teeth, the random shit that I can't remember from college, it was like a goddamn black hole where I went to drink. I can't remember anything substantive from four years of classes where the teachers gave out shit grades on shit teaching that my parents paid g ood damn money for.
1	Let me preface my statement by saying that I don't want to take anything away from your accomplishment, kudos.   That said, your achievement is more likely a product of both your state of mind and drive to prove your point as valid. You have no real control in your 'experiment' because of the fact that your play and motivations were vastly different between your main and smurf.   Essentially; How often do you think you played just a little bit better on your smurf to prove your point? How often do you think you played a little bit worse on your main because you thought you were stuck?   You may not have conciously done those things, but it is very likely that you played differently because you were in a different environment. You would probably be surprised to see how well people can perform when they are taken out of their native environment.
0	It's a tongue-in-cheek joke alluding to the old adage that since girls never fart except in private, that the truth is they never fart. The original joke aligns itself with the whole "does a tree falling in the woods make a noise if nobody is around to hear it?" So, basically, "does a girl actually fart if nobody is around to hear it?"   Sometimes people take the fart joke too seriously, leading women like myself to ensure the male population that their female counterparts do, indeed, let the odd one rip.   [Learning is fun!](   Edit:
0	Haha, not necessarily! After that first night we worked out a system where we extended out the side of the bed with pillows (of which had a lot????) and it worked out ok. Also, he'd spend the place at mine equally, and I had a bigger bed. When we moved in together we picked out a new mattress together.
1	You can continue to push but the enemy team just won a fight, they will take a fast baron(or not) and start pushing to your nexus, and there's no way you can split push that fast while there are 3-4 enemies attacking your towers   okay here's a bit more detail.   splitpushing is best between 15:00 and 35:00.  this is for two reasons   (1) death timers.  splitpushing is not worth it after 35:00 because the death times are too long and if you die you will just lose the game. before 35:00, chances are nothing will happen if you get caught because they have to walk to mid lane which is like 15 seconds then go to wherever else which takes 30 seconds.  by the time they reach your towers you are already alive again and ready to penta.   (2) low baron potential and pushing potential early.  Before 30:00, forcing baron 5v4 is incredibly risky.  if you start baron, then it will get you low enough that the enemy team can ace you easily.  Pushing against 4 defenders is also really hard because of waveclear and low early diving potential.   So they can't baron because they will throw, and they can't push on you because of waveclear.   Even if they kill some of your teammates, there are 2 outcomes.   (1) Your extreme pressure on the side towers and side inhibs will force at least 2 of them to back. this leaves 1-3 to push which is usually a very weak push.  Ince this case, I almost always take 1-3 towers while they take at most 1.   (2) Your extreme pressure will make nearly all of them back.  This means you took 1-2 towers for free and they took 0 towers.  That is 380g for everyone on your team which is the equivalent of a kill.   **
0	By your logic any class on any topic is biased and shouldn't change your opinion or grant someone insight into any given field.   I am pretty sure that if I took a class on Epicurian philosophy I would come out with a changed opinion on the subject regardless of my teacher's leanings. Are you saying that only the opinions of people who haven't studied a subject are valid?   Because that's dumb.
0	that shit is a stupid comparison. 90% of the people working at a soup kitchen have other jobs that pay them. and the other 10% are actually employed by organization that funds the soup kitchen and get paid. What, you think those people at soup kitchens just work serving people all day every day and don't get paid by the charity organization or work at another job? How are they alive? Where do they live? If they just volunteered every day and didn't get paid, they'd be on the other side of the counter and be the ones asking for the free food. Volunteering at a soup kitchen is something you do on the weekend or a day off. It's not a job like being the CEO of a multimillion dollar organization. Being a CEO isn't a side thing that you do on the weekends or when you have free time. It's probably harder and more stressful than anything you've ever had to do, unless I'm totally wrong and you're the president or some shit of the Salvation Army or United Way. And good luck telling your parents, wife, girl friend, boy friend, husband anyone who supported you financially that, "yea thanks for helping me get a degree and paying for a lot of my shit so that I'd be qualified enough to be a CEO of a giant organization. I'm going to go and not get paid now while doing the job only a small minority of people in the world are capable of doing well."
1	Can anyone ELI5 or
1	You're right, OP.  There ARE good reasons to not kill the tower.  There's an easier way to put it though.   Every minion of yours that dies without an enemy champ around is experience and gold denied to the other team.  It's much easier to have your minions killed by pushing them against the enemy tower than anything else.   First mid tower is too important to worry about this as it leaves a giant danger zone when killed, but top and bottom are fine to leave up. Working the tower down to halfway or a quarter is valuable, but there's certainly room to consider letting your minions kill it rather than getting it down as quickly as possible.   This is also a good reason to opt for a free dragon or baron over a tower.  Killing dragon as soon as possible means there are more dragons and more gold in the game in addition to denying that gold to the enemy team.  The tower will always be there when you're ready for it.  Killing it at 10 minutes doesn't get you any more gold than killing it at 20 minutes.  (Though gold at 10 IS more valuable.)   If I thought my team could handle the 4v5, and my enemies would just let me push my minions into their tower forever, I would never kill the tower before 15 minutes.  It's like your team having a jungler while theirs doesn't (in terms of xp and gold.)   If you can maybe win a team fight at their tower, you can definitely win a team fight at dragon.  The money from that tower will still be there when you get to it.   Towers don't win you the game any more than kills do.  The best simple "wins the game" metric is gold advantage over your opponents.  Steal their wraiths, get dragon, farm. (Also towers and kills.)   Clearing opposing jungle is underrated. If they want gold and experience, make them come out to get it.
0	Something similiar happened to me this past weekend. After a party i was downstairs putting on my shoes as i noticed the host speaking to the couple who just moved in down stairs. It was my birthday so they started congratulating me and so on and then the host went on to ask if we were too loud. I then think it's a good idea to throw in "well, I'm sorry if i was loud" but I get cut off half way through meaning they only heard "well, I'm sorry!" with a really sarcastic tone.
0	It's more about excess skin removal. The genitals loosely include that excess, if at all.  I never felt pain having it removed and it affects my sexual sensation exactly 0%.  Female circumcision, which can and often does include cutting part of the clitoris is genital mutilation. Think about it in terms of having the male's penis head being cut off. Removing skin that gets in the way, is more difficult to clean and can sometimes get infected if not cleaned properly is more of a hygiene issue than mutilation. Granted, in terms of the definition of mutilation, it is indeed. However, the fact that it serves another purpose MAY escape you. I don't know what you know so please don't be offended by that. Think of it more along the lines of trimming the tail of certain breeds of dogs. They don't give I shit. I didn't give a shit. Any make circumsized most likely gives 0 shits.
1	Case in point: the past 5 months before 6.84 where 1 major balance patch hit (Plus 2 smaller ones that didn't help anything) which led to one of the most-hated metas in Dota history   They did justify it by saying they are working on Source 2 and even then they released a New Bloom event and 2 themed map textures. Contrasting this with the tiny little Christmas hat on Baron. Of course you could say Riot just pushed out a new map texture, but Valve could make 3 in that time even with fewer staff.   I don't think 6.83b/c "didn't do anything", it did nerf the 2 most highly contested supports and Juggernaut. If the patch didn't take place, people wouldn't only be crying about Sniper and Troll, they would be complaining about all 3 carries.   >During that time, League added 8 different balance patches, including the Season 5 update, 3 new champions, 4 champion reworks, and 28 skins, including the Legendary Omega Squad Teemo and Ultimate DJ Sona skins   LoL and Dota just do their balances differently: League has patches in a 2 week cycle; Dota usually has 1 big patch every 5,6 months similar to how League has a major change every year - by that logic you could argue Dota changes more dramatically and frequently than League.   Good on LoL to push out new champs and skins - except that's because Riot monetizes them. They make money from pushing out champs and imo, focuses too much on cosmetics.   Valve doesn't even needs to waste time making cosmetics, they can make the arcanas themselves and use community made work. For a company which takes pride into being close and proactive in interacting with the community, I'm surprised Riot doesn't have a legitimate and easy way to submit community content to be sold.   >Most dota cosmetics barely change what your hero looks like and about 2/3rds of them look like shit.   At least they don't cause glitches or have [splash arts that look nothing like the in-game models]( or break the lore like a [Mummy dressed as a cake]( Saying 2/3rds of Dota cosmetics is just personal opinion so I won't comment on how ugly i find some of LoL's skins. ^^^SSWRengoDandyiscrying   >It's really annoying that fair comparisons are avoided when comparing the games, pretty much everyone always highlights the bad things that League does and ignores/is unaware of all the things that dota has been screwing up recently.   It's true that Valve messes up a lot and Riot has done a lot of good, but most people who plays both games would just agree Riot really needs to step it up, they are amazing at PR and appearing awesome to the community, but not so much when it comes to actually giving back to the community. Those of us who's been playing Dota might appear to be self-entitled but that's probably because we have been spoiled by Valve. Hell, no one thinks Valve does everything perfect, it's just that a lot of companies like Riot are significantly worse. Valve fucks up a lot, but they are good in the areas that really count - they've changed a lot based on valid player opinion, they fix bugs literally overnight, they add player friendly features and QoL upgrades - contrast this with Riot who spends most of their time making skins, takes 5 years to fix a bug, don't disable champs when they have game-breaking glitches and haven't improved the client at all.
0	Seems to be split 50/50 lol   Also just as an addendum, I would like to point out how flawed our education system is as a whole. One of the most brilliant kids I ever knew was a kid in High School, but he had one huge thing going against him: he was hispanic. He grew up in a neighborhood with awful public middle schools and came into high school poorly equipped to handle the material. He still did great, which is a testament to him and his now going to community college. If this kid had had the same quality of middle school education I did and was equipped coming into high school the sky would have been the limit for him. It still is, it will just take longer due to the fact that our public education sucks and he was never provided the tools he needed to excel. Fucking brilliant kid though. What school you go to isnt indicative of how smart you are, there are tons of other factors.
0	Actually I just reminded myself of another karma related occasion.  In first grade I sat next to a kid who also was named Luke.  We had to be quiet for some reason, but I decided to be an A-hole and talk to the people around me.  Anyways teacher heard me, then said "Luke, put your name on the board!"  (Putting your name on the board meant no recess for you.) The teacher continued her work, and I turned to the Luke on my right, nudged him, and whispered to him to put his name on the board.  He looked at me in disbelief and actually wrote it down.  He asked me later what he had done to deserve the punishment, and I responded that I had not the faintest clue.
1	AP Carries can burst under the tower and are generally stronger early-mid game. AD Carries, generally, need to do damage over time which is why they are placed bottom with a support champion to heal them over time. If one were to put an AD Carry against an AP carry in mid lane, the AP Carry would be able to kill the AD carry in most situations.
0	Yep. I think that a lot of people here are conveniently forgetting that by the time you hit marriage (hopefully some time before you hit marriage) your SO has turned into someone you trust implicitly; you're either planning on building or have already started to build a life together. If it comes down to your word against  your friend's partner's word your friend will almost always believe their partner, because if they didn't believe that he or she would never betray them like that they wouldn't be  their partner in the first place. Believing you means losing a home and a family and coming to terms with the fact that someone they loved and cherished betrayed them terribly and played them for a fool. Believing their SO means having a coolness between themselves and a friend they probably don't really want to see right at that moment regardless of whether or not it was true. Messengers go down hard.   You: Hey, I saw so and so macking on X/there's a rumor going around that so and so is cheating on you/you're SO is constantly bragging about all the not-you tail they're getting   So and so: Well, either they saw someone else or they're lying/that's disgusting,why is your friend repeating malicious rumors/how could they say such a thing it must be a joke in very poor taste AND: how would you want me to respond if one of my friends brought this to me?
0	In addition to laziness, cheapness plays a factor as well. Inexpensive shared hosting accounts have limitations on CPU and memory that can cripple a site that is using resizing scripts. Instead of a nice page with images of products, you get a page that is missing half the images because the account has hit its resource limits running the script several times.
0	I am a torrent n00b but this is the basics, anyone should be able to do it.   To torrent something, you first need a bittorrent client, which is a program that does torrents ( idk the technical terms i dont fuckin do IT ). I used to use uTorrent but now its bloated with ads and adware. I like qBittorrent which I got from ninite.com (highly recommended btw). lightweight and easy to understand. /r/torrents probz can help u choose a good client.   OK you have your client, now u can do torrentz and shit. A good site for torrents is thepiratebay, get adblock first tho. be smart the most popular torrents are usually safe and usually only download torrents from trusted users, and those that have ppl commenting on the quality and safety of the torrent.   Usually the worst that can happen legally is your ISP mailing you saying "hey u downloaded something illegally stop it lolz :3" but apparently according to reddit you can get legit get sued from diff companies. So people usually get a VPN or proxies or seedboxes and shit but that costs money. BUT U SHOULD PROBABLY GET ONE
1	Tanks need to have something to make the enemies stop attacking the allies they're tanking for. That's the definition of a tank. They can have CC (prevent them from attacking altogether), lots of damage (so that they have to be taken care of, or else the carries die), or some kind of team-boosting ability (like Maokai's ultimate).   If you don't have any of those, you're not really a tank by class; you're simply running so far ahead of your team that the opponents would be stupid not to attack you.   A tank like Cho'Gath has a decent amount of CC, but one of them is unreliable and the other isn't a hard disable. If he didn't have high damage (Vorpal Spikes and Feast), he'd have to be loaded with more CC to be an effective tank. Having a metric shittonne of CC on one champion is very hard to balance (think Cho with 3+ CCs ganking your lane with any other CC to assist him: guaranteed death), so it's better to give tanks some decent damage (Poison Trail, Ground Slam, Despair, etc.) instead of loading them up with damage.   Most of the damage, naturally, is going to be base. AD or AP ratios on a tank don't mean much, as they rarely have AD or AP in a significant amount.   Additionally, this lets tanks be viable junglers and laners. If Cho were full-blown CC, he'd be unable to jungle (no damage to clear) or lane (can be bullied around by anybody), forcing him to either roam or be support. An example of this would be Leona.
1	I'm kinda dissapointed by the cass changes and i will explain why. I'm by no means a godlike cassiopeia player and i don't play her very often (hardly ever get to play mid when playing in my 4 premade group) but i do really like cassiopeia as a champion and i like the way she plays while having inherent weaknesses and strengths.   (Any math did will assume a cass build of 500 ap without rabadons, 0% cdr and lvl 5 of the spell in question. I'm using the scaling found on lolwiki and in the article. I'm excluding rabadons because i don't know how the ap increase interacts with her passive)   Positive changes:     The passive looks good to the point of being OP but is very much needed with the damage nerfs.     Cassiopeia's E now heal her (because of her new passive) and restores mana. These changes are nice because the heal on her E provides her with some sustain for lategame fights and  the mana restoration is needed because you can't halve the mana costs of your spells anymore and spamming a 90 mana spell on 0.5 seconds cooldown requires a ton of mana. They also made the refresh much more reliable which should help a ton.  They also reduced the base damage by 35 and  while increasing the scaling by 0.05 for lvl 5 E (Is 0.4 at lvl 1 scaling to 0.6 at lvl 5 while old cass had a 0.55 scaling) which is a nice lategame buff.  Old cass E would do 465 Damage while the new cass E does 455 damage(545 if you account for the extra ap from her new passive)     Her ult got its cooldown buffed by 10 seconds (110 to 100) or  by 40 seconds if you count the extra cdr from her new passive (100 - 30% = 70 --> 30 seconds + 10 seconds buff = 40 second buff.)       Negative changes:     Her Q got nerfed, she lost 25 base damage and 0.45 scaling (Went from 0.8 to 0.35) just because the increased her speedboost by 5%. Old cass Q would do 635 damage while new cass Q will only do 385 damage (437.5 when you account for the extra ap from the new passive). You will need 1170 ap(including the extra ap from her new passive so 900 without the passive) to do a similar amount of damage, namely 620 damage. They also nerfed the cooldown by increasing it by 1 second (They buffed the cooldown if you account for the 30% cdr from the new passive but its only an 0.2 second buff)     Her W got nerfed pretty hard, they more than halved the base damage (65 + 0.15 per second to 30 + 0.1 per second) just so she could slow for 10% more. Old cass W would do 140 damage per second while new cass W only does 80 damage per second (95 damage per second when you account for the extra ap from the new passive). You need 1105 ap (including the extra ap from her new passive so 850 without the passive) to do the same amount of damage,  140 damage per second. They also nerfed the cooldown by increasing it by 6 seconds (9 to 15) even with the crd from her new passive it still has a cooldown of 10.5 seconds which is a nerf of 1.5 seconds.     Her E got nerfed on her early levels. Now i'm not sure how you optimally play cass but i usually maxs E first so i can trade effectively once i get my q. This usually lets me win early fight against assasins(they kill you once they have acces to their full combo so you need the dominance in those first few levels) or people who underestimate cass her dps. Nerfing her low levels of E means this is now a less reliable tool to secuse your early laning phase.     Her ult lost 100 base damage and 0.1 scaling (from 0.6 to 0.5). Old cass would do 750 damage while new cass only does 600 damage with her ult (675 when you account the extra ap from her new passive). To do the same amount of damage you would need 800 ap (including the extra ap from her new passive so 670 without the passive).       Final thoughts: They gave her an OP looking passive but when looking at the nerfs it only exists to ease the pain because even with 30% extra ap cass is still weaker than the old cass (not saying the heal ain't going to be ridiculously strong on her). Cass her early to mid game (for me atleast) consists on slowly poking down your opponent with your poisons to then finish them with an all in with the dps from her spammable E, they nerfed this by significantly lowering the damage on her Q and W and lowering the damage on her earlygame E. They buffed her lategame somewhat by giving her more ms, a stronger slow and a buffed version of her E but i'm not sure ir this will make up for the damage loss on her Q,W and R. New cass will probably need around 1040 ap (800 without the extra ap from her new passive) to do around the same damage with Q,W and R as old cass would with 500 ap. Her lvl 5 E on the other hand only needs around 450 ap to start doing more damage than old cass her E.   This has been my late night rant about how they are going to butcher poison you down cass and buff fang you to death cass to OPness. Feel free to point out any math, spelling or formatting mistakes. I will try to correct them when i wake up tomorrow.
1	It works for me, but I'm extremely left eye dominant.  I have amblyopia (lazy eye) in my right eye.  I know I'm left eye dominant.  When I close one eye, the hand actually moves significantly when I close my left eye.  It remains exactly as I perceive it when I close my right eye.  If anything changes or appears to change then you have a dominant eye.  If you have less of a dominant eye then the perception of change will also vary quite a bit less.  It is also possible that you are one of the few that do not have a dominant eye.
1	Can you all please stop downvoting people  just  because they don't think this is "the best play ever"???   I mean really, it was nice reaction time, good use of saving your first ability, and all that jazz... but in the end it was hitting two buttons to escape a rather boring gank.   When I think "best play evar!!11!!" I think of something a little more epic than "ah shit, E, flash".
0	Only people without kids have enough time to be "offended" at something like this...   I'm giving you the first number that pops into my head most likely in months because of a recent milestone doctor visit...
0	i had to help with upgrading to windows 7 for a big company with offices scattered around the area.... it was a nightmare. upgrading the older hardware wasn't too bad but scheduling people to pick up their existing work computers, backing up the data, upgrading it then reloading the data took time and many people miss their appointments then get pissed off that their computer isn't upgraded like bob beside them... not to mention the software capability issues, new software bugs, network problems from upgraded sites, new and old mail transfering issues... and this still happened after a year of planning the move from XP to Windows 7.
0	Just FYI. Never insure stuff of which you can afford to replace it yourself (unless you're taking larger risks than the insurance company thinks you are).   For example:  Do  take health insurance. You can't afford many of the expensive treatments.  Do  get a liability insurances for your car and your home.  Do not  get an insurance for your laptop, your iPad, or even your car, unless you  need  these products  and  you cannot afford a new one.   Why not? Because the expected value of an insurance is almost always negative. (How else would insurance companies make money? Out of every 600 people paying 20$ every month, they only expect to pay one person 10000$ each month.) The point of insurance is not 'to save money', because it mathematically doesn't. The point is to avoid risks. It's pointless to pay to avoid risks that one can easily overcome.
1	Write a ticket in to support with a very detailed description of what is going on, and specifically mention you need 'Technical Support'. I know it is a valiant attempt to get an easy fix for this from this subreddit, but writing in a ticket would be best in the long run. Not only so the Rioters can fix your problem, but also so they can become aware of such issues if it is a bigger issue than imagined.
1	On or after an episode of sotl starsorrow said there was a translady in this tournament. They did voice verification (which is shitty because if you aren't on e your voice could easily jot change :( ) So
1	How many wins do you have and how many losses do you have? If you have 100 normal wins and 90 normal losses, you're going to be playing ~1300-1400 level players. Premades can and will screw matchmaking sometimes, but they keep things balanced "statistically." Meaning, if you have someone with 2k normal mmr queued with someone with 500 normal mmr, you will get anything in between that on your team and a close average on the other team.   <-- a screenshot of my postgame 473 wins 117 losses. I generally play against diamond/plat players in norms if I'm playing alone and have a huge queue time. It also is dependent on the queue type you pick, draft will generally have people tryharding more than blind.   Anyway,
0	My thoughts exactly. That's the dilemma at my store, currently. I'm a part-time associate and full time student and recently had a back injury at work. During the incident report, both, my SM and ASM gave me the weirdest one on one recruit meeting where they told me about all the benefits of becoming ASM because school never works out. Anyway, it ended with my manager saying that he doesn't respect those of longevity (seniority) and is actually trying to get rid of them and that I have lots of promise, and if I scratch his back, hell scratch mine.
1	So, if I spend the 3150 on him and don't like him, I lose 3150?   3150 is a mid-point in the price range. I could buy tons of different champions for that, or a whole crap ton of runes, and that's just lost?   The point behind free week rotation is to give players a chance to play champions for FREE to try them out for a week, and therefore learn if they like them enough to go spend the IP on them. What if I trial them and I don't have enough to finish buying them afterwards? Heck why would I trial them for half their price and lose out on half way to a 6300 champ (or another rune page) if I have the IP to just buy them flat out? Every player aims to eventually own every single champion, even if they don't play them all, because you never know when you might want to learn them, and it also helps a lot for trading champions (and making ARAMs hilarious).
1	People in NA are still working on actually being able to work with the blue build. Koreans have made it deadly in the Asian scene, but among the NA scene, it's gaining some popularity with Imaqtpie doing it during the LCS. My point is that it is fairly strong in terms of poke and having some regen sustain.
1	THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RIOT. Like other posters have said, get that keylogger removed NOW. If you don't know how, get a friend that knows how. Worst case scenario is for you to format your computer.
1	Why is it a big deal to people? All teams face problemes like that once in a while and subs are made for these situations , it's not like 4 subs means insta loss , ( last time they had a 1/1 week with 4 subs ) . Also it's Russia and their strictness not Riot or GMB's fault , but people like to blame a certain person and start a circle jerk about it eachtime , they clearly said that they helped them in the  process etc but it asn't enough that means that they couldn't do anything about it .
1	The sell back rate of return went down incredibly. Think of it this way, because a Doran's blade will only be sold later for a better item in that slot, it is temporary stats and therefore you're burning gold for the hopes of snowballing. A doran's 475 gold, but sells for 190. You're burning 285 gold anytime you sell one back. It takes a full kill to break virtually even, and two to make money off of the item.   At two dorans blades you double that requirement. You must now get 4 kills to make up for it, at 3 you need 6. Unless you're snowballing super hard to know that you'll get 6 kills from those dorans then you shouldn't buy 3. And if you are at a point where you can stack 3 and snowball with 6 kills, then why did you not just buy a BT/Bf sword & vamp scep? They have end game potential where as dorans do not. The unique effects they give now for doran's blade/shield aren't worth stacking too much. Vamp scepter gives you 10% vamp which outclasses dorans blade at 50, yes 50 damage. Unless your opponent has like 100 armor at level 6~9 ish then you're losing out on the heal. Yes you gain the HP, but remember in those slots your opponent is building bigger and scarier items.
0	Yeah but as with anything, it's much more complex than that.   It's easy to say that cancer is the result of the body working incorrectly, but in reality it is the unfortunate culmination of many events.  Sure, maybe somebody is genetically wired to run the process of cell death, apoptosis, in an inefficient manner in a specific region of their body.  That incident isolated by itself still probably won't be enough to cause the buildup of cancer cells.  Really, other factors like the environment or what this person consumes or does play just as significant of a role.   So let's say this person's body happens to run faulty apoptosis in their lungs for some odd reason, and they are born in Beijing.  They have a pretty high risk for lung cancer now, much higher than if they were born in Wyoming.  Is their genetics at fault? Should we standby and let natural selection take it's course because they were born into bad circumstance.  Just food for thought.
1	I think the idea was to put a cap on the sustained burst of AP casters, yes, cassio, ziggs, brand, anivia, swain, xerath, ahri, everyone.   I play Kennen mid and pre-nerf i have noticed that certain champions become a bit too strong early on, specifically a ziggs that outharassed me out of lane by missing half his bombs after feeding first blood. And a xerath who took blue at level 1 and effectively outfarmed while harassing me to a complete lane feed and loss. Apart from dodging a spamfest of harass skillshots I could see no other option to stay in the game from that one.   The jungle sigils let junglers keep up their mana and the blue nerf stops ap casters from having constant sustained burst with no downside, in effect making burst damage casters overpowered sustain casters.
1	I think that's what other people are trying to get at... For some people, getting lots of kills is fun. For others, supporting their team and facilitating the destruction of the enemies's nexus is fun. For others, just playing as new champions and seeing what they are capable of is fun. There's a broad spectrum of what people think makes this game "FUN." Obviously, you enjoy the "getting kills" part, but it's very unfair to assume that EVERYONE who does not play support enjoys the "getting kills" part MORE than the "helping your team win" part. You keep saying "a small minority plays support," but I guarantee you that not ALL carries, junglers, and bruisers value their own kill number higher than whether or not their team wins... just like I guarantee that there is a contingency of support-players who actually enjoy killing more than winning. :)
1	I live in Belgium, speak French and have had my fair share of French culture, but I don't think it's a difference in culture that makes us (non-French people) think he's arrogant, unless you can prove every single French person agrees with you. While I can admit that I'd say the French do tend to be more blunt in the things they say, sOAZ is being arrogant in the fact that he's saying that he is the best at adapting to the meta. Whether or not that may be true, that is the epitome of arrogance, publicly stating that "I am the best", especially at the moment when he isn't backing that up with evidence, as Fnatic are doing quite poorly. While you personally don't see that as arrogant, it can AT LEAST be perceived as cocky. SOAZ doesn't appear to be humble in any way whatsoever, and his constant bitching after he loses or is proved wrong is getting on the community's nerves.   EDIT: Also, Tweets like this "woah woah woah, first person that is not flaming me. great success !" just make sOAZ come across as a massive child, I doubt you can disagree with me on that one ;)
0	Obama came up, of course, while I was visiting my father for Christmas. I said "at least he has lowered the gas prices" in a half jokingly way. Both my dad and stepmother snap their necks towards me and explain how it's actually a bad thing. "Gas prices that low are not good for the economy." I daringly, retorted "so what is a good gas price? What would you be happy with?" I think at that point something clicked in my stepmoms head but she is one to stick to her guns so she said "ohh idk, between $2-$3. I guess"
1	Has the most issues of any multiplayer online game I've ever played.*   Edit: Did you just compare a game from 1991 to League? You realize they couldn't balance or fix bugs in that game after release... same with skyrim.
1	You're paired up against similar skilled players in your placements based on your normal win/loss record (Matchmaking Ratio or "MMR"). So if you're usually playing against ~Bronze in normal, you'll play against ~Bronze in your placements. If you usually play against ~Gold in normals, you'll play against ~Gold in your placements.   So if you only win 3/10 against a bunch of Silver to Gold players, you may still be placed higher than someone who won 6/10 against Bronze to Silver players.   Other factors like duo queue'ing also affect this, as duo queues get matched against slightly harder opponents.
0	I haven't necessarily seen anyone on reddit defend being fat by saying that it's actually healthy, but at least on Tumblr there's a ridiculous amount that claim that. I'm not saying there's  a lot , because there isn't, but it's way more common than you'd hope for, simply cause you hope that there couldn't possibly be so many people believeing something like that.   Say for instance, Tess I believe is the name? Tess monster?.. Anyways, she's severely obese and posts  all  the time about working out and she's got some cult following around her defending her to the death and saying how she's  way  healthier than the regular person who works out. While keeping in mind that she's not losing any weight at all and is  clearly  putting out a persona that she  wants  other people to see her as. If she was really going all out and working out as much as she says or eating as healty as she claims, she'd be shedding a pretty decent amount of weight. But they support that people are, get this,  born  to be fat, and no matter what they do (cause they always say they've given 100% in anything they've tried) they'll never be skinny, and that they're just equally as healthy as anyone who's skinny (at a heaalthy weight). Which, okay, they could totally not have a  specific  problem at the moment, like diabetes or something related. But that doesn't mean you're "healthy", it's just "I'm not sick." Meanwhile all the extra weight and the intrusive fat around organs and such is just slowly eroding them down and it's only a mater of time before they're wearing knee braces to walk or whatever.   There's all that, then there's people  really  into it. I don't know if you've seen it or not, I'm just guessing you haven't. But there's some that believe being obese is perfectly healthy. So much so that they move on from behind their computer screens and actually go on television to try to convince others. While completely ignoring and  disputing  the doctors or physical therapists or trainers, just all these  professionals  that actually are telling her the truth. (I say "her" cause the majority of the time it is women. I think the major majority of guys get it's unhealthy. But I personally believe this has to do with the fact that society pushes women to look their best at all times. And these women get that the overwhelming majority of people don't find fat attractive, and it could be any of dozens and dozens of excuses as to why they don't just get skinny, whether it's laziness or whatnot, and they'd rather push on society in turn to accept fat as attractive. Which then leads to them having to support that by saying being fat is healthy too, cause you're way less likely to have someone approach you and find you attractive if you can literally see their sickness.)   Basically
0	Since nobody's replied to you: the difference is that OP is intentionally opening up the possibilty for an accident to happen. If there was an emergency and OP had to brake, the result would doubtless of been the same. But surely you see how these are not the same?   I have no problem with OP trying to get the driver's attention, but doing it in a way that might hurt someone or cause accidents is just ridiculous. Car's come with lights, (highbeam flashes, hazard lights), and a horn. OP could of used these, or his own hands (change lanes) to signal the driver. OP could of called the police and alerted them about this dangerous driver.   But instead OP made a situation where an accident could likely happen. Then holds up his hands and acts like it was justified just because the other driver was being reckless.
1	I like the points you made, but I feel like a lot of it is subjective. To me, the reminder of "its just a game" isn't a devaluing phrase to the game but more as a reminder that i shouldn't let setbacks get to me to a certain level. It's basically a reminder that when I'm done with a game, nothing has really changed because of the outcome. Winning or losing may make me feel good or bad, but it doesn't affect me in the long run.   There's a difference in how you say and hear "it's just a game" such as when you hear it from a parent telling you to get off, it devalues the game, laying it off as something that shouldn't be important. That is entirely different if a friend is saying it when you're angry, where instead of devaluing the game, he is trying to cool you off to remind you that getting mad wont help anything, and that a week after the game, you won't even remember it.
1	What?  Typing while trying to play sucks.  I don't type to my teammates anymore no matter what because I've died way too many times from trying to communicate and move my character at the same time.   Until there is in-client voice communication, I will never chat in game any more and communicate via ping only.  I think RIOT realizes typing while playing is absurd so they implemented the ping system.
1	Master of one role, proficient with the rest. If you never play the other roles, you don't know what is expected of them and therefore can't be the best at your main role.
0	No. No it isn't.   This meme is about the generation of kids who think that being a nerd is "cool". They want to "fit in" with geek culture, but they actually aren't geeks at all.   This meme is the technology equivalent of "Musically Oblivious 8th Grader". That one also has a picture of a girl. But it's about kids who want to seem mature and pretend to be worldly with broad musical taste, but say things that obviously betray their lack of experience.
1	Victim blaming is only relevant in the real world   And like magic, nine words into your post you established that you're a complete idiot. Bravo.   Victim blaming is relevant in  any situation where you are blaming the victim for being attacked.  The context does not matter. The type of attack does not matter. The medium does not matter. You are claiming that it's somebody's own fault when someone else snaps at them, which is not only painfully wrong but really says a lot about your character.   Nobody is forcing you to use chat if you can't control your mouth and/or what you type. Nobody is forcing  you to play. Better yet? Improve as a person.   And just in case all that was too hard to understand,
0	In High School I used to conceal vodka in water bottles, because it looked less conspicuous to carry around. So the morning after a party I had woke up and saw a water bottle and because I was hungover and thirsty I took a large gulp of the vodka water bottle.
1	Those wait times are common for every sport ever arent they though?   As in, when an nfl game ends a little bit early due to, the patriots playing four quarters of hurry-up offense, they aren't gonna start the next sunday night game, they play highlights or ads until the scheduled time arrives. Same for if the game goes into triple overtime, they just have to cut into the next games coverage, because thats just how schedules work.   I might be off-base here but if any other sports organization in the world (of which we all want e-sports to recognized as a part of that community) if they advertise seperate times for each game, well that's when the games start, because thats when people tune in. No one in the sports world is worried about dead space, or filler time, because sticking to a schedule is the only reliably efficient way to run a sports broadcast.
1	This should summerize why madreds is not suited for Warwicks 'kit'   WW specalizes in being tanky, and still having that flat % of targets max HP on his Q. If you get a wits end, that gives you the AS you need and extra 42 magic damage per hit, and the AS benefiting your passive hitting more as well.   Frozen heart gives amazing armor, AS debuff for the enemy AD, and 20% CDR. Cooldown reduction is important for him because his ult is what defines him as a champ. Have that up 20% sooner, and you just became 20% more useful. That CDR also allows more Q spam on the enemy, which again is flat % of targets HP, which more then makes up for damage given by madreds. And the AS debuff goes along perfectly for what WW's main job is in a team fight. Taking care of the enemy AD carry (but sometimes AP carry if they are more of a threat and not super tanky). Building WW tanky allows him to dive past all 4 enemy team mates, and get right onto that AD carry (using ignite while your ult is going off) and Q'ing them right after. By this point they should be very injured, and forced to back off, or die from a few more hits from you, or likely your teammates finishing them off (Everytime I dive, I never get the kill, someone else always finishes it QQ)   Madreds is % of max hp per hit, but when your job is to ult their squishy carry, they don't have the max HP to make it worth it.   Want to finish off your CDR to 40%? Assuming you have the CDR/lvl from defensive mastery tree, you just get a spirit visage, which is more MR thus more tankyness, and that 10% CDR (I lied, FH+spirit+mastery is 38.1% but shh it's close enough)   When you look at frozen mallet it's not ideal for his job, because ulting a carry in a team fight,if the carry does live and runs, you don't chase because you already pushed them out of the fight, and you're better off turning back to the other 4 people whom your team should be fighting (if they went in after you ulted like they should be doing) and tada the carry even if they escape is neutralized in the fight. If they come back... then they are stupid because you Q them and laugh.   Why ignite over exhaust? Because for the same reason as frozen mallet, slowing the enemy isn't something WW needs as much as other champs do. His increased movement speed from E in most cases allows you to chase when needed. Plus with that nifty CDR you have, your ult is on very short cooldown, it is likely up and you don't even need to catch up to melee range on your target. But if you do need to, you can just have to run a little bit more and make sure you're not getting baited to death. I may have said this already but ignite is awesome because you can use it while you're ulting a target. Plus if going against another champ like vlad, or sion, you can make sure that your sustain beats theirs if it's a duel to the finish. (My favorite match up for WW in top lane is to fight vlads, always a good laugh) (Exhaust maybe if you have to lane top vs Kennen which is a nasty lane to deal with as is, and Exhausting them when he ults allowing you to flash/run away helps.)   Sorry for the long post, I ment it to be short, but I LOVE warwick, and using this kind of setup just makes it so much fun when you can tank people like a boss if you get early tanky items. Sometimes frozen heart before wits end is a good idea. I did it to a trynd yesterday and was laughing at the fact his hits didn't move my HP bar. So I just wanted to spread the warwick love.   P.S. The guardian angle is also an amazing item on him, but generally not build early on, if you get to late game it's awesome seeing as you have to dive into a pile of 5 enemys to get to their carry. There is a good chance you could die after completing your job as the rest of your team is beating down the enemy and laughing at the fact they focused WW when they came to back him up.   P.P.S >I've never been a huge fan of spirit visage   Your quote from another comment. I cry. Because I used to think it was not worth it, but for the price of it, the extra MR tankyness, the increased sustain on your Q + passive hits does really add up. And that CDR is exactly what you need to finish your CDR items to bring you up to the previously mentioned 38.1%
1	He has more potential on TSM because he would be laning with a better adc.
1	if you weren't suppossed to drive at 150mph on the street the cars should't have the option".   is a stupid argument, features exist and so do rules to regulate them.   you have chat, but if you use the chat to annoy people you get banned. you have emotes, but if you use emotes to annoyt people you get banned.
0	I can't believe I am sitting here defending Walmart, but here I am:   Walmart employs  1.4 million people  in the US.  1.4 million . If they were to raise their wages, they would undoubtedly look to decrease their number of workers to lower wage costs.   Costco employs 127,000. And please, the average wage of a Walmart employee is $11.75 an hour ( The issue where Walmart is in the wrong is that they mostly employ people at part or half time.   The recommendations from that article I agree with.
0	Disclaimer: (I am no biologist, just trying to remember stuff from school)   We have the same cells in our eyes (cones/ rods) and I believe they regenerate so we might see slight variations of color, just like we have different tolerances to touch but cold is still cold, hot is still hot.   Why don'ts you ask if a surface is rough how do you know i am not feeling it as soft?  Because it is course and grainy.  You might perceive rougher or softer than me but we both perceive it as rough.   This is just scientifically, but like a lot of people are saying it is totally subjective and it is a very popular paradox in philosophy.
1	Take a moment and think where all this leads, there are more then a few comments out there that are PURE threats. We see them and delete them, while you guys hopefully sees less of them.   However this whole story has lead to some crazy shit just because we stand by our rule, does this mean we should change the rule, no, to me this just shows exactly WHY we have this rule, there has been death-threats aimed towards us in mod-mail and there are pitchforked raised out here in the community.   >The problem with above example is that the bully is /was vastly unknown and anonymous' named someone (assuming, with some evidence) in part of legal proceedings /news of the case. What we have here, is essentially the bully in broad daylight   The problem is the fact that even if the "bully" is known, people still tend to take rash decisions and I wouldn't think that one person alone is responsible for this mess, and even if there are evidence, we wont support the internet rage to spew up and end up in death-threats.   We have many reasonable members that can discuss and debate but there are always others lurking in the shadows. For YOU it might be a huge step to take from being angry to actually threaten people and then to actually DO something, for others the steps might not be that big. After all we are all humans and we act and behave diffrently.   >It is witch hunting to say "hey, these guys are assholes, let find where they live and burn his house down" which is totally out of context of "hey guys, own3d have been screwing me over, please dont fall to the same mistakes i made"   I agree on you there to some extent, you see, the comments escalated quite quickly and the main reason that the original thread got taken down wasn't based on the witch hunt part, it was based on personal information. Then when that was deleted it went totally mayhem, witch hunts for own3d and for us mods started to appear and the pitchforks turned to us.   Another thread to keep in mind when all this comes up:
1	well written post.. should consider submitting on the RoG site.
1	He isn't arguing a net increase in ELO. He is arguing that the elo of the 50 percentile player is lowered as a result of the good players playing more games.   Hopefully this example will help. You have four 1200 players, one of which just realized that wards are his best friend.  This player one plays and beats each of the other three in three separate matches.  The other three each only played one game because they lost and didn't feel like playing ranked again. If the ELO change was say +-10 each game you end up with:     Player 1: 1230     Player 2: 1190     Player 3: 1190     Player 4: 1190       Most players are below the starting value, even though the net ELO is still 1200.
1	It's down to two well known biases, self-serving bias and confirmation bias.  We want to attribute our successes to actions on our part and our failures to others and things outside of our control, this is a self serving bias, in which we try to make ourselves look as good as possible. If we are failing in game "ELO hell" in a nice vacation spot from the thoughts that it might actually be that we aren't any better.   After we make this assumption that we are losing our lol games because we are in ELO hell and and the ones we win are because of our own gameplay we look for evidence to prove this fact (confirmation bias) so every time we see someone with a suboptimal build or doing poorly in lane we will immediately attribute our loss to that fact, thus confirming in our own heads that the loss wasn't out fault whereas ones own gameplay is never really 'optimal' especially in a game like league there is always a ton of things you could have done better.   At any ELO there are good and bad players, feeders, trolls and afkers, this is why you hear the estimation of ELO hell to be anything from 1000 to 1600. Many players have deliberately dropped their ELO's to 800's and carried their way back to 1900 to prove there's no ELO hell, this is also true of pro's smurf accounts.   I know it's been said a million times before but there are 4 random spots on your team and 5 on the enemy team. You are therefore 20% less likely to get a troll and if you can't influence the game to get a win rate greater than 50% over a large number of games (exponentially decreasing the chance that you get troll every game and the enemy team never does/random chance with each new game) then that is the ELO you deserve to be at, hate to break it to you.   Edit in response to other posts:   If you claim that your ELO does not reflect your amazing K/D ratio etc. (that you got by being more careful than your teammates or whatever): the opponents have people like you too, except they go to other lanes and gank them, get fed off the bad players on your team, help their laners get fed and carry the game, you can do the same but if you stay in your own lane protecting your precious K/D then you'll have a good score, yeah... but you'll also lose the game, because the opponent is taking advantage of your bad players and you aren't doing the same for his. Again, you are the deciding 1/5 constant that the enemy does not have. If you cannot swing a win for your team in more than 50% of cases, then you deserve to be at that ELO.
0	Peace of mind", that's how you justify ruining the lives of people who've been falsely accused?   While I've never been raped so I can't say what it feels like, I'd NEVER condone imprisoning innocent people. I'm very naive, I want to believe there's more good in the world than evil and enjoy helping people, but at what point does it become okay to think "oh well, I'd rather ruin a few peoples lives than risk an additional 0.001% of meeting another rapist"   My partner on the other hand was raped when she was 16, and felt morally obliged to do something about it because she knew if she didn't, and he raped someone else, it would partly be her fault for letting them get away with it.   Take the recent Jimmy Savile case, while he probably did sexually abuse most of them, nobody came forward at the time and he kept doing it, but as soon as he was dead and buried everyone started coming out saying "he abused me x years ago" but by then it's too late, they aren't protecting anyone else from him, they're essentially just getting it off their chest.
1	Its making me sick to see Thorin and Monte with no respect for Regi, when he's done so much more for the community than they ever will. And its even more sickening to see the community taking their side over Regi's.   Regi has been involved in the LoL proscene since day 1. He created probably the most loved NA team. Thorin - I don't know what he does. He makes long shitty interviews which no one watches because they're way too long and boring. And Monte is a guy who commentates on a game he doesn't even play, and skypes with CLG every now and then, taking credit for their victories.
1	Lol, here it comes, they guy who bought elo now he wants to defend that pathetic action.   Anyway, in the terms of use it clearly states you CAN'T play on an account you don't own. So there you go, it's against the terms of use.   And if we get a bit strict, in the summoner's code it says to have fun but not at others expenses. the 2k elo dudes are ruining the game for the low elo, that breaks that part. the pathetic guy who bought the elo boost then goes and ruins the game for his teammates when he feeds every game since he can't handle w.e elo he bought, so there you go he is having fun at the expense of his teammates.   So
1	Second this man's comment. Warding the side brush is one of the most important things to do against a team with a skillshot CC chain (leona, blitz), or a high punishing combo (garen/nunu). Basically the gist is you put the ward in the sidebrush and harrass them to a less threatening position.   It is very important that you coordinate with your support. Splitting off from them (say, they run back to tower and you go into river) is risking ambush from their jungler, or just to get chased down by Nunu with bloodboil.   Once the side brush is warded, most supports actually have mechanisms to deal with this lane:   Soraka : heal mitigates garen spin, silence right before garen spins.   Alistar : peeling, CCing both, sustain   Sona : Sona I can see having some problems. Maybe E powerchord might help with the slow, but I could definitely see issues with Sona pre-6.   Taric : Stun to counter their combo, W to mitigate damage   Janna : CC to stop their combo, shield mitigation.   Blitz : if playing conservatively, Blitz can counterinitiate by hooking one into tower, especially as they are both melee.   The first step in all of these strategies, however, is absolutely to stop them from engaging whenever you can with a ward in the brush, a ward up river or tribrush to prevent jungler ganks, and then you can hug the area of the lane away from their brush. Your range advantage should prove useful, and you should be able to last hit decently well, or at least at tower.   Keep in mind that autoattacking the first wave is probably the worst thing you can do, as pushing your lane out allows them to gain much more space with their brush control. Try to manage your lane creeps near your tower if you can so you can last hit freely.   Since Nunu's initiate isn't a hard CC, most carries have an escape mechanism against their engage as well:   Trist  W/R   Cait  W/E   Corki  W   Ez  E   Kog  E, though this is admittedly weak.   Vayne  E/Q/R + Q.   Graves  Smoke + QuickDraw (don't know hotkeys)   This isn't something that should be used except once a minute. If you're having to W away every time you go in for a last hit, wait for the creeps to push out or re-ward the brush and harass them.   As the AD, you can also adjust your starting items: cloth + 5 will make you near impossible to push out of lane with a sustainy support, or Doran's blade stacking if you're concerned about them full to 0ing you.
1	Lots of people seem to prefer just reading 2-3 words as it is easier to digest nowadays, figured I'd make it easy.
0	Slavery was the most obvious example of the whole "states rights vs federal rights" issue. Southern states wanted slavery to continue. Some of the northern states did not (opinions ranged from no more expansion to complete abolition). As someone else pointed out, the entire history of the United States up to that point had been ruled by the 10th amendment (powers not explicitly listed go to the STATES).   The political movement in the preceding decades had been towards centralization, which southern states did not like, because life in the south was significantly different than the north, and they were afraid that the more populated regions would be dictating policies that affected them.   The election of Abraham Lincoln (who, by the way, said he didn't want to abolish slavery, so, there's that) was kind of the final straw with the states vs federal government thing, so South Carolina seceded. The war was about reuniting the country because, like it or not, they needed each other. The majority of the people in the north were just as racist as southerns (despite modern portrayals that show northerns treating black people as equals. lolololololol), and didn't have any sort of interest in slavery one way or another.
0	Alright.... well since almost every media outlet in the US is owned by a corporation (FOX News, MSNBC, CNN, TIME magazine, the list goes on) they are subject to that corporation's rules and policies it puts in place. The relationship between large businesses, the US government, and both political parties is very well known and this results in some interesting "coincidences." The US government and individual politicians essentially give these corporations exclusivity rights for interviews, etc. with them. This allows these media outlets to generate profit. In a corporation, profit must always be maintained as well as maximized. By agreeing to these exclusive agreements, the media outlets also agree to report only on certain topics and frame them in certain ways. If they do not do what the politician says, no more exclusive interviews. Additionally, the corporations often receive tax breaks from the US government in order to not report on certain topics. For example, how many people do you know heard of anything about Edward Snowden's most recent leak he released? If you are not actively looking for it, the media is not going to hand you that information because it is not on the "safe" list.
1	i actually just started doing this. just today actually, i tried starting at wolves. had an ahri try to convince me to get blue first. said it was better xp. i said we could get wolves, then i could give her first blue (i was riven). she just said nvm, she just wanted to help me with the blue...... wat?   it would take no more time, just a little extra effort (not much), AND i would just give her blue. meh, whatever.
1	Well this is my reasons for doing it.     If you do wolves before blue, right after blue you can either go into the enemy jungle to invade or if you're someone like Alistar, go for a gank mid. If I do it your way, I have to walk to wolves, kill and walk back after blue to do the above.     If you do the Wolves > Blue > Wraiths > Wolves > Red path ( alot of people do, really fast and efficient clear) that's gonna mess up if you do wolves after blue they ain't gonna be up after wraiths.
0	As an ex military member i find this kinda insulting. There are good marriages in the army. My father has been in the Canadian forces 32 years and happily married to my mother for 25 of those. Hes done eight tours over seas and he's been nothing but a good dad. I was in for three years myself. It isn't so much stressful as just actually working at it. Military wives can be pretty nasty too. Shilo (the base I worked on) use to have a nasty tradition of military wives puting tide boxes in the window letting other soldiers know their husband was gone and she was DTF.
1	I'm D1 and I ban Draven in every game unless I have a teammate who wants him.  His damage in early trades is still huge, and he snowballs so hard if he manages to get an early kill.   [
1	We don't need more items because  EVERYONE WILL ALWAYS GRAVITATE TOWARDS COOKIE CUTTER BUILDS   In CS 1.6, everyone buys only the same 3-4 items. Was the compact no good? Surely the bullpup has its strengths? Out of like 30ish weapons, people only used starting pistol/deagle/mp5/m4/ak/awp .   In WoW, cookie cutter PVP/PVE talent builds that are determined by math-geeks become the norm for everyone. Same with arena comps. Is it always the best? No.   Even in LoL, there was a time when everyone ran ghost/exhaust. Triple dorans into deathcap. Everyone rush cleaver, gp items into trinity, the list goes on and on.   Were there options for more variety? hell yeah. Are those options inferior? Not really. However, why would most people derail from what is generally agreed as the most solid path for the sake of uniqueness? Even if the perceived advantage is miniscule, people tend to stay with what is generally accepted as the best. With that being said, one may stand to argue that the "standard build paths" aren't even the optimal cookie cutter builds to begin with. The GP10 rush, aegis rush, mikael rush, no pot all ward/pots start were all existing options before it became popular. Most people simply aren't revolutionaries which is why we have r/lol.
1	It allowed you to select 10v10, but no one would ever load in- The max we managed was 6v6.   Here is the first game experimented with this:   Carbonitex was the one who first found the exploit, and later started releasing it for everyone a few weeks later. My group just looked into how he did it and realized everything setting up the custom game was from your local side. We were the only ones hosting the 6v6 TT before the public release. Riot then changed it to be server sided once Carbonitex was doing weekly releases on his client.   The problem for Riot was server load. Especially before when we kept trying numbers over 6+, custom games would break and not just the one you were in. You'd experience server lag, etc.
0	Fuck those toilets seriously. Anytime I use them if I lean to far forward because I'm trying to wrestle out a massive shit, the toilet promptly flushes and subsequently acts as a bidet as my brown eye is splashed with shiss (shit and piss) water. Anytime I use them I usually put a piece of toilet paper over the sensor before I sit down.
0	No.  Not a troll.  Neither am I a teacher.  I am a father of a first grader, and an engineer.  I think I had a fairly level-headed post that included fact, a real scenario, and the demonstrated reason behind the explanation.  It's not something I made up.  It is just something that you (for the sake of an argument that is nonexistent) don't want to accept. You started off with an assumption, delivered an anecdote, and closed with hope.  I should end there...but I will give the benefit of the doubt:   Algebraic properties are now being taught to children at that early of an age (I know this for FACT) with the intent of helping them understand and apply algebra and calculus when they are older.  Our generation and prior generations were not given the proper tools to understand these concepts when the time came.  Therefore, many people gave up or dropped out of math.  This is a fact.  Very few people enjoy math or continue on at college level unless it is required.  This is a known National education problem.   Sure.  doing this problem with multiplication is definitely a way to do it...but it is a short term solution to a long-term problem.  Doing multiplication bypasses the intent of process and understanding the principle of which multiplication derives from.  The goal is not to utilize the derivative...the goal is to utilize the principle in itself.   If the teacher prefaced the assignment with "Write your math sentences to complete these problems", which I am 95% confident that happened because my daughter brings home the same kind of assignments (That include multiple sentences for each problem), then "5x5=5" would in fact be wrong...It demonstrated the answer, but did not show what was really happening, which is what the teacher wanted.  THE TEACHER WAS NOT TESTING 1ST GRADERS ON THEIR TIMES TABLES.  THEY WERE TESTING THEM ON A PRINCIPLE which was bypassed.   ...It would be the same as answering the math question I posed above (20 oranges and 4 apples)  without showing the equation or the work.   2(6X)+1(8X) + 2(2Y)=20X+4Y is the correct answer when an algebra teacher asks for it or "Math sentence" when a first grade teacher asks for it.  I don't think this should be news to anybody with a highschool math education...and I don't know how that could make me a troll?  This sort of logic is being started at an early age so that children in the USA are no longer caught with their pants down when the time comes, as we have in the past.
1	Even though I strongly dislike this, I like this. I used to main champs like Zac / Naut / J4 myself uintill they got nerfed, and I've simply fallen off a lot as a jungler in the new meta. I've always played Lee, but 1 decent jungler is not a good enough champion pool to be a great jungler (I have tried, and do every now and then play the other top tier junglers, and often win, but I just do not enjoy them as much). Anyways, I like the way they constantly change the game, regardless if it's buffs / nerfs. When my previous mains got nerfed, I had to alter into a new playstyle, which did not benefit me that much, but I still enjoyed it, it still made the game differ and not be as boring. As they nerf theese top tier junglers, other junglers will get to shine, and might get buffed. If  someone like Skarner will become strong and be a legit pick, a lot of the current meta will change, you wount have the high damage game changing jungler anymore, but again the supportive high CC jungler, which will be dependant on more damage in lanes, and will alow such things as squishy top laners (for example).
1	No one is obligated to follow the meta. Problem is solved if people think about this. The only problem that'd make players flame is that the first/second or whatever pick the champion the last or 4th pick wants. Taking a role shouldn't make anyone angry. If first pick takes top champion I can also take a top champion and no one can stop me from doing so. Nowadays people think that lacking on a role in the team composition will end the game with a loss. Last night I played a ranked with a friend of mine. He was last pick and he said he's going tank. Second and 3rd pick just said: "tank is not a role noob, and i'm top". I told them that tank IS a role and top is a lane. Their reaction? " omfg how do you have more elo than me (being first pick) and be such a noob". Since this thing happened, i realised that elo hell exists and the first ten matches are elo lottery.
0	All I hear is whining about how you got proven wrong at every front.   I think you don't want to argue with people because you are afraid to be proven wrong, you are afraid to grow, and you are afraid to change. You control how these arguments go for you just as much as others and me do.   So don't get all uppity about your entitlement complex. If you assert a position on the internet, don't get pissy when people tell you its fucking retarded. Even more important is to not just cop out when you are getting shut the fuck down at every comment.
0	You are assuming that you can only rescue older dogs. Many humane societies often have litters of puppies that need rescuing too. I rescued mine at 8 weeks old, and there were 3 other litters available at the same age and time.   I agree that it's unfair to expect someone to clean up another's mess, but you can get a great puppy that is cheaper and less likely to have health defects. And, as long as you don't want a rare breed, you can often get one that is the breed you are most interested in. Admittedly, without the pedigree, but if you are training from 8 weeks, that's not much of a hurdle.
0	Actually, I have a theory that the only reason they were perceived as beautiful was because only the rich could write and keep artwork around. Considering rich families were well fed, the wives would often be fat. And so today we believe old Europe held fat women as beautiful, when only a small % was actually making these records, and they themselves were fat.
1	Uhh... That's actually incorrect. Luck has an INCREDIBLY small effect on your MMR, seeing as how it can take over 100 games to climb a single tier (not silver-> gold, but silver 2 -> Silver 1) if you truly belong in that division/tier.   When you FIRST get to a new division (that you have rightfully earned and not been boosted/ect.) then yes, your win-rate should be roughly 50% since you're playing against people just as skilled as you are; but the more you play against those players, the more comfortable you get playing at that skill-level. Eventually, after enough practice, the quality of the players in the tier you are in will be below what you have achieved from your hard-work. You will carry more games and therefore get placed in a higher tier, and the process starts over and over again.   Even if you were supposed to be in bronze elo, if you (somehow) always played against low-gold players, after enough games you would learn what it takes to be a gold player.   Obviously the ELO system prevents this sort of thing because a mid-gold player will dominate a low-bronze player and reduce their MMR down to where it should be, but I'm just trying to show that luck has almost nothing what-so-ever with the tier/division you're in.   People have said it a billion times, and I'll say it again. If you're in bronze, your skill level is bronze. I've never once seen a platinum-ranked smurf get stuck in "elo hell" in low-silver ELO because they're better players.
1	So I've mained AD my whole LoL career, and if I've learned one thing, it's how to team fight as an ad carry. I used to try to dive for the squishier carries to get rid of their damage. That worked sometimes, but a lot of the time I would just get bursted down by their tanks and carries at the same time, so I changed my play style. I figured I would evaluate the people that were diving for me and think about how much "damage" they could do to me. When you're getting dived by champs like shyvana, you need to just maximize your damage and kite her until she is dead or is running away (never chase after a low hp tank while there are other higher priority targets). But champs like amumu who have no real threat after they engage (amumu ult is pretty much all he does in team fights), you can basically ignore. Yes he does some damage, but in all honesty, you should be able to just go for a higher priority target while your support/tanks keep them off of you.
1	Health is good but he needs constant gold, you can't all in with him until you get 1-2 items, making him a pretty poor choice in lane. His abilities do cost health which is his main drawback. A mundo who can't farm is paper. He's a much better support jungler with his Infected Cleaver slow ganks. If you could survive lane phase even just cutting even it'd be all right. You'd have a bit more gold than you would from the jungle, meaning you get your items faster.
1	The thing is, if you want to be a top team you're going to have to practice other strategies and types of play. It's true in any sport, you can't just practice one play in basketball and expect it to work every time because you're really good at it. Once teams realize what you're doing they're going to play to your weaknesses and you have to be ready to adjust to that. If you can't then it's entirely on you for A) not having been ready, or B) not being good enough to make adjustments on the fly.   TSM is a team that is filled with a lot of individual skill, once they start winning lanes it's not hard for them to close out a game. Their problem is, that even with all of that skill they don't play as a team.   I've always thought something was a little off about them but I never really noticed until MSI, but watching their games was brutal. They never really grouped or had any relevant team presence, hell they barely even got to leave lanes. A lot of it just has to do with the caliber of the teams they faced, they just kept that constant pressure up, but as TSM fell behind it was clear they just had no idea what to do. They're not used to having to come back or playing with a handicap (like 6 fucking top lane bans, seriously?) Which is fine, I guess they don't need to learn certain things to be the best in a region like NA where there's really only a couple team that can compare skill wise. The world's a big place though and a lot of teams and countries clearly take this shit seriously, if you think you're going to get away with the same strategy every single time vs the world's best you are out of your mind.
0	Oh dude. I feel you completely. I'm in this conflict with work right now where they want me to be a kitchen manager, so they have a list of tasks for me to accomplish (for the record, the things they want me to do are not my responsibility), but they keep scheduling me to work in the kitchen where I have to stay there and work the whole time, giving me no time during my shift to do what's on the list. And then they tell me I have to leave right when my shift ends so their labor doesn't get messed up.   Essentially, what they're saying without saying it (because saying it would be illegal) is that they want me to work off the clock to get these things done.   Incredibly frustrating.
0	Education is one thing that has on confirmed that this is true. Sure, our two party system has representatives that have views and agendas to help our fellow Americas however the party does not. Our two parties are agenda driven on the basis of staying relevant and alive, not doing what is necessarily correct and objective. If you can see that, then you need to become educated.   Look at election history and the insane flip flop of D and R within congress (state and federal) as well as presidential elections. You will see a significant polarity for a couple years then a massive switch to the other party for a couple years.   Today, our two party system is not here for the middle and lower class, does not represent the majority of Americans, and certainly votes for the party not for the district or people. So, how can you sit there and are that our republic is such that is the embodiment of democracy when it is far from that.   So you might be saying, well that's the party, not the individual. NOPE! Nominations, support of the party, and personal wealth is really the only way to become elected. Don't think so, look at the Green Party and the libertarian party. Look into how the media miss represents persons that do not agree with the D and R perspectives. Ron Paul was literally blacked out and robbed of a primary win because of this.
1	Once i did a game with a friend and he checks a pantheon player on lolking, that player had 200+ games played with only pantheon and he owned us.   Now aside from that yes Athene plays 2 champs but he said in his vid that he "can" play multiple champs that, that isn't the problem.   And here i want a reply from you guys: I don't understand why you guys complain that he plays two champs?   Multiple "pro" players and "famous" streamers play one or two champs alot. Like Dyrus with his Zed/Yorick testing or TRM with his kassadin plays.   It's just the same but a different situation.   The difference is you guys just hate Athene that's all.
0	I once had a really bad trip on LSD that ended up occuring in the woods. I was meandering around after somewhat coming back to reality trying to figure out what I'm going to do when I noticed a fawn curled up under a little tree. I don't know what it was about this fawn but I could feel it staring through me with it's big black eyes. I wasn't even sure it was real as it was the only living thing I had come across since I got into the woods and well acid. I didn't bother it or anything but I knew it's mother would be back soon and the acid had begun pulling me into another direction so I left it alone.
1	Irelia is the games #2 top laner, only being bested by Jayce (who is really an equal lane with Irelia, but Jayce crushes most lanes as opposed to Irelia controlling them)   She has 0 bad lanes, and when played properly can be plenty aggressive level 7+   But the thing to mastering her is in using the correct item build, depending on the matchup, your team comp, enemy team comp, and the way your lane is going- it calls for different builds.   For example, Brutalizer on Irelia is a really strong rush buy if you really want to pound into the enemy laner- with Brutalizer her ult actually hurts rather than just being a tiny boost- Although this is a rare buy, but useful since Irelia uses Youmuu's quite well so it doesn't have to just sit there.   Doran's blades can be worth investing in, just really simple- give you better trading power, more lifesteal (with innate w its like you have a vamp scepter with 2 dblades) In general, Phage is the core component of Triforce you want, and you won't always build Triforce.   Irelia's core is Phage and Wit's End, then you either turn the phage into a Triforce or Mallet- then build a GA.   As far as GP5, I would recommend against it, although in some lanes it might be a good idea.   The other item I would mention is wriggles. When playing against Yorick or Jayce, it can be a worthwhile investment as it really lets you deal with their harass. Against other heroes you don't really need much more sustain than W, R, and pots as when you trade against most other heroes they'll come out plenty hurt as well by the time you're finishing wriggles.
0	Yeah, when I was little, I loved going to the store because of the music and people, but I liked to be annoying and put stuff in the cart from the shelves when she wasn't looking; mainly candy in bright wrappers. I was super small and still sitting in the cart, but I managed. She ended up leaving me at the daycare until after she had done her shopping and then pick me up. I was so sad about no going to the store, so she let me try again and I was much better behaved. I think I slipped up once or twice more and she would keep me away from the store for a few months each time. Now I'm a terrific shopper and only buy candy.
0	This is how I see things: one political party will say something. The other will laugh it off and gain influence and power. Eventually, the public and the media will get bored with their policies and ideals. Then, something pertaining to the other party happens, the public gets riled up and cuddles with the other side until the whole process starts over.   If we had an informed public and a responsible news media, the cycle could be put to an end and we could get back on track (that is if our own government doesn't try to stop the reform. Which they probably would). But, instead, we're fighting over things that should have been solved decades ago. We're going to be killing ourselves deciding if it's okay to let a couple of dudes smoke pot and get married when another super power sweeps in and decks us in the face.
1	I would have voted ban on him as well. Irregardless of what was said to him in any situation, it doesn't give him the right to troll or counter-troll and be an asshat. Even if you're being antagonized, you need to be an adult and just ignore that person rather than spamming: "LOL EXPLODED WITH ANGER BRO, STFU" like a child.
0	Alan watts would say that doing it or not are one in the same and that it doesn't really matter if you are or aren't doing something because they are indistinguishable from each other in the most basic sense of reality. Not doing something doesn't mean you are against it anymore than it means you are for it, just as doing something doesn't mean you are for it anymore than it means you are against it but need to.
1	I guess I'm the only one that dislike this idea.   Main reason being that "veterans" got lucky and got ahead of the curb before IP gains were cut and champion prices increased. You know how difficult it is to get to the point of encountering this excess IP "issue"? It's extremely difficult nowadays.   I have been playing since Season 1 and it was so easy to attain IP with all the IP weekends, free IP quint events, and sub-6300 champion releases. If anything, we need to make it possible to speed up the rate people get content and still make an IP sink past the necessary content.
1	The OP is 100% correct and true, BUT when there is an obvious feeder/rager in the enemy team, don't not report them just because they're technically helping you. In a recent game I had a last pick Ali who took Revive and literally ONLY bought items to help him feed (maybe a bot, he said nothing).   Enemy LeBlanc: "lol honor for Ali"   NO. JUST NO. When someone is effing up the game that hard (mind you, their Ez was 9/0 and Ryze 6/0 by 20), they can go burn in ban hell. You don't FUCKING HONOR THEM.
1	They're saying further in this thread that they are investigating means of providing english content for english speakers without removing the official french casting.   I think that the vast majority of the french players going to the event do not speak english very well. It is not just a legend to say that french people speak english really badly. Most movies are dubbed, TV shows are dubbed... It is easy to forget that, because the Internet is full of people who spend half their lives browsing english content and acquire fluency this way.   I reckon that by providing french casting they are encouraging the fact that french speak bad english because everything is translated into french, but they are also showing some respect for the french crowd coming to see the game (and I'm pretty sure there would have been much more french people in the room even if it had been in english).   For me, the real problem is that they have chosen two of the most famous french LoL casters, but these casters are nowhere near the LCS casters in terms of casting talent and personality. As a french person, I'll probably be watching the event in english just because of that.
0	Zimmerman only followed him because the dispatcher asked him to. After they said that was not needed, he turned back for his car then got jumped.
1	Thanks - these numbers should have gone into the article. It is nice to see how teams distribute gold compared to the average, but the graphs in the article make it seem like the distribution is a lot more lopsided than it really is.   For example, the article makes it seem as if Mancloud is making a shit-ton of gold and everyone else on his team is getting starved out, but in reality he's only making about 5% more than the average. Similar situation with CLG: Aphromoo is only making 3% above the average.
1	A few things.  Dr. Terrible  did  reach top 10 (either rank 2 or 1 I can't remember). The "bug" has been known by a few people in the cheat engine community (and riot) for the last 4+ months.  Before today any thread mentioning it would be laughed at and then the geniuses who frequent the forums would respond saying it was lag on the OP's part and would continue to say how LoL could never be "hacked".  The threads pertaining to the glitch would then be removed from the forums. It was not until today that it became noticed widespread among summoners due to Dr. terrible (who happened to learn about the value hack yesterday) exploiting it so blatantly.
1	If you are in a bad mood don't even bother trying to play solo que. You will become more upset rather than being in a positive mood. Secondly I felt the same way you did until I just said fck it /mute all every game I now won't have people flaming trying to throw my game off. To communicate with team I ping and I type down timers so I know when baron/drag/buffs are going to be up without having to scroll for days and have it reset because someone typed something.
0	Consider the following mutually exclusive methods of education:   A) Committing a crime can result in you being arrested and going to jail. If you are imprisoned, you won't have very many options as to what you can do in life. If you don't have many options, you won't be able to do what you consider is fun. etc.   B) Everything which is illegal is bad. Everyone who does illegal things is a bad person. Bad people go to jail. Why? Because they're tautologically bad according to the definitions I've supplied you.   In method A, you are supplying them with judgement-free information, which they can use to make their own decision, and come to the rational conclusion that it is beneficial for them not to break the law in nearly all cases.   In method B, you are indoctrinating them with an absolutist moral philosophy. They will eventually be able to find a hole in it once they are old enough and determine that it is "bullshit". Once they do, expect them to contrarianly rebel and go against the prescribed action of your intended lesson, even in situations where it would be more rationally beneficial to follow it.
0	Then you'd probably have more fun with a Zelda game (they're awesome). First person shooters (for the most part) probably won't be your thing. Most Blizzard games are also war/fighting-related, though with very different mechanics. If it's the war, gore, violence, whatever that doesn't resonate with you then you probably won't enjoy those either.
1	Personally, I played the tutorial and went straight into PvP. Don't worry about getting flamed or trolled, this is going to happen no matter what level you are at. Plus, you can easily mute the douchers now. Co-op vs AI on intermediate level gives a very minimal simulation of how game mechanics actually work. However, the skills you will learn are very limited. You will have a much quicker learning curve playing against other players. You will see a lot of smurfs (players that already have a level 30 and are leveling up another account) and they will probably own you if they are on the other team.   I would suggest starting PvP as soon as possible and paying attention to your mistakes and the mistakes of others. If someone is completely face-rolling you, watch what they are doing and learn from them. You will never become a good player just playing bot games. Example, I have a couple of friends that I recently convinced to play LoL. One of which has a brother that is level 30. He has played only a handful of PvP games and leveled all the way to 30 on bots. He has no idea how to build champions, attack speed orianna is his favorite build. He didn't know what wards were until I told him and he doesn't understand how team fights work or even how jungling works.
1	You mean like 5 years ago when they first released the game and already knew that the languages they created the game and client on was out-dated.
1	I guess I'll try to answer question 4 in depth since most of the other questions seem to be pretty well laid out and straightforward, and this seems to me to be the most difficult for you to comprehend.   Generally the title of the video will almost always be something that sounds pretty stupid from the outside looking in.  But in general try to think of it from the standpoint of somebody who knows the game.   First of all you will have the player's (or champions which is what character the players use during the game) names which usually do sound pretty weird.  that is what you identified as "Big Kahuna" and "XXFilmore" which by the way is absolutely hilarious.   Next you have what they did.  If they made a huge play then it would of course sounds weird, like if they, "flashed over Baron wall and used smite to steal the Baron."  That must sound dumb to you but it makes complete sense to us.   Finally the play itself, which it seems like you have the most trouble with.  In general if the play makes it to the front page of reddit, go into the thread first, and most of the time somebody will explain why, or how that play is so awesome in laymen terms.  That's the closest you will probably be able to get to ever understanding the video unless you play the game.  Because like you said to outsiders, it's just people running around and shooting pink things.   Once you've done that open the video and see if it still makes any sense.  It probably won't but maybe you will at least understand something that looks cool.
1	There's nothing wrong with disagreeing with Riot's marketing scheme, and if a lot of people feel the same way about it, there's nothing wrong with everybody voice their opinion. I think a lot of people are feeding off the energy that we have an entire subreddit of people that for the most part feel that it's a stupid idea that we have to "rent" skins because a lot of people were looking forward to it, and then we feel cheated.
0	Not trying to be a dick here, I wanted to point out that what your talking about is how redditors are  supposed  to use the vote system ergo they wouldn't be GGGs.   I upvoted since I feel this is a good message to convey, however when a meme is misused like this it generally should be downvoted.
0	I live in the UK, so I can only imagine how fucking stupid this shit is. It serves my point though - Trade Unions are utter fucking bullshit.   They're out of date, not fit for purpose, obstructionist assburgers who love nothing more than to get in the way of development and hide under the banner of 'standing up for the little guy' when in fact they're run by even fucking worse tyrants than the companies they oppose.   And what sort of bullshit system of apportioning holiday is that?! "You've not been bothered to try and find a better job or you're not aspirational enough, so HERE, get whatever the fuck you want in return with union blessing". Fuck that.   Good luck with your wedding, enjoy it!
1	When pick order was tied to MMR, it was clear who are the best players in both teams, especially when premade duos had a big ELO differential.   It rules out both the mentality of "I am higher pick so I have the biggest MMR on my team" and the syndrome of "he's their first pick, gotta camp his lane". Additionally, best player (by MMR) isn't forced to be the first pick (leaving the other team with options for counterpicking him).   The most important part, however, is that a premade duo with big ELO differential won't have a guaranteed first pick anymore.
0	I would like to chime in also.  I am a high school math teacher as well.  Just as a small retort, I did not make "Cs or Ds" in college.  My BS was in pure Mathematics, Master's in education.   With that out of the way, I often tell my students that the journey is far more important than the destination.  Some problems, especially in the higher level Math classes, are nearly impossible to complete without knowing the right steps to get there.   Most of you on Reddit seem to be fairly intelligent and could probably pass an Algebra 1 class with ease and with your eyes closed.  However, without learning the fundamentals of equation manipulation, exponent manipulation, etc etc, life starts to get rough in Algebra 2 or so.  Precalculus and beyond becomes nearly impossible.  We aren't just trying to make your life more difficult, we just want you to succeed when you get there.
1	A recent bug has been discovered that causes Skype to hog more CPU than it needs if you have it running, as well as Google Chrome open, that will cause you to lose frames in many games.   To fix: Go into Skype, then help, then about. If you're running 6.11, and if you also use Chrome as a browser, then you're affected. You need to update to 6.13, but it won't automatically update. You have to uninstall Skype, go to the Skype website, and install it again to update.   This has worked for a few people so far, so it might work for you.   I posted a thread about it here, and it helped most of the people who saw it, so it might help you.   Source:
0	The spark.   > Just wait until your webcam light starts "malfunctioning" when your changing...   Here /u/tasmanian101 used the word "your" when he should have used the word "you're". A common enough error, but this is reddit and we jump on that shit.   /u/OsStrohsAndBohs recognized this grammatical mistake and in an effort to grab the low-hanging fruit and easy karma said:   >Ok, the suspense is killing me so I have to ask. When your changing what?   Then /u/xKronicL read that joke and misinterpreted it as an earnest question so he replied:   >not sure if english is not your 1st language, but changing clothes. getting dressed is often referred to as "changing"   /u/LoLDusty recognized that /u/xKronicL had missed the joke and most likely also noticed that in a reply discussing English the poster was pretty bad at it. 'not' should be capitalized as well as 'english'. '1st' should just be written as 'first'. 'but changing clothes' is a sentence fragment or awkward phrasing at best. Etc.
0	It's the men's washroom...a man's only true sanctuary when it comes to letting one rip. I say let it out as you pee...unless you're worried it's more than air...then you ought to try sitting on a toilet. There's no shame in having a tinkle and only ripping a massive breeze of air that you were absolutely sure was a huge wad of shit.   I do have trouble holding back a chuckle when I hear it in the stall next to me, 5 out of 10 times there is a sigh not so much of relief but of frustration....I know when I run to the bathroom for the shit of my life and get a weezing sound that is muffled by my butt cheeks - with next to no smell to begin with I get upset.
0	This reminds me of a time when, many years ago, I regularly parked my car across the street in front of the place I was renting.  I had to do so because of reasons. Anyway, one day the guy across the street uses some hot asphalt to make a shitty (and illegal) ramp so he can get his car up onto his front lawn.   He already had one driveway.   He proceeds to inform me that I can't park on the street anymore because "it's his driveway now, and it's illegal to block a driveway."   So, before I was born, my dad used to work for the city planning department. He knows his shit about zoning and permitting and all that red-tape. So I ask my dad, "what does the code of our fair city have to say about arbitrary driveway declarations?"   My dad informs me that one needs to obtain the city's blessing, which is expressed in a form known as the "curb-cut permit," if one wishes to do such a thing.  So I ask the asphalt-pourer if he's gotten a curb-cut permit.   "No," he says, "I need to park my car on my lawn so it's my driveway now."  [His attitude when.](   Well, it was a huge pain in the ass for me to park my car anywhere else because of reasons. It was entirely legal for me to park on the street as I did, since I moved the car at least once every 24 hours.   So, one night I got drunk, and (at about 2AM on a sunday IIRC) took a sledgehammer to that bastard's sorry excuse for a driveway: just whalloped the living shit out of that pathetic asphalt ramp. In the space of five minutes I had scattered it all to hell and back.   Fuck that guy. If he'd gotten the permit, I would have said, "fine, I'll park up the street." Due to the high density of rental homes on that street, each spilling over with slackers and their tatty vehicles, it would have been about 200 yards up the street, though.
1	Your probably used to just jumping into squishies but when big fights break out you wont be able to initiate without defensive items because you will just die. You need to sit back and wait for them to blow a few spells then jump in on their carry and kill them. Most junglers excel in small fights ie 3v3 and 2v2 but when faced with large fights especially against farmed a top and mid the relative gold you will have is less so you wont be able to go toe to toe with them.
1	i dont think riot should ever do something like this compendium for worlds. they already collect some monex for esports through summoner icons so something like that exists.   overloading the prize pool just is stupid, putting more money into amateur series, maybe local tournaments etc. is a lot better since this will keep the scene alive long term, a few teams getting more monex most likely wont help at all(sure maybe some acedemy teams but that isnt that huge). There are quite some problems in the challenger scene already, having the resources to have teams play offline would remove some problems like ddos. also just some financial security to challenger teams will help to make sure talented teams wont disband just because they have issues there.
1	i was gonna comment with the rage of a thousand suns on this comment, but then i realised that we are talking about bot morgana in a reference to team Siren and suddenly it was a pretty cool joke.
1	No problem. It is a deep story just when I looked at that huge wall of text, I was etching to find if someone did a
