1	Im probably going to catch a lot of flak for this, but I know Gleeb isn't the problem with TSM. Sure, this game he didn't play awesome like he normally does, but he had a lot of key bindings that saved TSM from losing. He pretty much nullified the Westrice tp mid, kept Westrice from diving to the back line a lot, and IMO most importantly landed the biding onto, again, Westrice when they pushed the top lane inhib. This binding caused Bubba to burn his Mikael's in order to save Westrice. This means Bubbs didn't have it for when Gleeb landed the binding following Bjersen stun onto pr0lly and killing pr0lly. IMO, this caused them to finally close out the game.   The real problem is with Amazing. He is known for his Lee Sin, it is his most played champ, and Lee Sin is extremely early-game oriented. The problem is that Amazing consistently, regardless of champ, makes one move early that puts TSM slightly ahead and then just farms for 15-20 minutes. He was able to steal the red from Kez, but with a buff advantage was still unable to get off a single successful gank during the first 25 minutes of the game. Kez, on the other hand, was able to go top to a lane that was already winning and grab first blood on Dyrus for Westrice. This put the already winning top lane further ahead. Meanwhile, Amazing walks into lane bot, takes some CS, and goes back to farming.   Again, IMO, the only good things he did that game were secure almost uncontested smites and have that one kick where he q'd to a minion and flashed to kick Westrice back and snag a kill.   TSM was known in the past for relying on laning phase and early advantages to snowball into a win. They were able to pull it off because they had TheOddOne babysit mid where they were able to play snowbally champs and get multiple kills. TheOddOne would most of the time be behind the other jungler because he would spend time ganking mid and top while Turtle and XSpecial were able to win bot. They wanted that same playstyle when they picked up Amazing, who mains an extremely strong early game ganking jungler, but instead all they got was a teammate who picks junglers that are early game oriented and scale poorly into the late game and all he does is disregard lanes, acquire jungle money.   Everyone is aiming hate at Gleeb for the way he played this game, but Amazing was literally less relevant than Westrice this game and a lot of other games in the past. The reason TSM isn't at the very top of the standings is because for most of the split, they have been fighting a 4v5.
0	I spent two years next to a family like this. It inevitably led to them calling in a domestic on my girlfriend and I when neither of us were in the state in which they were our neighbor.   The best part was when they complained about cost of living and lack of parking...
1	Ok I might be the only one here thinking that way but...   Holy shit I enjoyed that game so much, ok Elements lost but they were never ahead in gold anyways. They did have all the makings of a victory though.   Thing is I still think they played a great game and I really enjoyed watching it. They no longer passively wait things out, they finally grow balls and go in fucking deep.   To all you fuckers bashing Wickd (nope I'm not even an Elements fan) have you ever thought that his Rabadons pick up was intentional because Froggen went to more of a dive build, with less AP, so he would stick the targets to where they are and Wickd lays down crushing ults (what he actually did)? Sure sorc shoes + guise is standard but well I think they had a thought process behind and it worked early.   Same goes for the shook bash now, you flame him for months, writing he's utter shit and inconsistent, then he mans up, fails like every sportsman from time to time does and you flame him again? WTF he was there keeping Elements relevant early/mid game in the firs place!   Heck you can play well (fight for your life) and still lose.
0	OP is a crazy lying fuck, downvote and move on.   18Bfriendzonest [-1][S] -9 points 6 months ago (10|19)   Original: Me and my husband have been married for a year now and I am beginning to think he has been cheating on me. My husband is very wealthy and this makes me think he may be using all this money he has to cheat on me. Because I was feeling this way I got him a chastity device and I got him to wear it. He made me take it off after three days saying "It is uncomfortable, I cannot pee right." I think he is lying. Why would he need it off if he is not with someone else? I do not know what to do, should I divorce him?
0	Some asshole didn't tip because of some BS about how he gives God 10%, why should the waitress get an 18% tip, so he crossed out the automatically added gratuity for parties of 8 or more and put zero.   She uploaded it and you could see his signature and people found out who he was or something.
1	I'll clarify my last post:   [see:]( What happens if I stop plying ranked for awhile   > After 28 days of inactivity in a particular ranked queue, a couple things will happen. First, you’ll be hidden from the standings in your League. You may also lose LP depending on your current tier. Every seven days thereafter, you’ll lose LP until you play a match in that queue. The number of LP lost following each period of decay is as follows:   Diamond: 50  Platinum: 35   Gold: 25  Silver: 10  *Bronze: 0  If you fall below zero LP as a result of decay, you’ll be placed into the next lowest division. If you’re already in division V of your league, you’ll fall into a new league in the next tier down (for example, Gold V to Silver I).
1	I'll respond to your points in order:   1 - Yes, you are correct that the main supports have heal (Soraka, Sona, Ali, Taric); however, there are also games with non sustain supports being played (Janna, Leona, Blitz, Yorick to name a few).   2 & 3 - I'm not 100% sure about this as I have not tested it myself, but I have been told that the lifesteal does not depend on the creeps health, but on the amount that you did. So if you do 80 dmg to a 2hp creep you get lifesteal on the 80 dmg and not the 2 that it would have taken to kill the creep. I could be entirely wrong on that point though.   Flat AD definitely does help you last hit, but if you are skilled enough a 7.5 AD bonus helps but is not a huge factor.   As for armor pen, 3 armor pen quints give an extra 10%, meaning with armor pen reds giving 15%, and 10% from masteries you have 35% at level 1. Most AD carries have a base attack damage of about 47 and base armor around 13. At level 1, with ArPen Quints the enemy has approx 8.5 armor, without they have ~10. This effectively makes no difference on damage(42 vs. 43). Obviously this doesn't mean much at low levels, but we'll extrapolate to a hypothetical. AD carry has 150 attack damage with 50 armor (say they built wriggles or something). ArPen Quints shred armor down to 32.5, without enemy has 37.5 armor. This translates to 113 damage with arpen quints and 109 damage without. This really doesn't make much difference at all. Hopefully I did the math correctly :3   The point I was trying to make mostly was that you can use these runes and not have to worry about buying a vamp scepter for sustain. I don't always build bloodthirster and opt more for IE instead and that delays my build by 450 if I need the vamp scepter to sustain in lane. Sure if you build BT always then lifesteal runes are not worth it, but if you don't build BT then you delay your build.
0	Cart pusher on a throwaway here: upvote this guy!   I work at a Walmart where customers are notorious for not returning their carts. I don't mind at all, half of us would be laid off if the majority of people returned their carts. You can even put your cart on its side so it doesn't roll away if you want to. I do have workmates who complain about this but IMO they're just too stupid to see how our store employs more cart-pushers than most other Walmarts in the country.   Tossing your wrappers and other junk on the floor, yeah that's disrespectful. It makes a public place dirty, that's not cool. And even if someone's paid to pick up the mess on the floor, it's hard and debilitating to pick up every single piece of candy wrapper on the sidewalk. Gathering carts and pushing them? It's easy to make sure I get them all. It requires physical effort but it's not exactly mind-numbing. If it saves you time or effort to leave your cart beside your car then please do it! I'm happy to be paid to take care of it! As far as I'm concerned getting your cart for you is on par to a waiter bringing your food to the table. Absolutely not rude to let me do it.   The things you should not do with carts however: don't go out of your way to make my job harder (like pushing your cart to the far corner of the parking lot just so I'll have to walk there) cause that is a dick thing to do; and if the parking is nearly full, it's nice if you take care of your cart - I don't care personally but it's nice to other customers looking for a parking spot.
0	I think your situation is a bit different.  At least in the context of this thread, the type of person discussed is the one that's lining up a boyfriend prior to ending their current relationship, which it doesn't sound like is the case with you.  That said, there are a few other reasons your post is inclined to get down votes.   To start, the way you define single life in the context of being freshly out of a relationship is something people might take offense to.  The thing is, everyone has a different length of time they need out of a serious relationship before they feel comfortable dating again, and for those who need longer, if you're going on a date, say, within a week of the breakup, it indicates (from their perspective) that you cared little about the actual  person  you were in a relationship with before, and instead simply value having  anyone .  Again, everyone varies, and only you are qualified to make that assessment.  An internet post is certainly not enough to go off of.   The rest I think has been covered, but to sum it up:  dating is a two-person game, and acting like you have no choice in whether or not a relationship springs up is a tad disingenuous.  Not everyone has the luxury of getting constant dates, and furthermore, not everyone says "yes" to every date especially freshly out of a relationship (again, the length of time considered fresh is varied).  Lastly, you do seem to overemphasize the value of dating in single life.  You may have seen it elsewhere in the thread, but pursuing personal hobbies, dedicating yourself to learning a new skill, or any number of other investments of your time are possible when single without resorting to the (casual) companionship of dating.
1	Rylai's is much more beneficial.   You need the slow on more than just your W and you're going to be running figure eights and basically just CCing the whole team with Rylai's.   With RoA the only difference is more mana. Haven't checked the actual numbers, but I know that the HP bonus and the AP bonus are basically the same.   Plus, after you get your Rylai's, you're going to have all the cc you need and then just build tanky after that.   Singed is not mana starved at all so he doesn't need the mana. As a singed player myself, the only time I'm out of mana is if the fight lasted 1 minute + and it runs out at the end of it.   Going both RoA and Rylai's is just going to stop you from getting tanky items sooner.
1	Do we really want esports pros to behave the same as sport pros, and stop interacting with the community, just so we can flame them?   That is the biggest issue, esports are unique in the fact that there is almost no seperation between the pros and fans. You can meet/talk to and even play with pros on a daily basis. I don't think criticism and even flaming will go away, and although I think pros should be able to handle it, a likely way for them to deal with twitter/reddit harassment will be to not return to those sites in the future. I really enjoy the fact that I can ask a pro something on twitter and have a decent chance at them answering or at least responding.
0	My response was quite long. ended up sending it to you as a PM.   EDIT: shit should've just posted it. sorry guys. This is what I sent to /u/Omega-Flying-Penguin     I live in Australia and studied a Bachelor of Information Technology (which was specialising in games and entertainment design). I then spent 9 months looking for work but was unsuccessful. I went back to university and started studying a Bachelor of Software Engineering (what was I thinking studying games and entertainment design lol). After my first semester of that I managed to score a Graduate position (from my previous degree) with an Oracle retailer (think databases).   Currently I'm employed as a technical consultant but I predominately do internal development work but I'm also on the Support roster. What my company sells is quite large and the only way to really learn it properly is to work with as many aspects of it (I've been employed for 10.5 months now and there's still a lot to learn). The thing with the product being so large and encompassing many aspects is that there are many opportunities for it to break. So while I'm on support its my job to fix anything that goes wrong.   If something goes wrong and automated system will give the support phone a call (its currently on my desk) to notify me of a new ticket. The ticket has some vague information. From there I'll look on the clients systems, spot the red text and get the actual error message from that. Its likely that the problem has already occurred so in that case ill search through past tickets for a solution. If there's no past tickets I'll deal with it myself or escalate/ask a more senior consultant for some advice/help.   To solve these problems affectively I employ my knowledge in Unix commands/scripts, SQL, Pro-C and Java. Once the problem is solved I wait for the next call while doing development work. At the end of my shift I hand over the support to the office in the UK (the UK handover to America, America hands over to Australia). My development work primarily consists of Java, XML and SQL coding and some documentation on the side. Honestly, University didn't prepare me for this job. When I got employed it seemed like they didn't care too much for my technical knowledge but more for how well I would 'fit' into the company. And it does seem like they employ more on culture rather than capability. Which is all right because the work I do is quite defiantly not taught anywhere apart from here, so technical knowledge (for a graduate) is not necessarily needed.   If I can give you any advice for finding a job, it would be that fitting into the culture of a company is vital. If your competing against someone who is more knowledgeable than you but less of a cultural fit, you'll probably get the position.
0	At the risk of sounding like I'm trying to one-up you, I can beat that: My dad had been working for a company for about 10 years, slowly climbing ranks from assembler to troubleshooting engineer. At 10 years in, he accepted stock options in lieu of a raise. Just one time, but he couldn't cash them in for 10 years. He had been there 10 years at that point, he loved the company, so he saw no problem with this.   Fast forward to year 19. He had by this point finished his bachelors of engineering by going to college at night. He resolved major manufacturing issues in factories in 5 countries for this company. He applied for a design engineer position when it became available, and was told "Sorry, but we're looking for someone younger." My dad is a pretty chill guy, so he let it go and didn't sue for age based discrimination. After all, he loved this company. Someone else was hired, a guy with way less experience. He was now my dad's boss. He was also screwing up. My dad wasn't covering for him, but he was fixing the new boss's mistakes. At least once a month, he was preventing a major error from going to manufacturing.   New boss finds out about a bonus based on savings given to the company. He also finds out about a loophole in the rules governing stock options. He arranges to have my dad laid off before the options mature. He receives a bonus of  30% of the amount he saved the company by not having to let my dad purchase what was now roughly $100k for about $1500.
1	The problem with posts like these is that people are going to do all the things that you tell them not to anyways. I'm constantly trying to tell my team to push instead of doing baron, saying that we're more likely to throw, but they decide to do it anyways. I tell them to let me split push because we can't win a 5v5 but they want to group against Wukong, Ziggs, Sivir and then blame me when they get engaged upon.
1	I've played about 400 aram games (ya I know, addicted) and I used to think the same.   However if you factor in how the process which Riot uses to give you a "random" champ then you realize why you may get less "OP" champs than is expected.   edit: Riot has not specifically said EXACTLY how the process works, but this is what I've gathered from reading red posts   Basically your initial champ is random, but it cannot be the same champ that is on the opposing team. Players tend to not reroll the most popular champs -Jayce, Nid, Lux, etc- and subsequently reroll if they have unpopular champs -melee tanks with no gapclosers, etc.   So if the other team uses rerolls to get popular champs before you reroll, then they have a better chance of getting popular champs while also increasing your odds of getting unpopular champs.
0	Here's your problem with that statement, you're assuming that differences are ignored by everyone and they're not. Whether we like to admit it or not we're far from equality and it's not because these groups exsist, we still treat each other differently based off of what we physiclly see.   Part of the purpose with groups like this especially at a university level are meant for talking about issues in the community and how they're dealing with them, scholarships, and just overall venting. I remember being part of a group like this in a time that I needed community because that's what it is, a home away from home.   I love my boyfriend (who's white), but there's certain things he doesn't understand about the culture I grew up in and the struggles I had to deal with as a Latina.
1	If you want to stream, then just go for it. Your friends for one would love to watch you I'm sure. Whatever the community things differs from people to people. You don't necessarily need to be some kind of awesome player to be a streamer. However you are more likely to get a lot of viewers if you are pro.   Anyway to give you a small idea about how the process would go, you will start off really small with maybe 1 viewer at the time and this will be a friend most of the time. If you can become interesting in your own way your stream will grow as people will start to like you. For example Guardsman Bob, he has been among the top watched streamers from the time he was 1500 Elo. He was nothing special but people enjoyed watching him as he would be interesting.
0	You see there is your first problem. You feel attacked by Europeans. Nobody implied that Europe is better. Also this meme isn't about Europe at all.  Were is this "'Murica" stereotype coming from? Well you had the Gulf wars and Iraq. Let's just talk about Iraq for a second. A war where the US government decided to don't give a shit about UN mandates and attack a country even though the UN found no signs of WMD during their investigations. I bet you would make fun of other countries if they did that too.  So this meme is not about the fact of invading Iraq for WMD/oil but about the fact that the US said something and did the opposite. (preaching freedom/democracy and waging war) So this is the core element of this meme. Not that hard to understand actually. So what does "Kenya found water/ how 'bout some freedom" actually implies? It's not meaning that the US is thinking about attacking Kenya for water. It would be idiotic to assume that. No, it is a funny joke that the US might declare war while using a bogus argument (freedom) as a casus belli just like they did in the past decade.  So you could try and not be extremely sensible and laugh at those jokes. It's fine if reddit makes fun of foreigners but once the USA is criticised those pictures are stupid. Sorry but this makes you guys look fake. You can't post pictures about France being cowards because of WWII and laugh at them but when somebody makes a joke about the US you all start flipping.  Maybe US-American political humor is different but the rest of the world seems to like those memes (since they get upvoted).  Regarding 9/11. Reddit is an international platform that is mostly used by Americans so if anybody about 9/11 popped up on the front page a majority of American redditors has upvoted it. So no it's not us "Europeans" (still wondering why you assumed everybody outside of the US is European..) who made those pictures. I personally see 9/11 as a very national trauma (I don't see pictures about London, Madrid, Bologna, Munich popping up) so you might understand that it was a pretty regular day in other countries. Also I have no idea why you would assume that criticising the US should be forbidden on 9/11. This seems like a really US-centric point of view imho.   I would like to have a reasonable discussion with you or other people but I already know that nobody is going to reply seriously.
0	For all you people saying you are a virgin near or past 30... You do realize that Internet thing you spend all day on has plentyoffish.com on it right?   and the time it took you to decide to make a picture about your virginity, make the picture, post the picture and frantically refresh your karma page... You could have made a profile and did some push-ups.   Source: I'm a 27 year old dude, who is not a virgin, but has indeed got lucky multiple times on dating websites and can do a bunch of push-ups.
1	I feel the changes on season 4 to make carry jungler viable, huge tanky tops like Renek, Shyvanna, Mundo or Trundle and a shifting midlaner meta between high sustain/shield champs like Lulu, Orianna or Kayle and bursty champs like Syndra, Le Blanc and Orianna turned ADC in just anti-tower champs and not the DPS champ it used to be   I stoped playing ADC cause I can't deal with some extremely dominant supps like Annie or Leona, later in the game I couldn't do anything against the super tanks that hard-force an engage allowing that bursty champs to instakill me. The only thing I could do was trying to survive doing poor damage and help destroying towers   I'm not complaining that a bursty champ can 100-0 and ADC or that supertanks can force an engage so hard. But the combo of this two things, with tons of heals, shields, scaling utility and carry/assasin junglers is just too much for an ADC   But at the same time there are not too much items to play ADCs as anti-tower champs, ADC build is pretty standard and unless you pretend to stack BTs there's nothing that gives you just AD or AS everything comes with crit. that doesn't give anything to that job
1	If they're going against the guidelines set out for them, and being awful sportsmen... report. Doesn't matter what the number is per game. Just as Tribunal should always vote punish on players that break the Summoner's Code in any fashion.   What people don't seem to understand is that it's never personal. There are rules. There are steps that must be taken that are outlined in these rules. If somebody breaks the rules, and it gets reported, and you see it in tribunal... Riot outlines it in the rules for tribunal "PUNISH". Being a "nice guy" and letting it slide under some rationalization that it's a moment of rage we're all suspect to... you're actually condoning that negative environment.   Punished once is a slap on the wrist at worst, mostly the equivalent of a stern talking to with an overbearing father figure. When they start adding up, toxic players get removed. If it was truly a one-time deal, it shouldn't happen anymore after that, right?   Don't get me wrong, I'm not perfect, nobody is. But if I rage on somebody in a game, I expect to be reported. And if my case is brought in front of Tribunal, I expect to be punished for it. Because that's what is supposed to happen.
0	Define "adult". 18 years working minimum wage is pretty normal. Are you referring by default to people who are 40 years or older? And, are you waving a blind eye to relatively highly educated people who take positions in full time minimum wage as means of getting by as they can't find employers? In which case, it's not necessarily their fault.   Footnote: If you say, "It's their fault for choosing to get an education in  insert commonly insulted degree here ," then you are part of the problem for trying to tell someone not to invest further in a passion of their choice that makes them an educated person.   I'm rambling, so the
1	As a support main, season 4 seems exciting to me, but there are some things that  I worry about too.   I spent a good amount of time learning how to appropriately cover the map for certain objectives in a "macro" sort of play. Warding is how you keep busy while your laners push out the side lanes.   Now, it seems unclear to me what  exactly makes a good support player in season 4?  The role of warding has obviously been split up amongst your teammates and oracles is gone. The gold difference between you and other champions is less you it becomes more ok to accidentally walk too close to their mid laner. Most of the gp10's now tether you to your allies, you can't roam as much since the other support who just sits next to the adc in lane will outfarm you.   We know that support is probably the most counterintuitive role in the game at the moment, but I hope Riot hasn't just made us nothing more than mages and tanks that fight bottom lane.   Granted, maybe Riot has fixed everything perfectly and there's nothing to worry about. But shaking up the two main pillars of the support role (warding and not getting gold) might not wok out on the first try... hopefully the transition isn't too rough.
1	LeBlanc is a champion killer. The main mistake I made with her was trying to kill as many champs as i could. I would lose games with 22/3. The issue was my team wasn't getting fed, so the enemy team would simply focus me.  I grab the Soulstealer asap, grab some stack from destroying mid(or ganking sidelanes), then try to give the kills away to as many champs as possible. Her chains are the best way to give assist, I often just use 2 chains to make sure my teammate gets the kill. It also helps to tell your team to KS from you as much as possible. After Soulsteal grab Rylei's and Deathcap.
1	I invade alone so often and there is no one guarding their jungle. So I get everything for free alone with out any help. Now your telling me I shouldn't do this? it's 100% free I sometimes tell my team why are you here go to your lanes. Like you said FB hardly affects anything it just sets a precedence for the entire game. (if I'm invading level 1 i'm going to make my way to their blue at 7:10 and at 12:15 because its part of my play style to be in their jungle every 5 minutes.)   Because of this I'm usually able to reach level 6 before when they are level 4. If this continues I get to 9 when they are 6 and 11 when they are 9. All this from taking reds, I have managed to secure a significant lead against the other jungler.   Do you not understand that solo queue is not a good demonstration of anything??!?! even at 3k elo. You have 4 maybe 3 random people that will not listen to you even if the score is 17-0. (or maybe youll end up with the most awesome team capable of M5 plays), that is why the NA teams are in last place and why M5 thinks of them as a joke. Solo queue is bad because you are dealing with both extremes and which one you are dealing with each game is completely random. Keep in mind that the Chinese and Korean teams haven't voiced their opinion yet, but I'm sure they don't think highly of them.
0	You know what's not helping  YOUR  cause?   That you couldn't be bothered to click a link and see the long list of scientifically peer reviewed papers that show a clear biological linkage between brain structure and gender identity... And why? OMG A BLOG POST HOW DARE I. Yes, how dare I link to a blog post, that obviously immediately invalidates the content contained within. Talk about sheer stupidity.   You keep on trying to delegitimize trans people as actually being members of their gender. You completely skip the part of science that shows how a person's brain is more a matter than anything else in the concept of a gender identity. Instead, you self righteously declare gender as being exactly a matter of something (chromosomes, I'm assuming) that it isn't. In your mind, gender is simple and easy to understand, 1 and 0, infallible, but actual science knows that it's quite more complex.   Obviously you couldn't be bothered with actual science because your ignorant opinions are right because they're yours. Yup, of course. It's always that way with you people.   So yeah, calling you names is pretty much my response, and why? Because you can't be fucking bothered to read and expand your mind on a topic that is well documented and understood by modern science. Instead, you come into the conversation with a closed mind and an inability to read let alone click a mouse, and you expect me to not sit here and think of you as a willfully ignorant asshole? I have to be tone policed because heaven forbid we respond to willful ignorance in something other than "oh you poor thing" when your willful ignorance is the  actual cause of the oppression we're fighting against .   Get real. The problem here is that you're trying to say trans people aren't the actual gender they are. Saying that immediately boats you into the asshole group of people and you're getting mad because trans people stand up for themselves in the face of pure fucking idiocy, but, the only way you'll listen is if we coddle your insanely willful ignorant opinions first. No, I don't think that will be happening.   Being effective is one thing. Arguing with close minded ignorant bigotted fuckwhits is another.
1	And when poppy shows up and dominates you know the problem's with perception.  Twitch was completely unpicked, then he got a VU and became one of the top ADCs.  He wasn't buffed, he was always viable... people just didn't play him because he wasn't an LCS pick.  Rammus has an insane winrate, it took him hitting 60% for people to start playing him because he doesn't show up in LCS.   Yeah, some champs are overtuned and some are undertuned, but a LOT more champs are viable than the community wants to believe.  What did it take for Ahri to show back up? A 0.1 AP ratio boost on one ability.  Why did people suddenly stop playing twitch again?  Because of a minor nerf to his stealth.  Guess which ADC is still dominating games at worlds.  Janna?  She was tier 2 but suddenly she's one of the top supports with no changes.  The meta drives a lot but all it takes is one pro to pickup and win with a champ to change everyone's mind.
0	My brother, being a bartender, wouldn't get home until around 2am. His fiancé didn't understand that. I had really bad insomnia, and when I stayed the summer with them after graduation, I wound up in an armchair, on the laptop until about four, sitting with him for about an hour or two as we both smoked some pot for him to unwind. He'd go to bed around three, I at around four, then I'd get up around 7. His fiancé didn't understand that I had problems getting to sleep, while he was getting a regular nights worth. So, I asked her to stay up a few nights and see how it felt. She took me up on that offer, and by night three, she didn't question his sleeping schedule again, cause she saw how it was.
1	I'd understand all this prolonged butthurt about compensation if LoL was a subscription service. In that situation; extended periods of downtime and intermittent latency are unacceptable and compensation is mandatory, and usually always occurs in sub time reimbursement.   But in the context of League, sure it was an irritating period for all us EUWers, but we aren't physically out of pocket. We're no worse off than we were before. I can understand people feel stiffed, and that is completely Riot's fault for promising compensation and not following through on it.   But surely, all this aggression towards Riot isn't necessary.  I'd be more tolerant of the hate if people were actually miffed by the fact that Riot broke their 'promise' not because of the fact that they 'dont getz the RPzzzz'.  It feels more to me like greed than actually striving for justice.
1	That was very refreshing to hear. Of course the crowd was cheering for the Polish team, the event is in Poland after all, but when the interviewer mentioned their Swedish opponents the crowd cheered for them too. This was the CS:GO crowd, but I'd love to see this mentality at the LoL stage as well.
1	If Chroma packs required any code it was a couple lines to change the skin-select UI. Unless Riot's code is crap, nerfs don't require any programming either. Meanwhile, game features require server code, client code, and extensive testing. All 3 of those things you said are handled by different groups of people and entirely unrelated to the others. Art developed chroma packs, balance nerfed Teemo, and programmers are working on game-features. Programmers have most likely already built tools to allow the game designers and artists to make changes on things like skins and balance without requiring new code and even the ability-reworks largely use pre-existing mechanics.
0	It's the chicken and the egg. Attractive men usually have more confidence approaching women than ugly men and therefore women find that confidence is attractive when it really is just that the guy is attractive. Ugly men are usually not confident, and so when an ugly man without confidence approaches a woman, the girl can see through the fake confidence and be put off.
1	The thing about is that it's a company who put their community before money. It has always been a pioneer for gaming people who play LOL tend to forget its a company with multiple AAA games and have been around for a while now and even own Steam! In saying that, Valve aren't doing this for their own profit even though they have made around 10million in their own pocket after costs and all. So its something Riot can learn from, because Valve put the community first, it's a community that wants to help itself out. Riot can still keep their way of hosting a tournament, but also take on board a community driven prize pool and with that probably beat valves records. Their is no reason Riot shouldn't do it, all they need to do is hope their community is like valves and they need to risk a little of their own.
1	It's a squiggly line, colorblind people can't see squiggly lines.   In all seriousness, though, I don't know why they can't tell the difference.   I feel like the modified textures are significantly more obvious than any contrast (or lack thereof) in colors.  The two most common colorblindness types are red/green and blue/green, and both of those would still be able to tell the difference in colors, although it may not be quite as obvious.  The giant jagged lines at the edge of it are also fairly visible, even while being a somewhat similar color to parts of the map it may be on top of.
1	If you look at the authors of the top rated mobafire guides, these players are usually 1200-1700. Not saying that these people are less smart  than the pros, I'm sure they are really intelligent. However, since there is no "correct" build for any champion (pretty much all guides base their item choices off of sheer opinion rather than math), I prefer listening to the pros.   Anyways, I stopped reading guides a while back, since if you don't try out stuff yourself with an objective POV, you'll never learn how to buy items properly and how to adapt to different situations. Guides can be good in the beginning to teach you some basics, but sooner or later you have to learn how to do it yourself.
0	My parents borrowed 800 from me and said they would pay me back. They never did, their excuses would range from its their money anyways, and how the cost of living for me was how much I lent them etc. I'm 19, I have to pay rent to my parents  yet I still have curfews and they complain I never give them enough money.
1	It is not a bannable offense but I think there are two types of backdooring: Regular backdooring & asshole backdooring.   Asshole backdooring occurs when the INSTANT a team fight initiates yi (it's almost always yi with asshole backdooring) teleports down to a creep wave (or carefully placed ward) and begins hacking away at a tower. You can't even teleport there fast enough to save it. So every team fight you are guaranteed to lose one tower AT LEAST and at that point the other team never needs to do anything, they just start a team fight, run back home, have yi pop a tower, defend while they wait for yi's ult and Youmuu's Ghostblade to pop off cooldown, rinse and repeat.   I really hate games like this because it becomes "We can't push until yi is dead". Which means you spend the majority of the game not wanting to push because you will lose a tower and the other team not wanting to push because then it is harder for yi to be successful with this tactic. It makes for long, tedious games.
1	Me and my friend were playing a game so I went support thresh, and he went top. Bot was elise adc, which I was fine with, but 5 minutes into the game, she has no cs, ad I mean nothing, 0. So, not wants to lose, i say fuck it and I start taking cs, better I get it then her not get it. Then she starts typing into chat "cya thersh, your being reported" I asked what for and she responded "I represent LoL and your gonna be banned" so this went on back and forth for about 10 minutes. I got a triple kill with thersh and the ace, and the eventual win. Last thing elise said was "say good bye to your account, there are 7 ban reports on it right now. At this point me and my friend are just pity laughing, we reported her for spam.
1	if you want to learn about armor pen and its value look at urgot, i did some math with him, if he has a last whisperes, black cleaver, armor reduction from masteries, 20 or 18 armor pen from runes he can bring a 50 armor target to -25, 100 armor to -15, 200 armor to 57 or so.   there are for armor variables:   -flat armor reduction   -percent armor reduction   -percent armor Penetration   -flat armor penetration.   they apply on the given order about, 1 mention is that flat armor reduction can be only found on skills, not items masteries or runes.  so if you have 100 armor, urgots E+8% form masteries +25% (((1-0.2)X(1-0.08)X(1-0.75)) X armor) from black cleaver would reduce your armor to 55, then comes the Armor percent penetration from lw (armor*(1-0.65))which reduces it to 19.66 and then 35 flat armor(armor-flat_pen) penetration what results in -15.33 armor.   its 1 am so im sorry if i did math wrong, but i think ppl should be atleast aware of the difference between %armor penetration and % armor reduction and in what order they apply.   As we can se above urgot with 3 items will shred all your armor away, he is still viable top. give that ugly crab some love.
0	Well, kind of.   I am overweight, obese by the current BMI standards. I just had a full blood screen with my doctor a month ago. Here are some of my results.   Blood Sugar - 91 Cholesterol - 115 Triglyceride - 80 HDL - 49 LDL - 50   This is from when I gave blood a few weeks later. Blood Pressure - 132/80 Pulse - 91   All are within normal ranges. My blood pressure could stand to lose a few points, but if you looked at this on paper, I would seem healthy.   Now, my 6' 180# brother has diabetes, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and a host of other problems. Normal body weight, but leads a very unhealthy lifestyle.   Don't get me wrong, I feel I should lose some weight and be more active, but I'm HEALTHY according to my last visit to the doctor. After asking him what I can do to improve my health, he said in his own words "By all rights, I should tell you to lose weight, but you're healthy. Don't worry about it unless you want to do it for yourself." I'm not on any medications. Just because you're "fat" doesn't mean you're necessarily unhealthy.
1	I've similar bad experiences with VG before as well.   I was in the top 4 of a tourney about 5 months ago, and I was playing in the D (edit: the lowest of 4 tournaments at the times, as there only A, B, C, D) tournament. We were ready to play our quarter final and were supposedly guaranteed 4th place RP, if we lost our next two games. One of our players had to leave, so we had to get a ringer to replace him. We had a person join, we asked if him if he went through the lobby, he said yes.   Before our game even started, some mods came into our channel, telling us that the guy that had joined our team is a smurf, and was fairly certain we were all in a Skype call, trying to scam this tournament. After being "lied to" because we didn't understand his question, we were disqualified from the tournament and did not receive our RP for 4th place.   After that I was told, Mods can pretty much do whatever they want by some lower staff in the lobby.   Fys was the one that made all these decisions and I really dislike how he handled our case. I'm glad to see that I'm not the only one that went through something bad with VG.
1	I bet after month or two, Czaru will find new team. He have biggest chances to get into LCS team, maybe Millenium cause Kerp can only play LB. What about rest? Kubon need team with good jungler, he need one early gank to dominate, Libik he is good Thresh, best Zyra so he can find some good team but not in LCS. Mokatte he should does pause from LoL, Makler if he will fit into meta, he can find good amature team.
0	Reddit allows for community creation, not politically correct community creation.   Actually it allows for both, it is totally up to the mods how to run the place. To add to that further, some subs have very strict rules on comments ( /r/technology is pretty strict on comments) and plenty of subs moderate comments with [reddiquette](  in mind. So saying that reddit will die with active moderation is just untrue.   As it is here in /r/adviceanimals we leave it up to the community to do modding with down and upvotes. But if certain things do become a problem we do step in, blatantly racist slurs for example are actively removed. As it is really hard to come up with objective rules for other things and even more important, keep up with millions of subscribers on a daily basis.
0	Breastfeeding is not indecent exposure. The female breast is not indecent and does not necessitate censorship, especially when it is performing its rightful function. Male nipples are not censored. Non-infants can eat public. Women can take their children in public. Women are allowed to be in public without an escort. Women should be able to feed their children in public.   If you don't understand that, I really can't explain this to you any further.
1	It's not just that he isn't helping, but that by killing low hp champs you basically give them full health and they can return. You want to let low hp champs sit in the back and fight to stay alive. Then when the teamfight starts and you get 2-3 kills you can kill the low hp champ and dmg the tower.   If you kill him right away the other team can stall and wait for him to return.
0	I never told you how to interpret anything, no need to be so riled up.   I'm just saying that there is value in examining what is said in a joke. The statement stands as long as it's not deleted. It's obvious to be taken with grains of salt and all, but it's of value to examine a joke. What is the point of the joke, where does it's humor come from and how does it relate to our culture. A joke can inform, rabble or denounce. All of those can be good jokes.
0	No, the issue here is your myopic reading of my comment. You've latched on to my saying that women do care about looks to the point that you've completely failed to understand the point.   Women care about looks  AND  they care about personality. It isn't complicated.   Nowhere have I stated that women generally prioritize looks. Everyone has a different set of priorities and it is never categorically binary. My problem with what your saying is that there is a proper way to map these priorities, that there is an 'optimal algorithm' by which to assess a man's attractiveness, and that non-adherents thereto are literally Kim Kardashian.   This is what I consider naive if not quite juvenile. It is TOTALLY OK to value looks to whatever extent one may do so. I've made no statement estimating the distribution of women who appreciate looks more, equally or less than other traits, nor have I made any statement endorsing one set of priorities or another, so stop flipping out any time someone admits that looks are a factor and embrace the fact that human sexuality is too complex to think about in the way that you seem to.
1	I don't understand what is so interesting about getting free gold, like if for example I have a sightstone, boots 2 and a gp10 item running(in s3) while the other support just has gp10, man what a crazy lead, and that was possible with winning lane.   in the current game sure I mabye have a t3 gp10, a sightstone, boots 2 AND some other 4th champion specific item, yes this is more stuff, but guess what, the other support likely has the exact same number of items because all of my gold came thru passive gold and gp10
1	Lost. Confused. I know all the Champs and game well. I have no identity. Sometimes I like top. Sometimes jungle. Sometimes ADC. Sometimes sup. Sometimes mid. I love ranked but don't know what to play or like to play. All I know is I love league of legends.
0	Just as divisive as Europe'?   So you linekd to a map with the subtitle "Provinces and territories with same-sex marriage before its nationwide legalization on July 20, 2005"   So green = has had same sex marriage for more than 8 years, grey = for  8 years.   Whereas Europe varies from "completely legal" to "no recognition of same sex couples, not even defacto", which contrasts VERY strongly to " In 1999, after the court case M. v. H., the Supreme Court of Canada declared that same-sex partners must also be extended the rights and benefits of common-law relationships."
1	I honestly believe that people play PBE for the effectively free champs and skins.  I made an account, and straight up destroyed people game after game.  I was <1200 elo then. I don't think it will ever be a fullproof testing system. Most of the people, in my experience, wouldn't know the difference between OP and fed.
1	You can't get a good winrate on a champion with 90%+ bannrate.   So until about 7 months or so ago, I used to play LoL. In S2 I pretty much just played Ryze, so in S3 I wanted to pick up a diff champ. I wanted to pick up another unpopular mid champ.   I played Ryze upto Diamond 5, and then Kassadin upto Diamond 1. Kassadin and Ryze were never banned back then. Ever. They both always had 45-48% winrates. I followed this closely back then as they were practically the only champs I played.   They have both since come into popularity, and been nerfed, even though they have never been positive winrate in S3.
0	My upstairs neighbors are thin, noisy, rude, and shitty. Turns out it's also my ex-girlfriend and her current boyfriend. What the fuck are the chances? Not only that she lives in the same complex (out of hundreds). But directly above me (over 1000 units in my complex).
1	I love Malzahar toplane.   Build: Starting with Fairie Charm and pots/ward. Usually I rush Spirit of the spectral Wraith to get manareg, some AP and spellvamp. After that I go for sorc boots and the Lindarys/Rylai's combo.   At LvL 1 take Q and spam it in the base to get my passive up. After that max e to farm.   My playstyle is defensive, just farming with e and q, use your pet and e to harass. Spellvamp will help to get hp back, e will sustain mana. Just e one minion and keep on autoattacking. After a wave is pushed go back to prevent ganks. You can take golems or wolves with ease (Spirit item).   Masteries: 21/0/9 or 21/9/0 vs champs with gapclosers.   After lvl 6 you can duel pretty well with the ult and a voidling, with the help of your jungler it's an easy kill. Else just farm up for lategame.
1	Tried to play ranked on my main. Game failed to start, it was just stuck in lobby. So i thought i didnt connect or something, restarted client and got a 30 min timeout. Then tried to play on smurf. Hit accept on the popup, game didnt start and I got kicked. Tried to re-quene, and it says i am already assigned to a game.
0	Reminds me of a less funny, but funny nonetheless, story of mine.   I was once at my local Five Guys burger joint with my friend, order the usual medium fries and wait for them to call me over to get our food. And so I wait. The nice register guy calls me over, hands me the fries, and tells me "Enjoy your fries." Being the slightly socially awkward kid that I am, I freeze up and respond with "Yeah, you too!" Then I walk back to our table in embarrassment.
1	I mean, the biggest issue is while his passive makes no sense on a support, he is still a competitive pick and seen as generally a good support in many situations. A useful passive could easily push taric into the OP territory. Its a bit of flawed game design to have a passive like that on a support. However anything else may make him too strong.
0	Clearly you have misunderstood me.  I am not a nutritionist but I can read.   OP is probably a bank teller or something unrelated to science nutrition or health, but you know what he can read too.  And since you're responding to me now,  I think you can read too.   So stop arguing points because 'it doesn't seem true.  There have to be risks.  You are wrong,  completely wrong and just because I said so'.  If you want to have an intelligible conversation,  you need to do your work as OP and others have.   Read, scrutinize what you're reading,  reevaluate your argument,  and then bring sources supporting your argument.
0	It's easier to warm up in a cool house, but at the same time, I don't want to have to wear a sweater in my house.   I've seen the extreme situation where a set of female roommates split the utilities in a bizarre way. They decided that 1 pays heat, 1 pays electric, 1 pays internet, and one pays for TV. They had differing sized rooms and found an amicable solution in terms of money per utility.   Now, here comes the shitty part. The roommate who pays for the heat always turned the thermostat way down and just used the same excuse "You can always just wear more clothes." Heat roommate actually was too cold, so she plugged in an electric heater. Electric roommate finds out and flips her shit. Turns the apartment into a sauna. The argument spills over to our Softball team and it's mostly just hilarity.
1	Thorin is one of those people who can talk 10 minutes just to express something they could have said in 3 sentences   You could basically make a 1 line
0	You are making a ridiculous generalization.   First of all, wanting to get into the game industry is fine but it is a lot different that getting into other industries.  The merits that get you hired in the game industry are more portfolio based than education based.  If you have the passion to make games, you simply need to practice that passion and make games in your free time and you don't need to go to get a degree in CS or Game Design to do that.   That aside, you generalization about doing something you have a passion for as a profession is ridiculous as well.  I would venture to say anyone in the film industry, acting, art, writing, ect...has a passion for what they do and likely pursued it in their free time as a hobby.  While yes you could get burned out, that can happen with any profession.  People that work in something they are passionate about are less likely to reach this sort of burn out.   The only merit I can see an your opinion is if somebody wants to get into game design simply because they like playing games or they have ideas that they want other people to make a reality.  Both of these cases are definitely realities in people looking to get into the industry.  It is important to understand that making games is nothing like playing a game.  There is also no shortage of game ideas/concepts in the game industry and aspiring designers often mistake the role of designer as simply being the idea guy that gets his vision made.
0	I wish I had you as a teacher.  I took physics for 6 years (all 4 years of high school, 2 years in college) and still to this day have a passion for it.  In high school, my teacher encouraged creative thinking and I started dabbling in more advanced concepts by deriving my own equations for fun (yes, I was a nerd).   Fast forward to college, I nearly failed my first semester because I continued to use equations creatively rather than do it exactly as the professor showed us in class.  I stuck it out for two years until I finally couldn't stand it anymore and switched my major to Russian.
1	hehe my lil claim to fame here. i was spectating a normal game of my friend who was playing jungle against a team with malunoo and alex ich on. he completely destroyed EVERYONE.
1	I played another game in my hard time but I played too much I'd say and that's why I'd like to warn others at this point.   OP obvioulsy didn't play that much because of his job etc. but for my case it was kinda different. I just graduated from school and have to wait some month now until I can study. Compared to OPs story it's nothing what I've made through just my first big love realizing that she doesn't really love me anymore. On the good side she still likes me a lot and I can talk to her any day I wish.   BTT: I played for over 12 hours some days because it was a way I wouldn't think of her and our situation now. This was like a week ago and I now rather visit my best friend almost every day which basically does the same.
0	No, the Constitution protects specific,  protected  classes from discrimination. Hair color is not one of these protected classes.   Hate crimes are modifiers added on to standard criminal charges, and are not in the Constitution, but in state and federal law.   Libel and slander are also not in the Constitution. Rather, courts have found that the First Amendment is not absolute, and thus individuals can be prosecuted for libel or slander (even though individuals could not normally be prosecuted for exercising their freedom of speech - since courts have found libel and slander are not protected speech) - based on state and federal laws, but not on the Constitution.   The Constitution doesn't protect people whose lives are "dramatically hindered by false allegations" because the Constitution does not deal with individuals actions, only with the action of the government.
0	The assumption that "all men only wants sex all the time" in a straight society being applied to a gay community.   In heteronormativity (the "norm" for a straight society) men is assumed to only wants sex. (with women because they're straight)   In homonormativity (the "norm" or mainstream of a gay community) this assumption becomes "Since men only wants sex, and since both party in a man-man relationship is men, then all gay men only wants sex all the time"   Take Adam and Steve. In Homonormativity, Adam asks Steve for sex. Since Adam and Steve are both men, and given that all men only wants sex all the time, Steve will say yes and they will have sex.   This is a problem because it's not true. We know it's not true because when we pick partners, we do look for other things I.E. intelligence, wealth, nobility, etc. Part of the problem is applying this assumption across the board indiscriminately (If person == men, then sex == want;), and that society as a whole, we "believe" in this.
1	I disagree. Mechanically i believe NA and EU have a higher number of top ADs. China and Korea have the better team play, winning more games. China has 2 (Uzi, Vasili) that come to mind and Korea has 3, 2 of which play in China (imp, Deft), the other is in NA (Piglet). Ohq is fantastic, but isn't better then NaMei. I need to edit the ADs because I completely forgot Deft. Space has a lot of work to make up in order to catch the top 10 IMO. Hes has  potential  for far to long that I though CJ Entus was crazy to keep him for season 5.
0	See thing is women and men view this type of betrayal differently on an evolutionary level. Because a women can only become impregnated by the genetics of one mate, physical betrayal is more serious to most men. If the woman has sex with someone else and becomes pregnant, the mans genetics don't get passed on.   If a man has sex with someone else he can throw his DNA around like there's no tomorrow. Historically men have provided recourses to women, with things such as hunting, shelter, all that cave man jazz. That's why women see emotional betrayal as more serious. If the man is emotionally attached to another woman, he is likely to provide her resources instead of his mate.
0	I'm new to the idea that reddit loves Bill Gates and hates Steve Jobs. I'm surprised by this. Contrary to your opinion, I've often thought that I could do much more good in the world with $76 Billion to manipulate and leverage. I've researched a lot of successful non-profits and found that most organizations are financial and political tools rather than organizations that actually promote the eradication of a world problem. I know that Bill Gates is VERY active in finding alternative energy sources and VERY active in promoting the aid of third world countries while remaining relative ineffectual in curing some ills in his own country. If his venture into reusing depleted uranium or some other alternative fuel source is successful, that 'philanthropy' is going to go a long way amongst those countries he's helped. I also believe that if Gates is as 'philanthropic' with supplying energy as he was and is at supplying operating systems, you will have light bulbs that have to pay him royalties because the end users will run those light bulbs on "HIS" electricity. He truly fired the first volleys in the war against open source software and the intellectual property rights and software patent wars that are currently raging out of control. I do not think a philanthropist tried to destroy the individual users so fiercely and offers such little support for his products. I suspect his so called philanthropy has and end game which will play out much like his business practices have historically. His charity is more of a political positioning, IMO, the same way Susan G. Coleman does little philanthropic work and even less to actually find a cure fore cancer as that organization is used as a political fundraiser and litigious predator for smaller non-profits flying a similar flag.  Steve Jobs was an intense ass, but he was a true visionary. Everything he was a part of is and was along the leading edge of the industry. He became a part of Pixar because he could recognize that greatness. Apple has really become more of a marketing and litigating corporation rather than a true industry innovator that it once was under jobs. A Macintosh wasn't a computer, it REDEFINED personal computers. An iPod wasn't an MP3 player it REDEFINED them. An iPhone isn't a cellular phone it REDEFINED mobile phones. Steve Jobs is often regarded as a lucky asshole who surrounded himself with great inventors and just rode their wave, but that's not accurate. None if those people did great world changing things before or since. He was an innovator whose creativity has yet to be eclipsed in the technological world of personal accessibility and user interface. We live in this WYSIWYG world of buttonless computing and insult the man who first said it could and SHOULD be done and criticize him because he realized he wasn't going to find inspiration in focus groups or from those he worked with. He had a big ego and he did claim that many ideas were his that weren't,  but the man walked into Xerox and walked out with their R&D department effectively. I'm typing this message on glass that Corning invented in the seventies for Christ sakes. Steve Jobs left a wake of "why didn't I think of that?" In his wake and he was boating through an ocean of the most gifted minds in the world.  As I understand the Bill Gates legacy, it was:  I have a great idea; if I build it cheaply and unstable enough, a lot of people can afford it.  People can't understand the interface? Fuck 'em, it's affordable. What? Someone made a user friendly version?  What's a mouse?  I'll make an operating system that mimics that. Then I will make people use it by forcing it on all the cheaply built computers. Doesn't work? Call this number, "heh heh heh". No one answered? Unplug it any plug it back in. Still doesn't work?  Here's a newer version, cost: on arm, one leg. Lost all your semester's data or that great American novel you were working on? Call 'Geeks on Call'. Still doesn't work?  Here's another operating system. Oh, BTW you have to buy another printer and all of my other software that no longer work with my new operating system (aren't you glad  Microsoft is so cheap?). Want to buy a new computer?  Guess what, my new operating system is on there too! I have 76 Billion dollars of your money now, want to know what I'm doing with it?  Charity, saving the world, philanthropy, you know, all that good stuff. Have I told you about my new energy...   I mean, please allow me to at least be skeptical of the statement that BG is the most philanthropic (philo-  -anthropo.  Lover of people) person on Earth. I think his business history shows the same obtuse and emotionally indolent attitude that Jobs is hated for. The Jobs biography was a very interesting and valuable read for anyone trying to navigate a world that seemingly wants innovation. It seems the world wants innovation, but only if you innovate the same way everyone else does, then join the political who's who and the non-profit/financial shelter game of charades played by the politically elite.   I believe Reddit will eat me for saying so, but I've read a TON on both people and NEVER see anything I respect about Bill Gates. Reddit wants an open source and market free from corporate empiricism and malfeasance and they hold Bill Gates up as an icon of philanthropy?  I don't get it. For posterity, however, I would like to be in the side that was more skeptical of Gates. If he is ever successful in his quest to secure an alternative energy source, I wonder how philanthropically energy will be distributed. Tesla did a whole lot more with whole lot less resources than Bill Gates and his 76 Billion Dollars has done to fighting the energy crisis. I think the fact that by dollars it could be argued he has the ability to be the most influential person in America, coupled with how in effectual he is at curing any of Americas ills is an argument against his philanthropy--not in favor if it. I don't consider the man who steps over 100 starving or jobless people on his way to mail a package of books or clothing or food to a distant land, philanthropic. I call that self-serving. There is a reason he has chosen to spend his money in the ways he spends it and we don't know what that reason is, but in terms of potential vs. results, he is not the beacon of philanthropy. I would rather the world be full of assholes that act like assholes and produce great things than the world be full of men shaking my hand and giving me a dollar while placing a noose around my neck.
0	To expand on "...nor did anyone assume that they would be signing over their rights to privacy..."   If you take a good hard look at most social networks, nobody gives a fuck about their privacy, anyway. It would take me an hour or two, tops, to find out where the majority of the people I know were today, what they were doing, who they were with, what music they were listening to, hell I can even download pictures of what they had for lunch. We have grown into a culture where we actually want to share even benign, useless information with anyone who will listen, and we want to peer in to other people's lives. Reality television is the glorification of invading other people's privacy. We want to see and be seen. we all just want our 15 minutes. Even this comment is driven by some insatiable need to get MY opinion out there, cause it's so goddamn important, right? I matter. Listen to me, watch me, upvote/like/favorite/retweet me!!   Now we're all shocked and appalled because the government is one of the people that's paying attention?   Don't get me wrong, I am vehemently opposed to what the NSA is doing, and horribly disappointed in our government right now, but I think we have to place at least a bit of the blame on ourselves. We've made ourselves ripe for the pickin' in today's society.
0	My boyfriend (black) & I (white) parked his car behind our local comic shop. While we were walking a black teenager wearing a hood pulled low over his face (I live in Miami, it was hot as hell) waled by us. Honestly I didn't remember him until my bf mentioned him. When we left the store his passenger window had been smashed & his bag stolen. He was pissed at himself because he said when he saw the kid he had a feeling he should walk back to the car but didn't cause he didn't want to judge the kid like he'd been judged before.
1	thanks for pointing this out - in effort to consolidate comments, I've commented here:
1	I never agreed with us telling companies such as Riot and Garena on what they should do in the name of charity.  If you want to help, go out and donate directly would work just as well won't it? Although it is nice that these companies give back to the community in need
1	I don't know really, I've an easy time in lane with Nottingham ezreal, his Q and E animations are close to non-existant, while PFE is slightly more "locked" while doing these. However in the lategame, I feel that I dish out extreme amounts of damage if I play PFE, his AA with some attack speed and blue ez build is just incredible smooth late.
0	Agreed.  Just saying it is subjective. Water has a taste,  or so says insects .  So yes, these frequencies are visible - just not to us.
0	I've seen way more scumbag Steve than his counterpart (I can't remember the name unfortunately). I have something else though.   Everyone complains about an ex. I complained about one of my exes for a long time. I thought it was her fault for the longest time. Then I realized one day that I had complained so much, that I seemed like the bitch, which caused me to think about the whole situation. I'm not going to get into details, but I realized that it wasn't entirely her fault. She texted me about a month after and apologized for what she said, and I apologized for what I said, and we walked away as adults. Unfortunately, you aren't always going to see that on reddit, nor in the real world. All I can say is to not let other people's immaturity effect you. Guys do it and girls do it. Reddit happens to have a lot of guys, so you're naturally going to see more memes depict girls as the ones in the wrong.
1	You nailed the entire point with your second sentence. New languages are born out of the 'misuse' of older languages. People change the way that they communicate over time and that leads to new systems and new rules. That doesn't make the new set of rules wrong. It just makes them different. I also find it interesting that words are changed and adapted over time, but I was just trying to guide you away from the misconception that differences in languages imply that one is correct and one is incorrect. Situations like this are rarely black and white.   For instance, let's take the words 'black,' 'blank,' 'bianco,' and 'blakkr.' All of these words can be traced back to the same Proto-Indo-European roots that mean 'empty' or 'blank.' Eventually, some languages came to adopt the term to represent what we currently know as the color 'black' in English. Other cultures came to use it to represent the color known as 'white' in English. That's why you end up with black and bianco, two words that came from the same root, but have completely opposite meanings.   In short (hah!), if you were simply trying to share the Latin roots of the word, then more power to you. If you were trying to use it to discredit the way that it's used in English, then you're ignoring the entire process by which language is created.
0	after slavery, we still kept blacks down. we started making laws about each black vote equaling 3/5 of a white vote. blacks couldn't get educated. all of a sudden there was a reading test required to vote. we forced blacks into low income housing, ghettos. a lot of businesses wouldn't hire blacks, but they--as anyone else--NEED money to live, so they had to get it, often illegally. I feel like it's a hard thing to admit but I think whites quite literally shoved blacks down into a spot that it's extremely hard to get out of. not that we're still pushing them down (in a lot of ways, we are, but not nearly as heavily or as obviously as we did). however, there are still a shit ton of blacks in poverty, because of the actions of whites, 100 years ago and less.
0	As well, the fitter one is usually indicates an increased level of activity/exercise.  Such an increase in activity necessitates heightened caloric intake to replenish those lost through exercise.  Ergo increased activity as evidenced by fitness would then translate to increased appetite (caloric intake).
0	I think that it's time for violence. These clueless, out of touch assbags and their damned temper tantrum are hurting people who are already living close to the edge.   My neighbor is a single mother. She works at a grocery store during the day. She goes to school at night. She is working hard to better her life and provide for her son. She depends on the WIC program to buy formula for her son. She was called by WIC today and told that they had only enough funds for a few weeks and would have to cancel her appointment. She will run out of WIC this week and be unable to get more until the republicans decide to end their tantrums. What the hell is she supposed to do now?   FUCK THE REPUBLICANS AND THEIR JUVENILE BULLSHIT!!!!
1	While that is true; I have a slight issue with people saying Santorin is an import or whatever term people might use. Don't get me wrong; I'm not saying he is an American player but he was playing in NA before TSM signed him. Doesn't make any real difference but Coast is the organisation who imported him; not TSM.
0	To take your point a little further, I had a friend who would blame and expect payment for any item of his that broke if you were the one who discovered if said item was malfunctioning. Example: playing x box, for no more than 10 minutes with his 4 year old controller, inform him that one of the buttons is not responding....boom "what'd you do!!!! You owe me a controller! " through no negligence or misuse of my own, I am suddenly responsible for replacing an item that was already, or destined to break the next time someone touched said item. For all we know op's mouse was fucked before the roommate had the misfortune of left clicking. Cat knocked it over, too much semen clogging up the scroll wheel, all I am saying is that there are too many suspects to call this an open and shut case of property abuse by roommate.
1	On the point of prioritising the carries, do you have any plans to change blue or red buff, to make them more about jungling than generic stats? (Similar to the Baron buff changes.)   In lane, your opponent is the enemy laner. In the jungle, by contrast, your primary opponent is not the other jungler, but the jungle itself. Clearing jungle camps should feel challenging, which is why it's ok that not all champions can survive in the jungle. In my opinion, the jungle buffs are both tools that let you face this more difficult environment, as well as your reward for daring to do so. That's why it feels really shit when:     You're expected to give up one of your buffs to mid possibly before you've even hit level 6     Your teammates can clear jungle camps better than you as soon as they have 1 or 2 items       The worst part of jungling right now is how fast you lose control of your jungle  to your own team . Each laner has their own area of the map that they control and are responsible for, and it would feel much better for the jungler if he really  owned  his jungle, rather than it becoming free gold for your teammates 15 minutes into the game. I know you're looking to address this with the camp and terrain changes, but
1	I'm Platinum 1 with 98 points at the moment, if you are good with Twisted Fate you can play midlane. But he is definetly still good at the moment, most people just dont realize it, I really have passion for this champion and  his roams carry teams easily if used right.
1	I had a similiar thing, bought a 24h boost and could only play for 12 hours due to the server being down, i immediatly contacted riot support and asked nicely if there would be a compensation for that. This was on a weekend and i told them that i can only play on weekends. didnt get a response for 1 week but then, saturday noon, they gave me a full 24h boost again.
1	DO A
0	You gotta do this dude, honestly hes intimidating you to control you, and no offense, but your letting him do it by playing this powerless character.  Avoiding confrontation is not the answer here.  We're often told that fighting is not the answer, but this is one of those times when you gotta stand up for yourself.  If you do nothing this will just continue and even worse he will do it to others as well because he now knows it works.
1	Pick somebody that can push well. You NEED to win lane. Play something that has better early game than her. Try to beat her when she's the wakest. Her mid game is terrible. Try to win the game quickly. The longer her mid game goes the more items she gets and gets to late game.
1	Agreed with cidninja. Talking makes allot when I choose what stream to watch. I prefer to watch scarra or wings cause they are so good at explaining. In scrim I would love to see you support, but I need to be able to hear the conversation between you and your carry, cause I think I could learn allot from that communication.   mainly I watch streams to improve myself, and that is why the part above is so important. Music matters little to me, and I wouldn't mind watching 30 support games in a row if u kept englightening me.
0	So you're a 42 year old male nurse who spends his time playing video games and getting butthurt on reddit? Yeah you're totally making this  so  much better for yourself ahah. And I'm that guy who gets mad at people calling me creepy? Ahaha no, I'm not mad, I don't really care. I don't think it's creepy to look at a widely available source for character reference. But for the record, I'm a girl (a relatively attractive and intelligent one at that). It's pretty easy to figure out from pictures in my submitted link history or, you know, actually reading my name (although I know reading is hard for you). But in all honesty, you should probably get help for your wall of text issue. I don't think I'd trust the competence of a man who made it all the way to middle-aged believing that a paragraph of roughly 9 sentences is a 'wall of text'. There are plenty of adult literacy centres out there if you need assistance learning. They've proven that whole 'old dog new trick' thing false, so I'm sure you have plenty of time to improve.
1	Phreak is Singed not Singed is Phreak, where Riot owns Singed, where Phreak owns Riot and Singed owns Riot.
1	Riot has released stats using a large number of games. I can't find it now (on phone), but AFTER they made the change where purple team has the higher Elo, blue team still wins ~52% of the games. Keep in mind that the professional players playing team 5s won't be affected as much by it. The side will have a much greater influence in solo queue and at lower Elo (where the majority of players play).
0	When I was attending college, before started dating my wife, I had the hots for one of my classmates. We often talked in class and communicated well. after a few weeks tried my luck and asked her out. Did not go well, gave me the friend option, I just respectfully declined and told her I would not be able to keep a just friends relationship going. I felt like a dick but she did not act anymore different to me in class same cheerful person. What most of these people need to do is cut lose and dont torture yourself, the person does not know how you feel to them you are still some friend, you are the one that is suffering.
0	I completely understand what you're saying. In college, I used to work at a food court and there was this one obese/overweight 'person' who would at the cash register, which was near the coffee machine where I used to be. I swear to go when I first met this person, I was so awkward and he/she had short hair but since she was also obese had (man)boobs.   So I used to do exactly that, a lot! Whenever I'd come in to start my shift, I'd be like (This person even had a unisex name) "Hey!!!, how's it goin? blah blah", "Dude, you should totally go for that.. blah blah".. (One can use dude while addressing both male & females in collge I suppose).   It was funnier when one of my co-workers during one of the shifts noticed my awkwardness and one in the locker room she came up and kinda acknowledged the situation and how even she doesn't know if its a guy or a girl. hah!
0	I have learned to relax my eyes and not actually stare at the person. Your eyes become a little blurry, and staring becomes less of a possibility. But if that does not work for some odd reason, then look at their mouth immediately. If you do it fast enough, then they won't know the difference between you looking in their eyes or mouth.
0	Too bad those girls start off with mixed messages then.  You both liked each other. So if you're not actually interested, remove him and/or tell him as much.
1	I personally don't think the rune combiner is all that bad. Think of it as a sort of gambling mechanism. If you purchase 25 tier one runes at the cheapest price (15 IP) you'll spend 375 IP. The average tier 3 rune is worth 410 IP and that's not taking into account quintessences. Now it is true that the odds of getting something you actually want is slim, and you can have more than 9 of any mark, glyph, or seal via the combiner making them even more useless; however, you can get lucky and I think the rune combiner serves a purpose that way.   All this said, your first upgrading suggestion is great. It's simple and easy and there's not much of a reason that it couldn't be done as far as I can see.
0	It is quite rare to "be led on", is the thing. Most girls don't deliberately do that. In fact, if the man has confidence and makes his move it will never happen. I am not saying it's ethical for a girl to continue teasing a guy she has rejected, but the guy needs to take responsibility for his happiness and move on. Actually, in the case "leading on", it's nearly impossible for the guy to tell the difference between it being deliberate or just a factor of her personality, unless she admits it. By continuing to pursue a relationship under the guise of "friendship" and "being nice" without making his attraction/interest apparent OR continuing it after rejection, he is being unfair to her, and to himself.
0	This is a well thought-out post. The only issue is that there  are  programs that exist, but unless a mentally ill or deficient person is a danger to themself or others, they have the choice whether or not to participate and many times they choose not to. It's not really up to us (I believe), as a society, to decide what is the  right  thing for people to do. Maybe drinking maddog outside the liquor store makes them happier than working a desk job ever would.   People do what they do for a reason- even if they don't understand it. People do not do things that aren't rewarding to them. When you have people that don't fit into society, it's because they are more sensitive to the rewards of something than a normal person, or less sensitive to the punishments than a normal person. Here's my example: a rapist is someone more motivated to commit acts of sexual aggression than the average person and/or less deterred by the possibility of hurting someone or getting caught. This could be because they don't properly understand or predict the consequences of their actions due to a mental deficiency, or because at the time they commit the rape, the reward in the moment is outweighing any deterrent (which could be caused by any number of factors e.g. drug use).   I picked rape as an example because I wanted a vivid example of an activity that is not acceptable in society, but occurs anyway. I'm saying that being homeless is equivalent (clearly). But people make decisions that we don't understand and so long as they aren't harming anyone, we don't have the power to change those decisions. What we can change however, is  how  rewarding or punishing something is. Example: if a homeless population is alcoholic, let them drink on the job. (okay maybe a bad example. a better idea would be to treat them for alcoholism first, but since many see treatment as a punishment, that's not going to happen either...)   Hm that went on for much longer than I intended.
1	WASD is the standard for PC gaming, right? you're ring finger is (it better be) on A in that situation with your index on D, it only makes sense to move them up one space to be on par with your middle finger so it'll be QWE instead of AWD.
1	I'm under the impression that Riot controls for these false reports. The same way that they weight the value of Honors based on different variables, they probably weigh the values of reports based on how often the plaintiff report people, how often the plaintiff is reported, or how many people the plaintiff reports when they do report people.   They might not, but Riot is actually pretty forward thinking when it comes to correcting for false data.
0	This is the girl I lost my virginity to despite the fact that I've not seen in her 15 years. She's kicking around the same six blocks she grew up in, dating what amounts to the same guy over and over again (think small town barflies). The guy she's been dating on and off again is extremely jealous of me because I've slept with her and I'm doing well in life, fairly attractive (I'm not beating girls off with a stick or anything, but I'm not some hideous troll living under a bridge...which is ironic now that I think about it b/c he was homeless for a while and living under a bridge), have traveled extensively and lived in some amazing places in the US with a really good life. The pattern is the same, she gets single and friend requests me, I accept b/c I genuinely like talking to her; we chat and flirt a little for a while; she starts dating him and then I notice I haven't talked to her in a few weeks and she's unfriended me; a month goes by, there's another friend request from her; rinse, lather and repeat. I don't particularly care either way, I find it amusing (and a pretty big ego stroke) that some guy I've never met is so jealous of me that he makes a girl I haven't seen in a decade and a half unfriend me b/c he's worried I'm going to come back and steal her.
0	You've received many words of encgouragement, but here's something else.   Last year I was super frustrated about never having been in a relationship. I spoke with a few of my friends and they had a unanimous agreement that you can't make it a mission or a task, to find a companion.   But I said fuck that! I took the best of both worlds.   Just be more aware and act like you have someone important. That way you'll be more friendly because there's no endgame. Every body becomes easy and fun to talk to. Stop thinking, I have to impress her or wondering what she thinks of you.   I was super into a friend of mine 3 years ago. We  just  got together and she's the best thing in my life.
0	Not everyone is XX or XY. There are other cases. You can have a monosomy of the X chromosome (Turner's syndrome means you have 1 X chromosome and that's it), and those children are always girls but have other issues. You can also have trisomies though. Trisomies of other chromosomes often cause much larger issues (Trisomy 21 is Down Syndrome and causes mental retardation, Trisomy 18 is Edward's Syndrome and usually causes death, Trisomy 13 is Patau's syndrome and usually causes death, most of the other trisomies will kill the fetus before birth), but the sex chromosomes are different. You can have an XYY baby boy with very little symptoms, or an XXY baby who usually has more ambiguous genitalia and more symptoms.  If you want to get really weird, there is a thing called a tetrasomy, which is 4 copies of the chromosomes instead of two. You can have babies with an XXYY karyotype and an XXXX karyotype.
1	Why do people still assume it's only your own teammates that does this?   Let be break it down to logic for you:   let's assume you're one of those people that says "omg my team is always filled with retards!!" or "omg my team never has full T3 runes" or "omg.. what the fuck ever"   if entire bronze is filled with "these people", then in theory, your team should consist of 4 x "these people" plus you. Enemy team should consist of 5 x "these people".   do you see the logic? if all bronze is filled with retards, then you're 4 retards+you vs 5 retards. every single game. if you're better than the "bronze retards" then you'll OBVIOUSLY have the advantage and win majority of games. winning majority of games climbs the ladder.   by this logic, the same should apply to the rune things. you don't have a higher chance of attracting the low runed people to your team than the enemy team. heck, you even have a less chance of getting one since you only got 4 spots to fill while enemy team got 5.
1	Champions people would like to see a victorious skin for (Janna and Elise not included):     Anivia   Annie   Akali   Ahri   Ashe   Caitlyn   Diana   Cassiopeia   Evelynn   Ezreal   Fiora   Irelia   Jinx   Karma   Katarina   Kyle   LeBlanc   Leona   Lissandra   Lulu   Lux   MF   Nami   Nidalee   Orianna   Poppy   Quinn   Riven   Sejuani   Shyvana   Sivir   Sona   Soraka   Syndra   Tristana   Vayne   Zyra     Champions with giant goddamn goblin ears:     Morgana   Evelynn   ...Soraka?
1	This post isn't fair. Of course with TSM playing bad there is going to be a lot of vitriol aimed at this team, and Dyrus is the the popular target for this very vocal minority.   I am a TSM supporter and don't think Dyrus should be bashed, they win and lose as a team. Everyone's performance has been subpar but it's freaking MSI. The results don't matter, and I am glad the team will be able to take a learning experience and prepare for worlds. (Think UoL in San Jose).   Now this will be my only post on the subject, but I will  continue to support Dyrus and the whole team, but I will avoid talking about TSM in the immediate future.
0	Have a second child if you want one, but don't have one to create a live in playmate for your first child. It doesn't work that way. Siblings fight. They fight a lot, over stupid shit that matters to no one else but them. In all likelihood they won't become friends until they're adults. Also consider that if your kid is 3 now and you guys begin a pregnancy immediately they will be 4 years apart. Add to that your hesitancy and the fact that we can't always conceive immediately and you're looking at more like 5 years apart in age. So one is at school all day while the other is at home. Older kid makes friends at school her own age and wants to play with them. Little one is jealous. Years later the little one is finally is old enough to attend school but now his/her big sister is in 5th grade and asking why she can't wear make-up 'cause all her friends do... Face it, they're not gonna be playmates.
0	The person that writes the article has a point. Read the comments that follow the article, there you can see the people that deserve your hate.   Comments like:  " You are paying for service "  - Then include a service charge or price the food higher.  " If you cant tip then cook at home " - I can tip if the service merits it, this tipping automatically is for the birds.  " The whole point of going to a restaurant where a server brings you your food is to pay extra for the extra customer service " - Wrong, I go to resturants for the food.  " your probably just mad because people at high end restaurants probably make as much as you and we don’t need degrees to do this " - Well lucky that you work at a place where the food is expensive and you live in a society that automatically tips 10-15%. If I go out and pay $600 for a meal with wine in a good resturant, does that merit 60-100 dollars extra just for the person that brought me my food. I would rather tip the kitchen for making an awesome meal.
1	Good Waveclear     Strong lvl 6 - wins most of all ins at lvl 6.     Gank and roam potentional     Good escape (also good for baits).     Charm.     True DMG on Q.     Her Passive.
1	Yeah dude! Also disable champs that you just bought recently for a few weeks in ranked so that you don't play him when you're bad with him. Shit, why not ban their use in normals since the players won't know what they're doing either!
0	I have an LA Fitness down the road. Shortly after I moved into my house, I realised the gym here closes at 5, so I went down to LAF to get a subscription. About a month and a half later I was hit by a car, and cracked my shoulder and injured my leg, so there was no real possibility of working out in my near future, so I called LAF and told them the situation. The person on the other end told me that instead of canceling, I could "suspend" my account, and pay $10 a month to keep it open until I'm ready to start going back, which seemed like an ok deal. Two months later I was still getting billed the full amount, at which point my card on file expired, and I thought maybe that would be that. Within a week of my next payment being "due" I was getting called five times a day by their billing department, and when I explained the situation to them they basically told me they wouldn't stop until I paid them more than twice my monthly payments, despite my having a deposit on file with them. It took threats of a lawsuit to get them to stop harassing me, and even then it was only when I presented proof that they were supposed to have suspended my account that they backed down.
1	Flat hp is more common yes, but it's a worse choice than Health regen.   Solo top is all about farming. While more health gives you more survivability it does not help you farm (and unless you get ganked that extra hp is "wasted"). Health regen on the other hand makes it easier for you to trade with the oponent and keeps you healthy enough to be able to farm/lane.
0	I had a customer, who was the biggest spoiled princess I'd ever met. She came in the store, interrupted my conversation with another customer, and demanded sweaters. Every piece of merchandise I offered her was something she already had at home. Instead of handing it back to me or placing it down on the table, she rolled up the sweaters into balls and chucked them back into the shelves. She also knocked down clothes from the hangers and didn't even stop to even consider picking them up. She also handed me her iPhone and told me to charge it while she shopped. When paying for her sweater at the end, she threw her credit card and her ID at me. She was Canadian  (from Ontario in LA), so I was a little surprised that she was so mean. Well, since her phone was still dead, she had to ask me for directions. I lead her straight to Skid Row.
1	When you don't reach this amount of placed wards in a game of a normal length, it says more about you than about the item.   I liked that part :) Otherwise yeah, I get your point. Otherwise you may wanna add a
0	Actually, constantly harping on druggies to quit makes it [harder to quit]( because you're ostracizing them and making them ashamed of themselves.   And the problem with telling fat people that they are unhealthy is that you have no idea what part of their fat journey they're on.  If they weigh 300 pounds, they may have already lost 100 pounds and someone mocking them for the remaining weight isn't helpful, it's hurtful.   People don't seem to realize that unhealthy food is purposefully made addictive so that people get hooked on it and addicted to it.  They inject things with fat, sugar, and salt for the purpose of making it difficult to stop eating it.  So in a sense, it should be treated like an drug addiction.   Unlike drug addiction, smoking, alcoholism, you can't tell why a fat person is fat.  You think you know, all you clever redditors, but you don't.  Top three contributors are health problems (preventing exercise), mental health problems (causing food addiction), and purposeful misdirection and misinformation from the people that are supposed to help you lose weight (the weight loss industry makes about $55b annually...but the obesity rates have been rising).
0	They have been caught doing it numerous times, every time it was an "overzealous salesman"
0	That's pretty condescending.  Unless you are over-analyzing a trivial amount of excess weight, there is no chance that the person carrying it is comfortably unaware of the problem.  I have been both fat and thin, and I can tell you that when you are living with a problem that needs correcting, you feel it every moment you are awake and sober.  Depending on the severity, it is accompanied by severe social anxiety, shame, depression, and disgrace due to the nagging idea that everyone you know is unsettled by your mere appearance, notwithstanding the constellation of psychical aches and incapacities that arise.  When your chest hurts after a flight of stairs, you damn well know why.   When you won't take your shirt off at the beach, you damn well know why.  Any one you speak to might deny it, but there isn't a single fat guy out there who doesn't know his "chronic back pain" would be greatly relieved if he dropped 100 pounds.   And you hate yourself more every time you choose to act in denial of all these problems by shoving more junk food into your face over and over.  But that often seems like all you can do, once you get to the point where you realize that eating is the only physical experience you have any hope of enjoying today.   So when some smug white knight makes a point of insulting a person with a real weight problem with the HOPE of making him  more  uncomfortable, (and thinks he will change a life by revealing the astounding secret that you should eat vegetables instead of cookies and cut back on soda), the only thing that he will motivate is a new flare-up of self-loathing, or an increased hatred for interacting with people whatsoever.
0	Semi-related story. A group of friends and I are driving down a dark highway at night in a long trip. Without warning a deer jumps out in front of the car and we hit him. The impact was enough to smash the bumper, hood and windshield and to set off the airbags. Pulled the car over to check the damage and make sure everybody was alright. The guy sitting in the passenger seat opens the door and drops to the ground in the fetal position.  Fearing great injury we run to find out what's wrong. He looked up just as we hit the deer and tried to put his hands up to brace for impact. The airbag deployed throwing his hands back down causing him to punch himself in the nuts with incredible force.
1	I have always been bothered by trolls in games, until I played and won my first troll game.   We got into a game and at least two of my teammates weren't co-operating, two people called jungle, picked smite as summoner and refused to change.  In response, my friend who I queued with also picked smite... I followed suite and all of a sudden we have four smites, five revives and one promote (it turned out our anivia was a veteran troll and knew that promote would be necessary to push when we finally decided to stop ganking and go all mid)   We started by invading and smiting their blue to death.  We picked up first blood and another kill or two as well, then we ran around ganking, pushing lanes when necessary and stealing every buff with our superior smite coverage.   We ended up winning that game.  I had the best K/D/A score as jungle Zilean, and my friend was a close second with jungle twitch.  Needless to say, it was one of the funnest games I've played on LoL, and the only ones upset about our trolling were the enemy team.  Sometimes people troll, but if the whole team makes the unspoken pact to troll together... magic happens.
1	That's what I have problems with. Because not only are you being disrespectful to the troll, you are doing so to your teammates as well. A simple "please report x for trolling" in all chat would suffice.   Unfortunately trolls start problems by being rude. Then more people join in, because somehow telling the troll they are an asshole is going to make things better. Why do you have to express your opinion about their behavior. If they are having a bad game, you're being the troll and jumping down somebody's throat for something they fully know is going on and are trying to fix, usually pushing them even further on tilt. If they are trolling, they are doing what they do specifically to get the reaction you are giving.
1	Personally, when I started ranked I thought that I would climb the ladder and find reasonable and nice people to play with. However, my dreams were shot down when I realized that no matter how hard I tried, I would always lose to my own team. Trolls, Feeders, and ragers alike would just ruin it for me. People who care way too much about elo, and say the worst things really got to me. I decided I would just play normal drafts from now on, as I just can't give a shit for dealing with the anger and toxic environment of ranked. Yes, I get the occasional leaver, troll, or rager but it isn't every game that that happens.
0	Protip: Honking your horn is not for letting somebody know they did something wrong or illegal or dangerous. It is only to be used to prevent an immediate threat of collision.
1	I feel somewhat qualified to answer your post as I have 90 support Zyra games in season 3, 60 wins 30 losses with a top elo of 1850 in NA.   Support Zyra was pretty much completely broken in soloqueue before this nerf.  The main reason for this was actually because of her passive.  It allowed you to play far more aggressively than Zyra's skill set indicated.  Even though Zyra has no escape spells and is easily one of the squishiest champions in the game, you could aggressively zone your opponents in bot lane knowing that even if you got ganked, your opponents had a high chance of dying because of the huge true damage nuke or at the very minimum they would be unable to take advantage of your deaths.   My strategy with Zyra was essentially this.  I would buy one ward and boots + 2 pots (pre item changed) or flask and faerie charm one ward and some pots depending on matchup.  Then I would proceed to only ward against the opposing support in the bot lane bushes and just try to hit snares.  While doing this, I rarely looked at the minimap or tried to time my aggression with where the jungler should be because it literally didn't matter.  I would either hit a snare resulting in one or two kills for myself or my AD carry, or we would get ganked and I would die, taking the opposing AD or Support with me which would make it a 1 for 1.  And then occasionally nothing would ever happen and I would massively outscale the opposing support.   A champion that is nearly impossible to snowball against while having an incredibly strong late game makes for a pretty broken champion.   The main difference that the nerfs made are the reduced projectile speeds and the reduced projectile width of the passive.  Before these nerfs, it was entirely possible to land a max range snare while dying and it was pretty much inescapable even with level one snare.  Now, it's much easier to dodge the snare, much easier to dodge the passive, and the damage is a lot less likely to kill.  So Zyra went from snowball proof to normal and a lot more fair to play against.
0	At one point I was concerned that I was pregnant. I do not want children, and I use multiple forms of birth control, I'm just REALLY unlucky.   So, I did my research on abortions to see what I might be getting into. That was the most horrific thing I had ever read. The fact that people willingly go through something so violating is horrifying.   It doesn't help that, at one point, I was forced to have sex by my ex, so I can't be touched by most people anywhere below my waist. I can't imagine how someone gets raped then goes and chooses to be violated again to remove the baby from the rape. It's just so horrifying and terrible, my heart goes out to them.   Edit: Yes, yes, I forgot, how dare I feel violated by the idea of someone opening up my cervix and removing something from my body. I mean, my personal opinions are totally terrible and wrong, just like everyone else's in this thread.   No, it's not going to be violating for everyone, but for ME? It would have been. For me reading about it sent me into a panic attack. For me, getting my papsmear was one of the more painful experiences of my life, so I KNOW how much getting an abortion would hurt. .   Edit Part 2: Yes, yes, you all are all high and mighty for me having a personal issue with getting an abortion because I was raped. Thank you, you have made that VERY clear. I am pro-choice, have no issues with people getting abortions but again, I can't be touched below the waist because I have issues with that PERSONALLY.
1	carries aren't building enough penetration early enough.   Randuins is nullified if it's against a marksman with a Last Whisper and a Blade of the Ruined King whereas a marksman with Blood Thirster and Phantom Dancer is going to have a bad day.
0	I have a harsher opinion of fat people who let their kids eat the same junk that gave everyone in their family diabetes. At least being grossly fat impedes fertility, while smoking limits pregnancy prevention options (a woman who smokes puts herself at risk of blood clots if she takes birth control pills).
1	the main reason i dont really watch  eu lcs games are because of the casters to me they are straight boring.
0	Your HR rep lied to you.  They work for a private company, a private company trying to keep you from filing a lawsuit. It's not if you're white they fail to back you up, it's because there's never enough evidence.  Document it and file it, and they will back you up.
0	Gelatin is a derivative of collagen. Collagen is a connective tissue in animals (and one of if not the most common protien in animals). Thus collagen is harvested from the bones and connective tissue of animals (most infamously the hoofs of horses/cows/pigs). Basically it comes from stuff you'd normally eat anyway with the exception of bone. However do to the economic properites of each of the body parts its typically harvested from bone, hooves, horns, and so forth. Additionally animal skins are a huge source of collagen.
0	I have 20 minutes until I have to go. So here's a short *Apologia" of "old dead books."   We are not merely inheriting a set of skills, but an entire cultural tradition. "Old dead books" represent some of the biggest ideas of the culture behind us and knowing them helps us understand how we arrived in the world today.   Literary analysis is a superior way than merely focusing on "grammar and composition" (though that is likewise important) because it requires attention to the  ideas  which form the society we see around us today. And we see it argued in ways beyond purely logical arguments (after all, we don't live in a world where arguments are made only by logical statements!).   For example, take T.S. Eliot's  The Wasteland . It's a poem which reflects the perceived complete breakdown of order post-war. It reflects post-war nihilism. But it doesn't just  say  it. The poem itself is disjointed. The narrator is insane and identifies with a multitude of impossible illusions and persons. The poem just doesn't SAY that the idea that there can never be perfect communication between SIGNIFIER and SIGNIFIED has rocked Greco-Roman/ Christian assumptions of the universe which have been a staple of Western Civilization for centuries, Eliot SHOWS it through the structure of the poem which is highly complex, rich with cultural allusion, and disjointed AS WELL as through the content-- the bodies on the bridge appearing like dead people, the pollution and corruption of sexualities, the loss of fertility in the characters, the turning to Tarot cards and quack spirituality of the protagonist, etc.   In this way, literature attunes us not merely to arguments but nuance, cultural ideas, and the world not only "of the mind" but "of the mind of the past." We are challenged to enter others' points of view and  imagine  what it may have been like in that post-war period in England where every intellectual foundation one had relied upon seemed to be falling apart.   Finally, read some of the best "composition" out there. The most influential arguments-- The Declaration of Independence or John Milton's "Areopagitica" arguing for freedom of the press. They're not bereft of cultural and literary allusion! Far from it! Their assumptions are GIANTS in the Western tradition but studying literature is one of the  WAYS  we see the development of those ideas living and breathing (and in that way, it's probably a bit ironic you call the books "dead").     We see criticism of the American Dream in  The Great Gatsby .     We see a response to American racism and prejudice in "Huck Finn" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"     We see rationalism, atheism, and "realism" in the post-Civil war period in Stephen Crane's short story "The Open Boat".     We see what the Transcendetal movement is all about in Thoreau and Whitman.       (Sorry I'm using all American examples! But I hope you get the point.)   These things are not antithetical to composition and grammar but  understanding  them and arguing for them is a way in which we can practice our rhetorical skills and our grammar and composition through refining said argument.   Is this done perfectly? No. Unfortunately, too many teachers use multiple-choice plot-based test for their literature courses. I think it is best that they be taught in conjunction with written and spoken arguments (and spoken arguments unfortunately have been much ignored, lots of people cannot articulate an argument).   With attention, and increased weight given to, standardized testing (at least in the United States), it's becoming a bit more difficult to move away from the standardized test model. That, rather than the study of literature, is more of an enemy to a good understanding of composition and good argumentation.
0	There are stray animals all over my city. The pound is overrun with them and they're asking city officials for more money to take them all in so they don't have to put them down (sigh). I walk every morning, and not a week goes by that some scraggly mutt comes walking up behind me and just follows me. At least the cats run off into the bushes.
0	Allowed some kid to punch me several times while I was asking "Are you done yet, cause I am not fighting you". Still got suspended for fighting even though I never threw a punch or even defended myself. I showed up to school everyday and was told to leave, just went to class anyway and told the VP to leave me alone cause I did nothing wrong.
0	I was in class a week ago and we had a small assignment due that day. The class is maybe about 30 students with about half showing up daily. This guy who I had never seen before comes in 30 minutes into a 50 minute class and ask if the assignment had been turned in. I told him no. He then asks if I could turn it in for him. I don't even say no I glare at him. He then asks the person next to me and they relent and agree to turn it in. He in turn leaves immediately. I look at the name on the assignment it is the name of a girl in the class who only shows up during exams. I internally flip shit what a lazy bitch. /endrant
1	Usually buffs are an aura or something around the hands and debuffs are easily spotted. Examples: Stun has the swirl, Silence has the speech bubble, slow has a yellow trail.   Exhaust used to look like a birdcage which I admit looked kinda weird but it was better than the new one.   When you're being buffed, ur either running away or engaging. Since you have that one goal, you don't need to focus on what's being thrown at you, because you're winning, you only gave the intention to stop or give up if the target is far away or you get bursted down.   When you're being debuffed, you need to see it so you can tell if you're going to kill, run , bait, kite, or die. If you can't see a debuff easily, its harder to run or fight. You need to see buffs and debufds clearly to see the outcome of a fight, chase, or disengage.
0	He's excited. He's found something that makes him happy. Think of it this way. As Christians we are taught to believe that Jesus is always there for us. He's found someone  who loves him unconditionally, will never turn his back on him, someone he can count on. Someone who he can turn to when a problem arises. There's love, grace & mercy. And he's probably never had it like that before. As Christians, we are told to spread the message, make disciples, share our love of the Lord. You're his friend & he wants you to experience that joy along with him. Just be excited for him, & support him. You can even let him know that it's a bit annoying bc you're not into it the way he is but, you're glad he's found something that makes him happy. However, I will say that if he's condemning,  judging,  or telling you that your a horrible person bc you don't think the same then he's completely missing the point.
1	Correct but the charges were put in place of its absurdly low to non-existent cooldown. I'm sorry I'm being such a dick about this but it's literally almost the same thing if not weaker (the mechanics stayed the same but now you have to build up charges == no more spamming it). A lot of people were calling it a nerf.
0	Sigh... I'll bite. I don't support gay marriage. I oppose gay marriage. I am not Christian. I am not religious. I don't hate gay people. I actually live in a very gay neighborhood. I don't advertise my opinion, of course, because it's a very dangerous opinion to have; it can lead to social ostracization if you're in an academic environment, as I am. This danger is part of what leads me to oppose it. Gay marriage threatens to legitimize and make abhorrent an opinion and a way of thinking that has prevailed for a very long time. If on this forum people are afraid to say what they think, imagine how people act in real life when you start congratulating each other for the effortless, too-simple act of declaring your support for gay marriage. What a terrific burden you put on those who disagree with you to prove they are not bigots. Better to herd into little groups of comfortable opinion. Liberals are no better than conservatives in this respect.   You might say, 'So what? It's a good thing that people are ostracized and stigmatized for being against gay marriage. It's just as it should be: people should be stigmatized for being racist and segregationist, too. Our grandchildren will look back and shake their heads at our intransigence, our moral callousness. How could we have not seen the obviously morally right thing to do?' Will they say that? Is it so obvious? Are you so comfortable comparing marriage to civil rights and basic equality?   Apparently you are, but I'm not. I'm not satisfied with Louis CK-style glibness over the inconsequential nature of this social change. But I come armed with more than feeling. Marriage is not a right. Our government, our political order is built upon the recognition of basic, natural rights-- life, liberty, property. Property, called pursuit of happiness in the Declaration, includes your person, everything that is yours, not only your physical but your mental property. Among this the founders thought religious belief was the most important; today, this is less true and we might esteem sexual or racial identity. That these are protected means that you cannot be compelled to change them, but you also can't force them on anyone else. It would even be fine to have a state (not national) religion, as long as nothing was compelled against an individual's conscience. Marriage would be included among these kinds of things, even though it has not at all been controversial, until recently.   Marriage is not an arrangement that exists by nature. It is conventional. But it is also, in a sense, pre-political, in that it represents the family unit that predates civil society. Civil society looks at us as individuals, fully invested with rights, but obviously we are not born capable of participating as equals in civil society and so need some kind of rearing within a family. Family structures have always been given the greatest air of sacredness because they are fundamental to the preservation of civil society: they make the next generation of people capable of living as functioning human beings who balance their own and their family's good against the common good. In America we have always recognized and privileged the institution of the family for these very reasons.   It does not HAVE to be one man and one woman, and it has not always been that way. The most common arrangement has probably been some form of polygamy. But in modern civilization we have hit upon the monogamous family, as sanctioned by Christianity and approved by the state, as the most advantageous and admirable arrangement. It is the fundamentally pre-political arrangement within our common life; it is not something bestowed by the state onto individuals living within the state. Gay marriage is fully paradigmatic of the latter, and so is very different from traditional marriage.   And so, because I do not believe it is a right, and it has never been a right, I do not think anyone's rights are being violated when marriage is restricted to the traditional definition. I think it is a silly, pointless issue that people waste a lot of emotional energy on and then get to feel self-righteous because they took the easy and comfortable position that makes them feel warm inside. So fuck off, I'm never voting for it, it's stupid, and if my grandchildren tell me I'm a bigot I'll tell them to get off my lawn and stop wearing such tight/baggy jeans.   Edit:
1	Of course he predicts CLG to win, the rivalry between C9 and TSM is pretty real. C9 used to be the topdog and want their spot back, so seeing TSM lose would obviously make them happy.   He knows as well as anyone that TSM is more likely to end the season #1 than CLG is, but hey, maybe this year is different, who knows.
0	As the parent of a child who suffers permanent mental damage from complications from a vaccine I strongly advise people with young children to ensure their child is completely healthy before getting a vaccine. Even then, only give your child one set of vaccines at a time and space them out about a month apart.  There is no justification for giving a child more than 3 vaccines at a time.  Consider that each common vaccine, MMR and DPT, are three combined vaccines.  Each year there are thousands of children permanently damaged, physically and mentally, from the complications from vaccines.  My advice to all parents is that if your doctor insists on having a series of vaccinations all at once, he/she doesn't trust you to come back and complete the vaccination series.  Your doctor should trust you to have your child's best interests and respect that you only want to give your child the vaccines one at a time and when he/she is healthy.  Trust goes two ways.  And btw, It's not Jenny's fault people are sheep and don't do their own research.
1	I disagree here. Adding Alex Ich might be expensive up front, but it would more than likely pay dividends in the long run. Alex isn't just an experienced mid laner - he's a renowned world class mid laner, assuming he hasn't fallen off since he played with gambit.   I think link is good, but his potential™ upside is still less than Alex's résumé. Considering the likelihood that such a substitution would be a marked improvement, the probability of CLG making and progressing at worlds likewise improves.   Combine that with the fact that Alex has an established international fan base that likely doesn't coincide exactly with that of doublelift, and it's likely that in addition to any fans they gain from future successes they'll have a built in number of fans upon picking up Alex. This is really only important when considering merchandizing, but since investment in a player is the concern here, I think that's in the top two priorities for such a signing (with the other being the ability to be relevant in the world stage).
0	For those curious, it went down like this. She went to visit him, said she was going out with friends and it would be a late night. Apparently she got out of bed with him at 4am and texted that she loves me. 8am I text back I love you too. She panicked and was trying to delete it quick, since they were having breakfast, told him I was a cousin or something. Eventually came kind of clean and I was awoken to both of them texting me from her number. Eventually me and the other guy started texting and comparing notes on things.   The whole thing was a bit more complicated, but that is the
0	Wow, man. Thanks! I agree with what you're saying, and I'm not just saying that because you gave me gold!   It's always a disappointment to me when the OP doesn't post useful links/backstory/explanation/etc. on these types of "awareness" posts, but then it's like a double disappointment when everybody else is just crapping all over OP instead of posting useful resources themselves.
0	Had a friend who dared me to "flick off" another friend at the lunch table.  So, as the cool 5th grader that I was, I did the nonchalant middle finger rubbing the eye trick.  Little did I know, my annoying childhood friend had already told the very meanest lunchlady of my endeavors. I had to sit at the "red light" table for a week.
0	Hey man, really sorry to hear about your situation. I literally went through almost the same exact scenario over a month ago. Girlfriend who I had been with for a while ended up getting back together with her psycho Ex. She had been acting fishy and showing very strange signs for a couple weeks, but then she would do random things which made me seriously doubt anything was going on. She even wrote me a 4 page hand written note telling me how much she wanted to be with me and wanted a future with me. Turns out less than a week later, I find out she has been hanging out and sleeping with her ex for some time. How you may ask? My musician friend recently started a new project and was looking for some female vocals to accompany him, she had been a singer in a few bands and I knew that's what she loved so I begged my friend to give her a shot. Turns out about 5 sessions in she showed up to the studio with her ex and strait up told my friend, she had no remorse, she did not even care at all. I tried to call her and talk to her about it and she flat out told me I was "bothering her" and eventually hung up. Point is, there are some people out there, who are just completely selfish and hold no loyalty to anyone. As heartbreaking as it is for you right now, you need to move on. Throw away everything that holds any tie to her, and under no circumstances ever talk to her again, even if she begs you. People like this do not deserve anyone who treat them with respect or care. Keep your chin up, be thankful that you did not waste more of your life or time with someone who is capable of something like that. Nobody deserves that and trust me you can do plenty better. Get out there and have new experiences, try new things, meet new people, and move on with your life. If there is one thing my situation taught me it is self respect. There were alot of times I let "warning signs" slide and went out of my way to try to please her and make her happy. Last thing before I go, if a girl talks about her ex alot, mentions him in fond ways, or EVER suggests hanging out with him put your foot down. It is NEVER ok, I don't hang out with my Ex's and neither should anyone else's SO. Anyway, best of luck to you dude, your young, you have so much ahead of you, look forward to it and embrace a new chapter.
0	I had something like this happen to me when I was younger. I was back on shore after surfing at this beach on a military base on Oahu. As I was wrapping my leash around my surfboard I felt a tug around my leg. Before I was about to do a kick I heard a child's voice yelling "DADDY!!" I stopped myself kicking and ultimately throwing this kid into the sand. I then saw this middle aged  women  woman  and she said "sorry." She told the little boy "no daddy is gone. He's fighting the terrorist." But the little boy didn't want to let go. The boy kept yelling "DADDY!" I didn't know what to do. Finally the kid goes back to building his sandcastle. It was an awkward and sad feeling wrapped up in one.
1	Teemo is an extremely fun to play champ that punishes bruisers  who don't know how to play.   This is the keyword righ here. Teemo is a squishy champ that relies on kiting to do his damage, bruisers and AD casters will wreck him if he doesn't know how how to kite, eg. if he stays in range of Riven RIP, Pantheon/Talon beat him 9/10 times, and bruisers with gapclosers can usually burst him down early and snowball on him (Irelia/Jax). Also playing Olaf and storming him with ult+ghost+axes is so funny - mad viking running after a little rat and throwing axes - run Teemo run.
0	I'm struggling with this, all through uni I would procrastinate and put things off and it made me feel so shitty about myself. I managed to graduate and I moved into a flat with my boyfriend, working full time and had a kitten, things were looking up. In January I found out he had been lying to me about everything, lost my job, lost the flat and were now seperated. Everything is in my name and it turns out nothing was ever paid. I'm being chased for money I don't have because I'm on unemployment. My parents blamed me for fucking up and are calling me lazy and disgusting. There's nothing I can do. I've gotten fat and I'm covered in stretch marks. I wanted to go to the gym and work out but I have no money, I'm trying to walk places and see people but I usually end up sat on my own in my room on reddit or pinterest or twitter.   Sorry about the wall of text, feeling like shit tonight.
0	When I was in the Navy we would go to all these awesome places. We would talk for the months we were at sea about the awesome food we would eat when we would hit port. Ship food is the worst. So when we would get where ever we were going; Spain, Italy, Greece, etc etc, all I could think about was going find different local establishments. But there is always that one asshole in the group who will only eat McDonalds.   We were in Portugal and I found this one place off the beaten path. The owner was super excited to have a bunch of Americans in. So we look at the menu and none of us can really read it, so he tells us he's just going to bring out a bit of everything. The food starts flowing and it is amazing. Dish after dish of local Portuguese food. I didn't and still don't know half of what I was eating, but it was super good. The owner was just taking great care of us. It was an awesome experience. One of the absolute best meals ive ever had. About 20 min in to the meal this 40 year old first class is pretty drunk and starts bitching that there isn't a cheeseburger on the menu and how that's the only thing he would eat. He keeps asking the owner to make him one. And just being a dick. I finally had enough and stepped way out of my rank and blew up on the guy. I basically made him go wait outside. Every time I hear people bitch about Americans over seas I think of this guy.   Fuck you HT1 Martin.
1	As an old lock screener... DONT. It makes things so much easier if you have it unlocked.  Map awareness, skill placement, heck even just walking is so much easier.   To break yourself of the habit, try keeping your thumb on spacebar with the screen unlocked unless you are moving it somewhere, this will keep it centered on your champ.  eventually you will get used to it, and it will help A TON
0	This is funny because awhile ago I was in Seattle hanging out at the UW and I had just missed my bus home, at the school. So what I did was I went into an all out sprint to the otherside of the U-District to try to reach the final stop of the bus before it hit the freeway. So I'm running in the rain, feeling pretty badass that I've caught up to the bus, when this little old lady needs help across the street. The wind was picking up and the rain was thundering down on the two of us, and instead of sprinting up to catch the bus... I helped the little old lady across the street, guiding her with her walker.   I missed the bus, waited an hour for another bus that I could take. Got a hug from a little old lady.   It doesn't seem like much, but I happy that I did it.
0	I absolutely agree.  My first job out of college was working 10 hour nights in a big name car insurance company claims call center.  This meant that I went in at 8:00, ate lunch sometime around 1 in the morning by myself in the huge and empty cafeteria, and took my last call around 6:30 in the morning.  About 15 of us would take all calls for the entire United States.   I have never before or since been in a position to listen to such a diversity of problems.  I could get a sobbing call from someone who just lost their husband in an accident, an angry one from a guy who's BMW got scratched 5 years ago, and then a dirty one from some guy who was just waiting for a female voice to jack off to, all in the same couple of hours.   There were so many rules about what we could and could not say.  I remember telling a few families stuck at airports that, "Yes, our agent did say that we would have a rental for you," and, "No, I'm sorry that the booth is saying they have no record of this.  No, there isn't anything I can do.  Yes, I know it's 4:30 in the morning in Tulsa.  I'm very sorry."  I once apologized to someone who called me, "a fucking retarded bitch cunt" for not immediately knowing what time it was in Alaska and whether or not our branch office was open.  Hell, I once apologized to someone for apologizing too much.  All of our calls were recorded and listened to.  We would get points for call speed, following the rubric, intonation, and empathy.  We had to time all of our breaks.  A stopwatch around the neck was a regular bathroom accompaniment.   I came home exhausted, slept through as much of the day as I could, and maybe saw friends or family twice a month when I could flip my sleep schedule a little bit.  There were calls that would stick with me that I would play over and over in my head instead of going to sleep.  Could I have helped them more?  Did I say the right thing to make them feel better after a life shattering accident?  I wonder if they got the payout that they were supposed to get?  Did I say anything that will get myself into trouble with my supervisor again?   There were people I worked with who were going to college or raising kids or both and I have the utmost respect for them, but I could not continue this job.  I struggled with whether or not I was overreacting about how bad the job really was for 8 months and finally called it quits for my sanity.  I did end up staying an extra week to help cover the phones after Hurricane Sandy.   My mother is still upset with me for quitting, but to be honest, I don't think she really understands how awful it was for me.  Quitting is not something I ordinarily do, but in this case, it was like waking up after a long and fitful sleep.  I saw my friends again.  I saw the sun regularly again.  I was amazed at how happy being in the sun made me feel.  I now appreciate mornings and wake up regularly around 6:30 just to watch the day unfold.   I work at an ice cream store now and make people happy every day.  The hourly pay is about half of the call center job, but I feel like a real human being again.  It's worth it.
1	I do what is best for my team. And I main support, but if no one calls to be adc, I almost never go support. It usually means I am stuck in a lane babysitting a person who has no idea what they are doing.   If that is the case, and I am first pick, I go chogath and I say top or jungle, as honestly, he is a great pick in both positions.   I try not to be adc, because I do not do well in the role, I don't want to burden my support player to either have a boring game, or to possibly do badly.
0	Your brain cells are incredibly interconnected, through a process that happens from about 2 weeks gestation until about 24 months after birth.  This period is where your brain maps your senses, creates reward pathways and figures out how to control your body.  Just sticking new cells into a damaged area is no guarantee that any of those connections would ever be made again.
1	I think a lot of the reason there's such conformity in league is that unlike starcraft, your game is not purely dependent on your play. As many of us can attest, in the lower ELO games, even if you do everything right, you can easily have a team of people who dont have the brainpower to breathe and use a computer at the same time. (I know, getting to 1400+ means carrying the team. I just dont understand how one is supposed to carry a team that picked three carries before your turn to pick rolls around.)   When I see a master yi rushing malady after demanding solo mid, I don't think "what an interesting and unexpected build. Maybe he tries to use his ult to get up close and hit them a few times, then alpha strike for massive damage on the decreased MR. Clever, they wont expect that." I think "oh god, he has no idea what he's doing, and the cookie-cutter Annie on the other side is going to CRUSH him, and go on to CRUSH the rest of our team." and on a day when I've already had a few sore losses, I'm not very inclined to be supportive to our dear alternate-build Yi.   In starcraft, if you want to do something absurd or off the wall, nobody suffers other than you if it goes horrendously wrong (barring team matches; but the majority of competitive starcraft seems to be focused on 1v1 rather than 2v2 etc.)
0	When my first child was born, a nurse was getting my consent for all the usual evaluations and immunizations.   When she got to the newborn  immunizations, I said, "No, we don't believe in immunizations".   I swear I could see flaming tire tracks in front of her mouth as she bit off what she was about to say.   While laughing, I then said, "Sorry, I'm kidding... Please, use modern science to protect my baby from dread diseases."   She still wasn't happy with me, and I did NOT make that joke with the next kid.
0	There's a series of links at the bottom of the post.  "Why?", "More Info", and a pair of AMAs.
1	A study sponsored by the video hosting website MyVideo estimated that 61.5% of the 1000 most viewed YouTube clips are blocked in Germany. This is significantly higher than, for example, in the United States (0.9%) or in Switzerland (>1%).
1	Where did all of these words come from in my mouth?   I didn't call you a liar, and in fact I said it was likely that it was a smurf, or if it wasn't a smurf, then you were a liar. Note the flexibility of the statement, in that it doesn't directly call you a liar, but provides the possibility of you  being a liar as the information you gave does not support your claim. It doesn't say that there isn't one, and I actually suggested that it was a smurf account, which would have not made you a liar(but still possibly were, depending on the rank of your unprovided main, for example if your main had 500 games, but you were d3 would satisfy the requirements of this being your smurf, but you still being a liar) so no, I did not call you a liar. Nor did I tell you what to do. I asked who you are.   Now since you love to talk about labeling, your entire second part was inflammatory and directly labeling based on completely unfounded assumptions.   Let's compare.   You claimed to be D1, and posted two accounts that aren't D1, meaning your claim was not supported. I said you're either a liar or those accounts are smurfs, though them being smurfs wouldn't necessarily make you not a liar. Nothing about that was unfounded. Nothing about it was false. Based on the information provided, there is the potential for you to be telling a lie. Your response was to bitch about me calling you a liar (which I didn't do) and then to declare that I must be a moron, and a jungle blamer, as well as a ragey person that flames others. Do you act this way in game? Are your accounts smurfs, or were they banned with that attitude?
1	You have to play well. I used to be stuck around 1200-1400, but I kept playing, stopped blaming bad teammates and tried to analyze my playing. I got passed 2k, and I have played on a couple of my friends' accounts who are really low, at least 900. These games are incredibly easy to win. Someone on your team is feeding? If you're better the person being fed, you should still be able to pull off a win.   If your score is barely even, you shouldn't complain about losing. A lot of the time sitting in your lane and farming with the occasional kill on your opponent won't be enough. You have to make plays, spam the ping if you have to. There will be the times where things get out of hand and you simply can't win, but it's usually possible.   Call me cocky or whatever, but I feel solo queue is incredibly easy until I get around 2000, my main elo being 2200. If you're losing a majority of your games, you are probably around your correct elo and should probably stop blaming your teammates etc and focus on yourself. Sounds harsh but there's probably several things you could have done better in those games to win.   Another thing: stop playing champs that are widely accepted to be "overpowered" Right now, this means if you think first picking champs that you're bad at like Warwick and Morgana will help you win, chances are they won't. Try to play your actual best champs.
0	Do you even actually know what an AR-15 is...?   While it was originally designed as a military rifle, any civilian-owned version is most likely classified as a sporting or hunting rifle - yes, even in Canada and all of those perfectly sane European countries, it is legal to own an AR-15 if you are a target shooter, a collector, or just want something flashier than a pistol in case some guy breaks in wanting to rape your TV and steal your wife (or if you are a professional demon-hunter. That is, an Australian animal culler).
1	Because we didn't focus on getting a final shot of the UI, but more on giving an idea.
1	For off the cuff power ranking analysis?  It's probably not the worst stat to use, since it does do a simple job at showing how effective players are at being involved in kills, and how good they are at avoiding deaths--of course, these aren't always optimal strategies for winning, if you can charge in and suicide to guarantee that two team members get away, you will have a worse KDA and a higher game impact.   Honestly, if you really wanted to get accurate stats, you need to narrow down your search.  Instead of "who is the best jungler?", something like "who is the best midlane Gragas player before 25:00 minutes?"  "Best Jungler" may be the worst role to evaluate quantitatively, since it's such a dynamic role with a hard-to-define game impact.   Of course, the difficulty in quantifying any stat is that almost every stat is going to affected by win rate than it will be affecting it.  Being on the winning side of a game will drive up GPM, KDA, CSpM, etc.  And some stats that might show that you have a large game impact--for example, %kill involvement([k+a]/team kills), will have a negative correlation.  The only real way that League is gonna be able to quantify and correlate stats to game impact is when there is a lot more information on replacements (ie will adding this jungler cause your win rate to go up or down), and even that disregards things like team chemistry or improvement of other players on the team.   Of course, i'm not a statistician, so you don't really need to listen to me.
0	ITT: A bunch of people who like to psychoanalyze OP and call him an asshole and a bully.   Honestly, dude? I don't blame you. I've had similar experiences with bullies finding me on facebook and asking for a friend request. Just because we had to put up with them in High School doesn't mean you have to put up with them now, and doesn't mean they're good people either. It's your life, your facebook.   Hell, they might be the nicest person in the world right now, maybe they completely changed their ways. Or, maybe they haven't completely changed and instead they added you so they could check up on where you ended up in life, looking through your profile so they could try to find flaws in your current life that they could (to themselves) mock and feel better about themselves. Either way, you'll probably never know, because you'll most likely never encounter that person face-to-face again. Even if you did, at best would be a short cordial conversation that ends with an awkward goodbye and offer to hang out sometime that will never be fullfilled.
1	Psychology is a real thing in competition that's why nearly all professionals trash talk, they say that during the Bulls championship reign with Michael Jordan that him and Scotty Pippen were the two best defenders at that time, their coach gave Michael the edge because he was so verbally offensive to players, it's rumored he said mugsy bogg during a game winning shot "shoot it you fuckin' midget" and didn't even guard him, mugsy cites this as the downfall of his career he never came back after that...famed point guard destroyed from a single comment, it's all psychology
1	In s1 I decayed from 1898 elo to something in bronze range (as that's the icon I ended with) from not playing.   In s3 on my smurf I decayed from plat5 to silver 2.
0	I am an American living in Vietnam and I face racism everyday, it really sucks ass.  I go out with my girlfriend and people, mostly men, give me dirty looks and really can make you feel shitty and angry.  My girlfriend over heard them the other day say, "she is beautiful, so he must be rich.  That's the only reason she is with him." Then continue to say more humiliating things as we are sitting right next to them. They talk shit about me in Vietnamese and I can't understand and basically just hate me because of the color of my skin.  My girlfriend on the other hand can hear the whole thing and is basically just being disrespected at full volume to about 10 other people.  This is just one on many stories.  At the end the day though I just try and remember that if they don't like me fuck em.   I know it's different perhaps than the racism that people experience in other countries like the US, but it still sucks a lot.  Just to have someone hate you even though they know nothing about you.  They form a preconceived notion based on what they have heard and it's total bullshit.  It's really the first real racism I have ever felt and I experience it everyday.   I guess all I am trying to say is, racism sucks no matter what.  People are getting mad that a white person experiences racism because perhaps it's not as bad as what someone else feels they have experienced. I think we just need to unite together and say, fuck racists pricks and racism sucks no matter how you experience it.   And that's all I have to say about that
0	Plenty of people will see the initial post, and hopefully, some of them will see my post, and decide to look up the correct answers.   We should give you a Nobel Peace Prize too, all that effort you put into helping others.
1	To everyone against atma's bonus damage being displayed in game,   are you also against the charpane showing total AP or AD?  i mean, it's "simple math" to add up all your item's bonus AP/AD, add it to your base, add in your runes and masteries, and add in your ap/ad per level for your character.   and, you shouldn't need to see how much gold you've gained, either, right?  it's "simple math" to add in the gold from last hits and turrets and baron/dragon and champion kills.
1	The general populous will never become remotely skilled at this game. Your only job is to learn how to carry in literally every role. I was jungling earlier today, and I was expected to gank on mid as they were over extending, and keeping the enemy pushed back past their turret. I was blamed for not doing that gank.
0	Actually, you can't relate.   Yes I can.   >she has significant hearing loss. You need someone to face you and speak clearly? That's cute. She needs to turn the television up loud enough that you can hear it in the front yard.   So do I. I wear headphones when I listen to series or movies because I don't want to bother my neighbours. Especially the dvds/blurays as of late I need to turn up ridiculously loud. Not because I need that kind of volume to hear a normal voice - I need it to distinguish the voice from the other sounds that are playing all the time.   You really don't seem to grasp the concept of being hearing impaired. It's not a binary volume problem. Yes, turning up the volume can help, but it's the worst solution. If I had the choice, I would turn down every kind of audio expect dialogue during conversations - not boost the volume of everything so much that the dialogue starts overpowering the rest.   And you think this is just me? That your  grandma  mother-in-law is so different and just acts like that to annoy you? Try talking clearly, not more loudly. I bet you have never tried. I bet you have never even considered that that is a possibility.   You know how brains make a picture look just as bright when less light enters your eyeballs? Wear dark sunglasses, for half a day. When you take them off, even your desk lamp will hurt your eyes.   Brains don't sit idly by as hearing decreases. We hear just as loud, and our brains do a decent job of filling in the gaps (missing frequencies) until there's no longer enough data for our brain to reconstruct what that thing was supposed to have sounded like. It becomes a blurred sound, just like how wearing the wrong glasses will give you blurred vision.   Raising your tone of voice changes not just volume, but also your tone. It makes you sound annoyed or even aggressive. Your  grandma  mother-in-law did nothing to deserve that, and you probably don't mean it like that. But that is what it feels like.
0	All whining from art students and collective high-fiving from engineers aside, can it be agreed upon that it's completely acceptable and encouraged to invest time and money into an institution that, through a proper curriculum, helps that individual develop the skills he or she needs to be proficient at said profession, as long as that individual plans parallel with his or her resources and opportunities?
1	Obviously, the LoL game engine is better for a MOBA game than the WC3 engine. I don't know why people are being wishy washy about it it...   The WC3 engine was made to play RTSs, and the map editor allows you to shape a game from that foundation. The map editor's features are certainly limited in this respect. LoL's engine was made specifically to play a MOBA game. The way I think of it, it's like playing basketball in your driveway as opposed to on a real court/gym :P   The real advantage for LoL or HoN is that they aren't relying on a completely separate game for people to play LoL or HoN, in other words, they're not custom maps in a standalone game. They don't have to worry about what features Blizzard will/won't add (mostly the latter) to the game. They are not building a game from a map editor provided by another game, for specific use in that game. Riot owns their game, so if they want to add/remove/change something, they totally can.   You know that graphic update that Riot wants to do? I'd say the simple fact that they CAN do that (since you know, it's THEIR game) speaks for itself. Even so, I doubt that update will be soon, but a company's resources are a different matter.
0	Playing devil's advocate for the old people: In a sense, the government  can't  get rid of social security and medicare and medicaid because these people have already paid for that service.  They have been taxed for 40+ years, having their money sent to people for these services. But the idea is that the total amount of taxes they have paid over time will be approximately equal to the amount of money they get for social security, etc.  It's almost the same thing as putting money in the bank: you put money into your social security "account" by paying taxes and the government uses your money to fund its current projects but delivers your money when it's time for you to start "withdrawing" from your social security "account"   I realize it doesn't exactly work that way, but that is simultaneously the concept and the reason we cannot get rid of social security. If we were to get rid of it, it would be like a bank telling you that you can no longer have the money you were saving up for years.
0	There is a bar to be accepted into the schools. A limited number of spots + a test that determines if you are able to handle the education. Let's take my education for example: You get points from your previous school (a upper secondary school in my case) and how you performed in the matriculation exams there. Then there is the schools own test that consists of various different things. In my case it was a math/physics/chemistry test and a reading comprehension test. This could also be a aptitude test (or several). After that they fill the spots with the best applicants.  There are still some people that work the system, but most people need to work for their education. All the people that I know from school and have completed their Bachelors degree deserve it and have worked hard for it.  The people that only come to party will not complete enough courses witch means they have to pay back (and not eligible to receive more) the money they get from the government witch usually leads them to either shape up and work at the same time to pay for their education OR drop out.  Finland might have a high percentage of higher educated people, but know-how is a big export for us and we have one of the best education systems in the world. I guess it's just natural that we would have a higher percentage of higher educated people then.
1	You have options. So, you're in mid game and the lane phase isn't over? Ward for your adc, then roam and make plays. Or stay with your adc and farm gold and push lane.  The main job, now that the vision war is not so much of a war, is to watch the mini map and gather information. Where is jungler? Is someone about to get ganked? What is the enemy building? Is your team responding accordingly?  If someone is about to gank your mid, position yourself so you can help escape or turn a fight.
1	Tank junglers with damage mitigation and AOE damage can power farm the jungle without losing much health. The biggest point being Razorbeaks (wraiths) do very high damage so champions that can clear the 3 small razors quickly save a lot of HP. So Diana, Zac, Nocturne are very good at farming and camps now take longer to spawn so they have a time for an occasional gank without losing farm efficiency.
1	Hey guys, recently there are many drophacker in Gold/Plat/Diamond which is really annoying, especially for me!   Im in diamond 5 EUW and I have to admit, I'm not the best player here in my league, but in my last 11 games I played really well and from these 11 games I would've won 9, due to drophacker I won only 3 of them while I lost the other 2 and the other 6 games got drophacked. It's annoying for me cause my elo is atm really low and I'm really happy when I win at least one game, but if they get drophacked, it's making me really sad and angry. From my last ca. 50 games I made the last 7 days 10 got drophacked and 8 of them were won, 1 of them got drophacked right after enemy jungler took heal instead of smite and the last one was when I was losing.   I googled and googled to find any solution against these drophacks, I used VPN's which didn't work, clicked like crazy when game got DOS'ed which also didn't work and last but not least I installed BaronReplay to find out at least the player who didn't DC while drophack to report them (cause it's a high chance that they are the drophacker) but even that didn't work; BaronReplay closed itself the moment the drophack starts.The only thing im doing atm is reporting every drophack to Riot so they can do anything with these information.   It's frustrating me since I get like 10-15 points per win and lose like 20-30 per loss. Atm I'm at 37 points, if there was no drophack I would be at 97-100 points.   Is there any solution how to beat drophacks which really work?   Or if anyone knows how to drophack, please don't be so selfish and share Riot how it works so they work on a fix to help them fixing it and to help us getting not drophacked in our games.   My Account:   My last drophacked games(Not all!!):
1	I am also 1800 and must say what you say is wrong. I was duo with my another 1800 friend and we got matched with 3 2100's one in our team, two in enemy team. He is a great support, he almost alone carried a previous game and wanted to support again. But our " star" lolking'd his account and said that he can't win with such support, he stopped trying and kept flaming him for the whole game.
0	Usually I'm the nostalgic type, but digital games are so much more convenient in my life.  When I was a kid hard copies were the way to go; resell on ebay and get half my money back, buy cheap used games at GameStop, and ability to trade with friends.  Now that I'm older I don't mind spending $60 on a game because I have more money and games are relatively cheap.
1	If you're League V, then you won't be demoted until you have the MMR of League-1 V. So if I'm gold V (which is true), I won't be demoted until I have the MMR of a Silver 5.
1	Yeah, but at least they are absolutely terrible. You'll catch up eventually, just ignore them.   Real smurfs are only there to play with their friends, and will rarely rage at you because they actually know what they are doing and will not rely on team mates to do the same. They feel bad when they stomp too hard, and will usually apologize or try hard not to rub it in people's faces or go out of their way to steal kills from team mates   Bad smurfs will get angry at every mistake you do, use terms like "meta" or "counter jungle" to try to confuse you and to make themselves look cool, and then get angry when you couldn't tryhard as hard as them. They will get angry at team mates saying "gg noob team" at end of the game. They will usually lose because they are unable to adapt to lower level playstyles and will get stomped because they try to conform to "high elo play tactics" while playing againts level 5's.
1	The problem is his Ultimate being weak as hell. It doesn't do anything on its own.   WHAT? A  big aoe stun with huge range  that can also be used in many different ways like an  aoe zhonya  for your team (vs some karthus etc.), can even be used on your  turrets or baron/dragon  (delaying enemy objectives for your team to come can be big) or just as a  'teamfight reset' ,  cockblock vs a towerdive .   And you say it's 'weak as hell' and 'doesn't do anything on its own'?   If anything,  his ult is the strongest and the least balanced part of his kit , balanced mostly through his weak laning and his potential to screw up. Mid-late game Bard's ult can single-handedly carry games by catching someone from long range, running up with the team and wiping him/them out.   He might actually need some nerfs to his ult (probably range) and a bit of buffs to his other abilities/stats (I personally like him the way he is atm though).
1	Two schools of thought on the matter:     Get a jungler that can snowball damage-wise, to the point where you're another carry.  I like Shyvanna for this, since you don't see a lot of effective CC use at lower elos (Noc, Riven and Olaf also work nicely).  Get a couple early kills and you're on your way up the ladder.     Put the kills on a silver platter for your teammate to spoon up: Ali and Naut are my favorites for this.  No matter what the elo, if you can get behind the enemy player as Ali, you've pretty much gotten your teammate a kill.  This is slightly riskier if the game goes on too long since you won't have the damage to carry, but most of the time it leads to a 20 min surrender
0	Same thing happened to my sister. However, this was in Puerto Rico, and it was me, my sister, and my 2 female cousins in the car.   We were at this little neighborhood bodega by my grandma's, and as we exit off the curb, we all jump, because we had no idea wtf just happened. I quickly realized that a car of 2 women had thrown coke  through  the driver's window and it fell onto my sister. I knew what my sister's reaction was going to be fucking crazy. I quickly try to diffuse the situation, but my cousins being as insane as she is completely cancelled me out with their outrage.   I give up, knowing that I can't compete in a yelling match with  three  Puerto Rican women. I tried to get out, but my sister just sped off the curb like a lunatic.   So there is my sister, enraged and drenched in coke, with a total disregard for traffic laws, her life, and as well as everyone else's. She literally speeds up even more, DRIVES ONTO THE FUCKING SIDEWALK BECAUSE THERE WAS ALREADY TRAFFIC BEHIND THE PEOPLE THAT THREW THE COKE, DRIVES UP TO THE PERPETRATORS, AND SWERVES INFRONT OF THEM. Thank god they stopped, or we would have been t-boned.   I was yelling at her so hard that I started losing my voice later on that day. I'm no pussy, but this was Puerto Rico. The number of people ready to blast anyone is pretty high, and we didn't have a gun ourselves, so I was fairly frighted, even if they were a car of 2 women. (Don't underestimate Puerto Rican women. The greater the curves, the deadlier they are).   The girls couldn't back up or turn the car, so my sister climbs out the window because she couldn't open the door, but my cousins get out with with ease. When I was out of shock, I quickly rush out to hold my sister back. I could, but I had no such luck with my cousins.   The women apparently weren't so afraid either, because they did not stay in the car. After my cousins pounded on the window for a few moments, they step out, and for a moment I thought my cousin's were going to get whooped, but nope.   One of my cousins quickly dropped one of the women on their ass and was on top of her, punching in rapid succession. My other cousin had the other woman in a headlock, and was punching her as they spun in place.   A few people stepped out of their cars to stop the situation, and were actually getting a bit hostile, since we really did seem like the aggressors... actually, we were.   As my sister squirms in my grasp trying to break free (which she actually managed to almost do a few times), she yells to the people trying to break it up, and tells them what happened. From disdain, they quickly turned to being understanding and were cheering on my cousins for a bit.   I was kind of in shock the whole time, but I don't really know what happened when the bystanders finally decided to separate them, because next thing I knew my sister was running towards the woman whom was getting in the passenger's seat (AKA the women who threw the coke) of the other car. She completely slipped by the people that were holding my cousin's back and grabbed the woman by the hair, pulled her out, shoved her head downwards, and uppercut her a few times before I rushed over to her.   However, as I pull her away, she pulls the woman  with her , and continuously hits her a few  more  times. I somehow managed to get her grip lose from her hair, and I just took her to our car and shoved her in the  backseat , because there was no way I was letting her drive after that little stunt. After that, I looked back at the woman whom my sister had hit, and I realized her lip was busted. My cousin fucked her up pretty bad, but she did not have that before my sister got at her. I kind of felt bad for her, but then again...   Anyways, my sister didn't protest to me putting her in the backseat, as she was quite content with her actions, as were my cousins. Luckily, the cops didn't show up, but I was guessing that they were on their way, so I just yell at my cousins to get in the car, thank the people that broke up the fight, cuss at the women a little bit, and drove off. They talked about it the whole way back home.   My mother however, proceeded to give my sister an ass whooping herself for fucking up the front and rear bumper, as well as losing a rim.   Have yet to be in a car in which my sister was driving, and don't plan on doing so. But even if I do, I'm never letting my [future] children get in a car with her. Nonononono. Shit was fucking crazy.
1	To start, bringing cleanse as the ad carry is a very good idea. Especially an AD carry with a reposition skill can cleanse and then reposition out of MF's ult. Orther than that, a strong counterengage is very good. Taking you example of the MF/Taric lane, if taric uses his stun and MF ults over it. I'm going to use Ezreal/Sona as a counter lane here. Ezreal cleanses the stun, and directly repositions himself. Sona can now start the counterengage by ulting and Ezreal can throw out his stuff. MF also only has a very strong hard engage, she has no real escapes (apart from her movespeed passive) The Sona/Ezreal lane I named before can capatilize on this to by poking MF down. Orther than Sona you can also use stuff like Lulu or even Soraka. This is cause if they manage to silence MF a great part of her damage is negotiated. Orther than Ezreal you can use pretty much any orther ADC with and high poke or an high full engage. I would also highly recommend a reposition skill.
1	It doesn't mean it's bad, it's putting you against other people who JUST started a new team as well.   Which is why people should honestly play solo queue to be better instead of depending on others to carry them.
0	Are you fucking kidding me?   Girls are CONSTANTLY objectified. I'm not blaming men for this because men and women are guilty, but it is a fact.  Every little part of our bodies is taken apart and judged on a regular basis. Look at any imgur post of a girl where inevitably someone is like : "Nice ass but thighs are too big/boobs are too small/boobs are too big/hair is too short/too long/she'd be hot if she wasn't kind of chunky" etc etc etc. This is also relevant to women's labias where they get vaginoplasty to make their vulvas 'more appealing' according to whatever they think men want versus what they were born with.   My point is that the way you might feel self conscious about your penis is how most woman feel ALL THE TIME  about at least one aspect if not THEIR ENTIRE BODY. Women often equate the hotness of their body to their self worth because that's what society has taught. I'm not denying that good looking men are treated than non good looking men, but so much more emphasis is put on women's looks in general.   Yes, a lot of these things CAN be altered with plastic surgery or extensions or contouring makeup, and there's not much one can do to change a small penis. But plastic surgery is (IMO) extreme and often puts your life at risk! Just because we CAN do something to fix it doesn't mean that we should be made to feel that we have to.   I don't know what part of reddit you're reading where everyone loses their minds when someone calls a girl fat, but 99% of what I see is the complete opposite. IRL a fat woman who is smart and hardworking is not going to have the same social acceptance as a fat man who is also smart and hardworking.
1	I agree with you. A lot of people don't realize is that it is very easy to fall very very far behind due to constantly Ganking and not farming.   Also, I think what a lot of junglers miss is that jungling is about applying pressure and trying to snowball other lanes. Sometimes I will just appear in lane while the mid lane is farming and fucking abuse the opponent. It sets up your laner to zone them and send them b or pops the enemy pots. It also says (as the jungler) I am here. I am coming for you. I want to fucking kill you and if my team mate ever wakes up you will be fucking dead. Just don't die or dive on your own. Or you say hey I'm an idiot!   So let's say you have an idiot top laner. (always pushed never warding and keeps getting ganked blaming you, the jungler.) the jungler needs to control that lane by warding the ever living crap out of it. Make lanes un gankable. Or if you see 3 top you have to go and make sure he doesn't die. Unfortunately you will never be thanked for this by them cus they are a noob.   Jungling nerds to be looked at as applying and relieving pressure. A lot of people don't see it that way. Buying a 5 stack of wards puts your build behind but it makes it easier to fight by dragon and Baron and ward your un gankable lanes.   One big thing I see people miss all the time is that say you kill the adc bot and force mid B. It's time to dragon. Not take a tower. Dragon. Dragons are worth a little over 1 tower which can bring you back from a gold deficit or keep you ahead.   Also one last thing about pressure. Supports apply and relive pressure on bot lane. Mids and top laner can also relieve and apply thier own pressure with green and pink wards, they just sometimes refuse to.
0	I was picked on a few times back in school. It didn't make much sense to me as I was bigger than most of the bullies. My school had a zero tolerance policy, but actually was reasonable thanks to the security camera that was present. A bully came up behind me and clocked me in the back of the head. I turned around and asked him to walk away. When he swung at me again I put him through a window (we were on the first floor). Thankfully, once they reviewed the camera footage they said I was a good example of how to handle yourself under pressure and had the bully apologize to me.
0	and yet much bigger businesses regularly hire the same people and stay open just fine.
0	Jesus that's probably the most genuine apology I've ever seen online.  I do understand that it would have been easy to misunderstand my first post...I wasn't really sure how much to go into because of the whole
1	Can I expect more "fun" videos from TSM in the near future? I was watching [this video]( of past moments in TSM history and realized how little you guys publish videos now. :(   I think one of the big reasons TSM got so popular was the effort you guys used to put in to engage the community with your vids, and that's how people got to know and love the personalities of everyone on the team.
0	Anyone that will actually stop to let a pedestrian cross the road is doing a good deed. Men can't look at an unknown woman without assessing their attractiveness(just how it works).   That said, the sort of jerk-o who would actually look you up and down is probably not the empathetic person who would actually stop their car and let another human being have the right of way.
0	A really good tool in the job hunt is www.glassdoor.com. This site allows users to post their application/hiring experience with a company. The larger the company, the more complete the info. My wife had 4 interviews with a company, including one with the VP of HR (she works in HR), and then heard nothing. She found glassdoor and read that this company was famous for this kind of unprofessional crap. It helped her feel better knowing it was just a jerky company and not something she did. Glassdoor also gives you insight on interview styles and even the questions asked in the interviews.
1	knowing when to Baron is a decision that I think should be left to the jungler it makes it easy to decide when and when not to Baron and leaves no questions from the team. When advantage is had the most important thing is that everybody on the team move together and do the same thing.  Any jungler worth his (or her) salt should be studying gameplay and recognize what to do when. Does the jungler say Baron? No? Do something else, solves the problem right away.
1	I think generally it's a good thing to be able to see when the buffs are up without having to type it, but the timers will definitely change solo queue games a lot. The important difference is that with buff timers you will always be aware of spawns and even less organized teams can prepare for a dragon/baron without one person having to tell everyone.   Additionally, think about all the times that people write down the timers and just forget about it because a fight on the other side of the map distracts them. That won't happen nearly as frequently with jungle timers, because you see them every time you look on the scoreboard without having to make a conscious decision.
1	Being chat-restricted was the best thing that could ever happen to me. It taught me how to write concisely yet get my point across to my team, and if someone messed up while I was out of messages then I quickly moved on with the game. Now I mute people if they show any sign of flaming.
1	Vlad Rapes Heimer, life steal the turrets to replenish, always keep moving back and forth in his lane to decrease the chance of his concussion grenades hitting you, and Transfuse him whenever possible to keep his health low, a Heimer with low to no mana is useless but a Heimer with both low health and mana is a dead Heimer. call for ganks when he is low from a jungler if available, otherwise just out coordinate and out maneuver him. when he ults use sanguine pool, if you cant handle the rest, well I don't know what to say. He's tough but just keep pressuring him and sapping his turrets (lol! Just saw a TF2 Spy vs Engie similarity there for a second) and make sure your team calls MIAs, makes life much easier
1	i also switched from a dota (well actually starcraft with some dota on the side) player to a lol player. funnily enough i found that the hardest things to get used to are controlling one (and depending on heros) unit. it feels a bit awkward at first and definitely takes a while to get used to.   other things i found funky getting used to would be getting used to how the maps works, controlling buffs and monsters, and understanding how the meta game works. for the map, you should know that the bushes give you invisibility to anyone not inside the bush, which can help tons for juking and such, and also without the long lane and short lane mechanic in dota, laning works slightly differently. controlling buffs and monsters is also a key, theres four monsters, a blue golem, a red lizard, a big dragon, and a giant snake thing, which i suppose you could compare to river runes and roshan. in this game it becomes very important to control these, as they give you great amounts of bonuses which can help. as for the meta, in its current state there is someone who is the jungler, who primarily farms jungle creeps and ganks early game, as compared to dota where very few heroes can jungle (perhaps enigma and a few others), theres also a hardcore support, who helps the ad carry to farm and become incredible powerful later. theres an ap mid, who is someone who uses spells to do primary damage. and a bruiser, who is basically someone who is sort of an off tank, as i found that in lol almost no one builds as pure tank. at low levels this isnt as important but it becomes important later on if you want to have a balanced team.   also a few things you should be aware of. you can try using smart casting (in  the menu you can change your key binds) and although it is quite hard to get used to, once you do, you'll find you become a much faster player, as it takes away the need to click to cast. also there are far fewer items in lol with active abilities. and since lol is more "spammy" (which i think makes it much more fun) controlling your mana can be quite different from than in dota. also try understanding the last hitting mechanics (especially when under a tower, and there are many places you can find this information) as well as when you should use spells to get last hits. because of the more "spamability" of lol, you tend to die much quicker than you would in dota. the stuns and such are also weaker as their length is usually much lower. understanding when to play what kind of style becomes very important.   as for heroes, what i did was i found heroes similar to the ones that i played in dota, and just experimented with whoever was free. for example,  the week i started playing, teemo was free, and i when i played him, i decided to stick to him although i sucked at the time, and i slowly became much better. as for finding someone similar in dota, just for example, back in dota i used to play lich as one of my mains, and so as i was looking through the heroes, i decided to try out brand who quickly became one of my best heroes. as another person already said, the 450 heroes are a nice place to start and 1350 isnt  too hard to get to as well. i would just experiment with anyone and eventually you'll find someone you like.   as for runes and masteries, they are simply just small in game boosts which can help in the early game, and since they help in the early game, they will help in later game too. i would not buy any runes until u are level 20, although i think there are people who buy level 1 runes just to help with jungling and eventually use the combiner in the rune page to make up for it later.   you can find guides in many places such as:  solomid , and watching pro player streams.   hope i helped :)
1	I main mid. Usually I am able to acquire it by just calling (70% of the time) though sometimes I need to play another lane. I also play jungle or top though my jungling champion pool pretty much consists of sejuani and nunu at the moment.   In lower elo's I do not recommend dual laning because extremely different lacks of skill are present (mechanical and insight) people tend to play extremely passive in my opinion and some people tend to play way too agressive for others. If one goes in and the other doesn't it leads to a low elo bot lane.
0	The more selfish you are, the more awful it is to grow old. I can't stress this enough.   As you get older responsibilities come. Can't avoid it. And more come each year. Job. Marriage. Kids. Kids are the craziest part because being responsible for the moral, intellectual, spiritual, emotional and psychological formation of another human being will mess with you. I remember thinking, "What idiot let us bring a baby home with us?" Eventually, you'll begin thinking you can't handle one more responsibility without losing it. But you know what, you can handle it. You have what it takes.   And if you are able to surrender that selfish core (or the "me monster" as Brian Regan calls it), then it can all be a blast. Over time you realize that your sense of entitlement is directly related to your enjoyment of your life. The less entitled the better. Are there more beautiful women to be married to? Yep. Sure are. If you are willing to sacrifice the particularity that is your wife's beauty. No one is like her. No one. Would it be easier to get a divorce than to constantly compromise, adapt, forgive, confess and limit your own personal desires / goals? Yes. Could be. If you are willing to sacrifice the rare gift of being able to look the woman whom you have hurt more than anyone else in the world in the eyes and feel no shame when she says, "I forgive you. I still love you. I'm never going anywhere." Money can't buy love like that. Would it be more fun to not have kids, to have all the time I used to have to game, read <insert pastime here>? Sure. But one day my wife and I realized, as human beings we weren't created to come home every day and say, "Hey what do you want to do tonight?" Year in and year out. That kind of self-centeredness is seriously screwed up.   I have roughly 1 hour a day of free time right now during the week (37, married, 3 year old son , 7 week old son, and an awesome job). 1 hour per day. It ain't easy. But, as someone who came from a physically and emotionally abusive home, when you step back and realize that what I am creating for my boys is the environment I never had - a father who is engaged, who plays with them, who tells them he loves them 100 times a day, who hugs them way too much, who reads their comics, watches their shows, plays their games, who disciplines them without anger, who is excited about pressing into their development as men instead of ignoring it, who will help them care for and protect all the women they find in their lives - then the sacrifices don't feel like sacrifices anymore, do they? No. They feel like opportunities. No. They feel like even more than that. A calling to live for something more than just myself. That is the glory of getting old. It is a gift, not a curse. Indeed, a blessing.   And I still get to jam on my 3DS when everyone's asleep.
0	I sincerely don't recall myself or op bringing up anything about the people/groups that use religion as their medium to oppress, harm, and kill so you can stop attacking that straw man. While using the term religious fanatic does imply terrible extremist groups such as the crusades or the radical jihad, it also depicts those who are devoted to their faith. You should seriously consider educating yourself instead of blindly accepting what you re fed from the media because I m pretty sure that op is referring to the latter accepted use of the term. Obviously op would not compare some of the atrocities done "in the name of god" to the actions of an atheist who is annoyingly devoted to spreading their knowledge.
1	Also measure your EP before you queue.   Your Emergency Potential.   A lot of people give me this bullshit "I'm not reporting him for afk, he could have something important in real life"   Allow me to shed some light on the subject.  The report button is not bias towards anyone.  It's meant to be used when the circumstances for reporting are met.  If someone is not in the game, and their team is suffering for it, REPORT THEM.  IT'S WHAT THE AFK REPORT IS THERE FOR!   If you just let your dog outside, then the EP is higher than it should be for you to play league.  Your dog could (heaven forbid) get hit by a car, start chasing some random small animal and run far away, start rooting through your trash.  Any number of possibilities could occur, does that mean I shouldn't report you if it happens?  Of course not, if you're in a game, play the game, if you leave it for any considerable amount of time, I'm reporting you, you just wasted 20-40 minutes of mine and 3 other peoples time.   That's a hell of a lot more inconsiderate than not "understanding" emergency situations.   Now, as everything in this world goes, there are exceptions.  If someone types in chat "My mother just fell down the stairs / collapsed holding her chest" of course I won't report someone for that.  Real life unforeseeable (not like the dog) emergencies DO happen, but they are EXTREMELY rare.  And to happen during a 30-40 minute period of the day, even MORE rare.
1	I think there are a bunch of differences between elos that people who say elo hello doesn't exist don't account for. Obviously a 2100 elo player has more mechanical skill then your 900 elo pub (and this is true ever more subtley with decreasing elo differences) but at some point it's not /all/ about mechanical skill.  At 1400 elo people trust their teammates, obviously there pubs and bads and stupid calls, but by and large you can find someone on your team to communicate with and trust. The two of you can make plays together, as such team comp starts to matter, you make plays as a team (and so does your enemy) and so the synergies of an aoe comp or poke comp /start/ to become relevant. While there may still be a mechanical difference between a 1900 elo plyer and 1600 elo player, I contend that is not /the/ determinant factor over your ability to win and lose. 1900 elo players have their own play style, this play style is much more co-dependent then that of 1100 elo scrubs like myself or even 1600 elo players. People just think on their feet better and fulfill their roles more aptly. People now that they can't win teamfights single handedly as nautilus, and so instead of just jumping their adc, stays around peels for his own.
0	His name was Ryan. I later turned into someone that makes Scumbag Steve look like Good Guy Greg. Last time I saw him he was trying to act "Gangsta" and threatend to set his "crew" on me if I disrespected him. I told him to fuck off and shit himself like he did when he was 8. He took a swing at me and was rewarded with a broken nose, 3 missing teeth and a severe winding from a knee to the sternum. His crew stood and laughed as he cried. I used to be the weakling because I was scared to fight but in the 3 years since he'd moved away I went through a lot and it made me a fighter.
1	1200 is a large sample IF it is representative and randomized, barring any systemic errors in choosing votes. That's a very big IF in this case -- we need to consider the likelihood of a random person being on Reddit at the right time of day and tendency to notice the post, and so on... for example, a systemic error might lead us to believe that Gambit has a lot less fans than it does, because Russians are less likely than other European countries to browse reddit thoroughly
1	Teemo brings almost nothing to the table besides the shrooms. In a normal teamfight, he'll either just be deleted or have to stay too far away to do anything relevant. Having more map control in exchange of almost "4"v5 teamfights seems like a risky tradeoff.   TSM lost because they failed to shut Teemo down and because they gave an inner turret at 5min. Teemo didn't get C9 the map, TSM's poor decision making did. Even in the mid game, they should have pinked their entire jungle (like most OGN teams have been doping), that would have given them the map control they needed to farm up, avoid shrooms and catch C9's players out.
0	Took my dog to the pub, let him wander around the locals as normal. Got a bit drunk so he was sat with a group of strangers (I usually check they're okay with him and offer to take him back) Anyway, this table fed him an ENTIRE cheese board, biscuits and all. Come morning, there was shit and vomit everywhere... It was horrible.
0	Got my Paypal hacked a few weeks back. Only noticed when I started getting invoices sent to my email for services I didn't recall. Not only was my debit card info taken, but my email was just thrown around. Jokes on them, though, since I closed that particular bank account months ago. Still. Paypal didn't do much to remedy the situation or at least investigate
1	Tell em: "if you don't gank dont farm jungle but take dragon. Try ganking later after dragon. When you dont gank explain us why and wwe will do our best in order to give you the option to gank"   I dont really have this problem because i am the jungler 90+% of the time but when i am not jungeling i know what to donin order to make jungler gank. And really the stypidest thing to do is putting preasure on him. When you spam gank and help he want come most of the time. He will come when he feels like. If you "force"him coming he wont come whole game and play whike you are muted. Tell this to your team as well.
0	The worst part is when word gets around that you "know computers" and you have:     Family members at social gatherings hitting you up for free advice (which I don't mind giving, but half of them are going to forget what I've told them before they get home)     Family members calling you at home for free advice (this one can get annoying)     Family members asking you to come to their house to fix their computer, either for free or for a negligible "payment" (e.g. a soda and a burger)     Family members who ask you to fix their computer and don't mind paying you, until you expect more than 20 bucks for 2 hours worth of work and you get the guilt trip for not doing it cheap.     Family members who ask if they can give your phone number to a friend of theirs, so you can get "a little extra side work", only to have the family member and/or their friend expect you to do that work on the cheap, too.     Random people you don't know calling your phone number for free advice or asking you to come out to their house and fix their computer because a family member that you haven't talked to in 6 months gave your phone number to them (I HATE these.)       I would say that there are two questions I commonly get, and no one seems to like my honest answers to both:   1) What would you do if your computer was doing X?   A: I'd probably just ignore it.   Q: Really? (confused look)   A: Yeah.  I don't really bother fixing my own computer unless I absolutely HAVE to.   [This is actually true; if my computer is giving me shit, and it takes longer than 15-20 minutes to fix it, I give up and ignore it.]   2) My computer is slow, what do you think I should do?   A: How old is it?   If Q = less than 4 years: "Back up anything important, wipe it, reinstall Windows."   If Q = more than 4 years: "Get a new computer"   Q: "Really?  Do you think you could take a look at it?   Maybe clean it up and make it faster?"   A: "Honestly, it would take a lot of time and I can't really guarantee I could make it THAT much faster."   [I'll make an exception for some people, clean out temp files, clean out startup items, uninstall old junk that they don't need, maybe help them pick out some RAM and install that too, but I only make this exception to do ACTUAL WORK for people I see on a regular basis, like my dad, who does a lot of quid pro quo with me as well so it's all good.]   The problem with side-work is that once you touch their computer, ANYTHING that ever breaks after that is YOUR fault.  If you charged them the first time, they expect you to fix it for free since you CLEARLY didn't do it right the first time.  And if you did it gratis the first time, forget about it.  On top of that, they complain about you to other relatives because of how long it takes you to come back out to their house and re-fix their computer because ever since you installed that wireless router for them 6 months ago, their computer seems slower and it's definitely something you did.   Furthermore, I'm a firm believer that anyone who feels the need to specifically mention that they are "not a computer person" more than once while asking for your help... never EVER touch their computer, because THEY almost certainly screwed it up, and they'll more than likely screw it up again, but blame YOU the second time, for reasons stated in the previous paragraph.
1	Thank you.   When LoL tournaments reach even 25% female participation, and when playing with an identifiably female name no longer gets you called a "dumb bitch" who needs to "shut the fuck up and suck my dick" in pubbie matches, then I'll consider arguments that all-female LoL tourneys are pointless.   In the meantime, an all-male tourney would be deserving of anger because  competitive, pro-level LoL play is effectively all-male  and it just reinforced the idea that LoL is a boy's club, unlike women's tourneys, which are trying to encourage female participation in the League.
1	No, worst idea ive heard in a while honestly you dont need 5 bans, 3 is enough is not too much and its not too little, perfect balance.   As someone already said, bans are strategic you dont need to have 5 bans because is WAY too much and also pointless.   Think about this, imagine a guy who can play 5 champions per lane, its someone with a good champion pool, you ban 10 out of 25 champions he can play, imagine you ban all 5 viable junglers and all 5 viable top laners, now what is that guy going to do?.   Now apply that to competitive gaming, 10 bans ... imagine a team wants to focus mid, ban Zed, Orianna, Xerath, Jayce and Syndra.. Done the other mid lane is useless you banned the best champions he could play and you picked the only one its left.   The other team focus the jungler, ban Nunu, Jarvan, Pantheon, WW, Lee... done the jungler cant play anything.   There is no strategy behind having 10 bans, its just a bunch of braindead bans to make someone useless.
1	They both are/were 2k+ Elo   Once i started watching streams one of the first i saw was VMans so let me tell you my story:   I was new, i already learned about the meta and knew most of the champions but i had like no experience. I am someone who learns a lot from viewing other people do it. VMan did great plays all the time and told what his teammates did wrong. Also he was very entertaining because he hyped every single action he did pretty hard.   I kept watching VMan, always trying to learn something and i learned a lot. But i learned more from what VMan did wrong. I think it started once he did Dragon with 3/0 lvl 6 Wriggles Lee Sin. It was warded and the enemys killed him. He blamed botlane, and i thought, why would he keept doing Dragon if they come? Why not just back off?   I kept watching his stream, recognizing more mistakes here and there, but he is a human, everyone does mistakes. Even when i didn't learn that much from him anymore i kept watching since he was entertaining, not in a emotinal-Ocelote way, more in a random-soloqueue-guy way. He flamed like everyone else, he played like everyone else.   Today i only turn in if i want a good laugh, he i still entertaining, he sings in stream, streams shirtless and not that unatractive (I dislike his haircut tho). But i wouldn't recommend him to anyone, he is like a afternoon talkshow. Everyone hates it, yet enough people watch it so they keep showing them.   Over the time he build kinda a relationship to a lot of viewers, they get a lot interaction. He answers questions from the chat 24/7 wich i really appreciate, and does a lot of fangames. At the end i want to say: VMan, stop flaming at everyone. Read the chat of your last ban, without the context it just looks like you are raging randomly at people.   So yeah, i liked VMan, he isn't one of my favored streamers anymore, so come at me downvotes ~.~
1	In my opinion Thresh is currently in a fine spot after all the nerfs he has gotten.   I understand the lantern nerf because the ability was designed to be a saving ability for only 1 person, it shouldn't shield the whole team. The thing I am mostly worried is, how will the shield choose the target? If you throw it in middle of 4 people will you randomly shield the wrong target? With this change though they should add more shield value since it is not that big at the moment.   The box nerf I don't really understand. I have always liked the concept of the ability since you trap people inside there and you can hook or flay them back in if they are trying to escape. I feel with this new change it is way too easy to escape the box and not suffer any consequences. I honestly think they should not implement this nerf because box already got nerfed with the casting time not long ago. I am fine with the casting time, but I don't really want the abilitys concept to get destroyed.   Also about the item changes... Talisman and Mikaels are awesome items for Thresh and many other supports. We all know Thresh loves cooldown reduction and now Talisman will only give 10% which is rather sad. This will delay your 40% cdr a little, but I hope the movement speed bonus on talisman will be worthy enough. When you rush talisman,sightstone,boots and mikaels you sacrifice a lot of your tankyness to support your team. Chalice is getting nerfed as well so your are even more squishier than before.   I honestly think that Thresh will need some old nerfs reverted or these ones not implemented. Buffing his old tankyness back is one choice for example. His teamfighting will be hurt really badly if these changes go live. You will have 10% less CDR in teamfights, You can't shield multiple people and also your box is not that useful anymore. These changes will be kinda major to his peeling potential and overall gameplay.
1	I agree with this and I've come to notice that instead of the support being blamed for mistakes on bottom lane like OP said, the ADC gets blamed most of the times.   Had a game with me being MF and having a support Lux at bot. All went fairly well at the beginning, Lux set up some pretty good snares and we were able to kill the enemy bot lane a few times. After about 10 minutes in, Lux decided she wanted to turret dive the enemies, so she pinged for me to go in.   I looked at the big picture, our wards had just run out, enemy mid (nidalee) and top (jax with tp) were MIA and I didn't feel save enough to make a turret dive under such circumstances. I pinged Lux back, told her "don't dive" but she didn't listen and went for the enemies. I stood back and waited for the inevitable: Jax tp-ed in, a spear flew in Lux' face and she died. After that a flaming tirade errupted from her "OMG MF stop sleeping, coulda killed them there. U suck!!111!"   After this, every time Lux overextended with no vision she blamed me and later the whole team for not following up. She stopped warding because "noob team, can't carry this shit" and pretty much ruined the whole gaming experience for us others.
0	I'm the youngest, but it was pretty much my job to make sure by older brother (by 6 years) didn't do anything too stupid.  I'd say that was pretty hit or miss.   However, I see my sister doing shit like this to my nephew (10), who practically raises his younger brother (3) because the younger brother's dad is a complete dead beat and my sister is lazy.  She uses the "well that's why I had kids so they could do X thing" and it makes me want to vomit.  She thinks she should be given a medal because she has "hard times" every month.
0	WAITASECONDJUSTTHERE.   You think the blanket statement 'feminists encourage false rape claims' is a fair point. And you are seriously concerned by people not taking it seriously.   Regardless of the gender or type of person, you think people of any kind encourage false rape claims? Like you think there is a group of people here on this world who, in an organized manner get together and are like 'hey. That is a man and an enemy. He is easy to take down. I just had sex with him.  WHY DON'T I SAY HE RAPED ME? THAT WORKS SO WELL!! ' Cause you know, his semen needs to get on you somehow. Ever considered those forensics? Further, do you seriously have any idea what trials involve? How much effort? How difficult it is to get someone convicted. You think that people are going to organize themselves to but voluntarily put through that repeatedly? And then what, admittedly for [funsies, cause of the shockingly low conviction rate?]( You think THAT is the reasonable course of action. And that a group of people put themselves through that for virtually no gain for themselves.   Seriously?
0	Minimize the task bar, get rid of all those tray icons and a little customization can't hurt.
0	The sleep solution is fantastic, years ago when I couldn't figure out how to code some system I gave up and went to sleep. Woke up at like 3 in the morning with the solution and it fucking worked. Haha saved my ass in undergrad.
1	How many stupid ass threads are going to be made about the trash talking? You want esports to be like sports? Trash talking is going to occur. People weren't begging the NFL to fine Richard Sherman when he called Michael Crabtree a sorry ass receiver and not a single Seahawk fan felt the need to apologize for the fact that Richard Sherman was trash talking. It's apart of competition. If you don't like the fact that people are going to turn super competitive and some what angrier individuals when this is their lively hood and this is something they have a passion for then you shouldn't watch any type of competitive sport. You want to know why this sub reddit hates TSM? Because this sub reddit wants to act like hipsters. TSM has always had the largest fan base and for a while it was cool to be a TSM fan. Now it's cool to be a TSM hater.
0	Not at all (in that I'm going to call you in an idiot). I agree with and encourage gun rights, even though I generally do agree with Obama and even the dissenting views of the supreme court that the current interpretation of the second amendment is fallacious. This doesn't change the fact that, if I determine it personally necessary, that I want to be able to have easy (not unrestricted) access to a weapon. I think its important for everyone, including the government, to know that any given person may have the means to defend oneself with extreme force.   The only reason I posted my reply is because you admitted that your knowledge on the subject was limited, but still made some pretty serious assertions which, in my opinion, cannot be supported by the evidence. I think you are right to say that the Obama administration purposefully stymied the talks in July because of the fear that people would make the assertion that you made. However, I don't see anything in this treaty or in Obama's record that makes me worry about his intentions changing federal gun policy. Further, I haven't seen anything in this treaty that any administration could use to support strengthening gun restrictions in the U.S. My understanding is that its focus is largely on human rights violators. Is my understanding wrong?   I'm sorry if someone else respond similar to me in another reply, but I didn't see it (maybe it got buried by downvotes or I just didn't notice it). I swear, not all Obama supporters are completely enamored by him and feel that he can do no wrong. Personally, I just agree with him on more issues that I find important than I did Romney and republicans in general. He's certainly nothing more than a typical (though charismatic) politician and I am rather disappointed in his failure to live up to a lot of his rhetoric.
0	Consideration for another who is important to you and returns the favor, definition of a healthy relationship.
0	There are many ways to use landmines. One way is to provide static defense for long period of time. Like in the border between the Koreas. How ever in the way this works, maps are relatively useless since land moves quite a lot over time.   There is another way to use landmines too. If you rely on highly skilled and highly mobile units that are supposed to take over and hold strategically important locations that slow the enemy advancement, mines are vital tool for this tactic. Since most likely your unit will be heavily outnumbered you need to restrict the enemy movement temporally. For example you would want to block any backdoors and flanks. In this strategy the point is to even the odds by restricting the enemy movement. The mines are now used as temporary defense to help your side to organize "general defensive movement" (still no idea how this military jargon is used in English). The maps play important part in this strategy since you want to help warn your own units from walking into them and once you have established a general defense you want to withdraw from the location with your mines so that you can use them again when needed.   Finland "recently" signed the Ottawa treaty since we didn't want to be included in the group of nations (US,Iran, North Korea etc.) that refused to sign the agreement. In essence this was purely a political decision not militaristic. This has droven our defense forces into a strategic crisis. We share a massive border with Russia and we need time to establish our "general defense" by arming our conscripts. The plan was the later one i described earlier. Now that the landmines are banned we had to resort to artillery propelled cluster bombs that don't detonate when hit ground but detonate when touched (or something like that, I'm not quite sure how these things work). Obviously we can't shoot artillery shots near our own units so the plan does not anymore work. Also there is no way to know anymore where the "mines" or bombs land and if they have detonated or not. So in essence we have switched a surgical weapon to a "spray and hope" type of weaponry. And there are no guarantees that these bombs are not forgotten into the forrests to haunt the animals and unlucky wanderers.
0	Have insomnia? Maybe you should work 3rd shift... Always fucking tired when working 3rd shift. Fucking hate my life. What? You have medical  appointments, have friends and family? No, you don't have a choice unless you call in and sleep at night and ruin whatever hell of a sleep schedule you might have had... You know... The 4 or 5 hours you normally get because you have shit to do during regular business or store hours. The sun being up and knowing it's a beautiful day outside, not eating properly because you have to drink 4 cups of coffee just to stay awake at work that doesn't pay enough to cover the stress produced by working with a bunch of condescending IT assholes. Yeah, I work IT 3rd shift and you should come work there. I get a referral bonus if u get hired and I guarantee that after a couple days you'll be tired enough to crash, even with distractions. Fuck I want a new job... Anybody in Houston hiring? :( 2yrs IT exp... All I ask for is 40k+ salary, the more the better. But I have a herniated disc and can't walk, sit or do anything without severe pain so I might be kind of useless. :( thanks...
0	For the uninformed: The reason you get such divergent opinions about Detroit is because of a whole lot of gentrification the past ten years.   Midtown and downtown have been revitalized like whoa and you'll feel safe there because a lot of the money is there (and therefore, a ton of cops). But that's only about 6 square miles or so...   Then you got the East side which is Dresden 2.0 And then you get the westside which is not so bad but just really really sad. And then you got southwest Detroit, which is somewhere between the two.
1	I struggled with this a lot last season and the beginning of this season both in ranked and Draft normals. Especially as first pick when I'm too busy banning to debate about a position.   I greatly increased my success and frequency of winning when I realized the ability to play each position at least proficiently allowed me to let the rest of the team take what they want and I fill in the holes.   I personally think you should not be playing Draft or ranked until you have a couple champs in each position under your belt.
1	The point is, it doesn't matter. These guys are frustrated, but they are all professionals. They also spend more time with each other than they do their own families. They will work it out; reginald will understand rainman, and rainman will understand reginald.
0	Well, first you have to type the 'B', then the 'A', then the 'D'. After those you must insert a ' ' (space), after which you continue with an 'L', then the 'U', then the 'C', then the 'K'. Here we see the return of the ' ' (space) after which another word begins with typing the 'B', then the 'R', then the 'I', then the 'A', then the 'N'. which concludes the typing of the phrase.
0	College is more than learning. Yes, it is definitely overpriced, but it's vital if you want to have a job as say, a doctor or engineer.  College gives you these things:   An accelerated education. You say you can find all of that stuff on the Internet? You're right. How about in a textbook you don't have to search through ad-ridden pages for? Also there. What about from a professor and some TAs that you can ask questions from. Yep, there too. And you do all of that in a short time. What is this? Half a year for courses like calculus 3? Yep. It's intense, but you have the next topic to help you out too.   College helps you meet others. These people can help you with your homework or studies or whatever, but they can also be more than that. If they're motivated enough and you are too, they could be reliable employees or employees if you get stuck without workers or a job in the future. Depending on the college you go to, you'll likely have people that are more influential and stuff. So yeah, it's sort of like a social networking site thing with some people who could be important in the future. That's why it's good to study but also to interact with others.   College is a bias. It's a bad bad bias, really. People who don't go to college are looked down upon, when that shouldn't happen. There are people who can be successful without going to college, by learning how to code on their own or something, but it really hinders you because of peoples' stupid pre-existing biases. You have less of a bias when you go to a college and if you go to good colleges, then you have the bias in your favor.
1	Ok, explain like you are three.....   "friends" are people I know well and would call at three AM when I've been left by my boyfriend (or, in your case, rather likely girlfriend). That excludes online-only contacts, for you won't even have their phone number in most cases. So they are basically strangers, seeking their own advantage and maybe trying to hijack your account. As you wouldn't take sweets from strangers, you shouldn't take hijacking links from online-"friends". Hell, what do you know about them except their rank and that they play the same game? Would you hand them your cash card and tell them your PIN as well? But if you make banking via your PC, it's not much difference anymore if you click links that you are offered by people who are almost strangers.   It's lots more difficult to fake friendships when you are regularly seeing the other person face to face and very often. Plus online people might just delete you from list and you cannot even go to their home and kick them for it. Nor even flame them, because they've deleted you and you cannot write them any longer.
1	I don't think its particularly necessary for either Viegar or Sion to get a tooltip for it. Nasus's Q is invisible power to his opponent if he doesnt have the buff icon. If Viegar has 200 AP, that means his opponent can see he has 200 AP. Does it particularly matter to his opponent where the AP came from? Copy/Paste that explanation for Sion but with Health.   Nasus, on the other hand, may have 300 CS, but 0 of it could have come from his Q or 100% could. To the opponent, that means he has anywhere from +0 to +900 damage.
0	There are two thoughts on this matter, and having considered both of them, here is what I conclude. You should take care to treat people the way you would want to be treated. If you want people to tell you if they aren't interested, you should do the same for others. If you would rather have people just ignore you, that's what you should do.   Does this run the risk of hurting someone else's feelings if you do the opposite of what they prefer? Sure it does. But then again... You aren't interested in them so you should probably worry less about their feelings.   But this also means that you will get some people who just ignore you, and some people who just reject you. Both suck, and you just kind of have to deal with it.
0	It's mainly the absence of things that don't directly add to the content of the code. It's more of a move towards making code readable as well as efficient, since almost all code is meant to be read as well as executed. Since the standards of text include paragraphs and linebreaks and pages instead of brackets denoting end of text blocks, efficient use of whitespace helps replicate the natural break in text that indicates relationship between blocks of letters.
1	Ok this may sound totally off the line but I think somethings in the brushes of league. reason being is that I made two topics informing people about Incarnati0ns situation as a coach of SK and that basically other pros have been toxic in their past as well and are now presenting Riot and acting like normals humans do (Ocelote the whole of M5 in their prime, the list goes on and you get the point..). The interesting thing is that one thread got shadowbanned and was made invisble, it had 1k views and ppl were actually agreeing that he deserves another chance because especially now that riot had a whole season to see him backstage realising he has changed and that they also didn't ban his two challenger accounts on sight. With the coach position being on riots payment list next season they'll have to find a new solution with him anyways because he would if SK doesn't suspend him, appear on riots paycheck anyways.
1	Yes, if you keep accumulating punishments you deserve to be punished harder in order to learn your lesson, same thing IRL. The more times you receive a speeding ticket, the harder you're punished until your license is revoked because clearly you are not able to follow the guidelines in place.   Same logic applies here - he has clearly been punished before for AFK and due to the fact it is a major offense he has been stricken by the banhammer.   As for your "IRL issues/emergencies", as a 17 year old kid with parents who are constantly on my ass, I am forced to be AFK even rage quit every now and then but this happens rarely. It used to occur more often about 10 months ago (Internet issues were a big factor) and therefore I received a 5 day ban. Hence my behavior got better and me leaving games hasn't be an issue since I have not even received a warning.
1	Is it really necessary for escapes on EVERY hero? I mean even though the recent ap heroes that have been released all have one. Doesn't mean Heimer is completely unviable. Just means you need to put your patience and planning into your escape routes rather then running straight towards tower and dying saying its Heimers fault.
1	Well, Jinx has a fairly weak laning phase. It's not the worst idea to build a damage/utility item to help with surviving laning phase.   Jinx has fairly short range compared to adc's like tristana and caitlyn, so if you were to engage in a 1v1 with either of them, you having a BT and them an infinity edge, the shield would absorb the autos you lost while out of range and then due to to Jinx's minigun passive she would auto more than the other adc, out sustain and eventually win. It would take some serious RNG in cait/trists favor to win the duel.   In a more realistic scenario, if Jinx is full health with her BT and cait has her ie, the shield passive of BT will probably block 1-2 autos if they were to trade in lane.
0	As a black guy with a white (irish) girlfriend,  it's this type of generalization that I fight everyday.  I come from a  predominantly black family with a very successful history.  I'm honestly the biggest failure in a sense because I didn't go to college but instead decided to enlist in the Navy, the second in my family to do so.  I have yet to meet her family because in some of their eyes I'm bad news because "Blacks are more likely to beat their women" and "Even though he says he has no kids is that that he knows of or just what he tells you?" It gets old but it's part of what has been portrayed by not only the African American culture but by Americans as a whole.
1	So what you are saying is that you stopped playing the champions you wanted to play and had fun with, to play on Renekton 'cause he snowballs lane like hell? How I got to platinum: I played what I wanted which ever position I got stuck with/wanted and made it work.
1	We can only evaluate what evidence we have. At the moment, men are the better casters, just because there might eventually maybe be one female caster who isnt shitty, doesnt mean we can't say that the ones we have at the minute are.   I was not saying that these casters are shitty because they are women (apologies if I worded it wrong and implied this) I was saying that they are shitty, and as are all female casters in the industry.   Personally I would take a Moletrap / Hatperson duo cast over any cast with Jade or Kara on. At least Moletrap and Hatperson are energetic (or try to be)
0	Dude, fuck people like this. I take sweet joy in getting back at these people.   This happened to me yesterday.   I'm driving back from a friend's house. Normally, people go 50 on this particular road (40 mph zone) but there were a few cops around so everyone is taking it easy. I'm on the tail end of the traffic and there is a dude switching between two lanes, trying to figure out which will free up sooner. After he figures out that neither will free up, he starts to ride my ass. Now, normally, it's whatever, but I was feeling particularly naughty and I wasn't about to have some business douche think he can ignore common decency because he has money. I start to slow down in front of him. I drop to 20 mph (the cops are gone by now, but the traffic hasn't freed up by now. Any time he tries to get around me and into my lane infront of me, I speed up. This goes on until we turn onto another street. This street has a 55 mph speed limit, but since there are no intersecting streets for a few miles, the real speed limit is like, 70. However, there are only two lanes. There is one other car on the road, so I speed up so I'm right next to the car, look at her and notion for her to slow down. We are both going about 20 so as to really mess with this guy. The guy riding our asses, switching between us when one of us has an inside turn in case our blockade splits and he can slip by. The road turns into a three lane, he speeds around us and immediately hits a red light. I pull up two lanes away, pointing and laughing at him. His face turned so red, you'd think I'd have thrown eggs at his shitty sports car and cut his designer tie. The woman pulls between us, blocking eye contact. I start to inch up on the red, checking to see if he is doing the same.   The light hits green: Boom, he's off. Before he's across the intersection he's over all three lanes so he's infront of me and slowing down to 15 (remember, it's a 55 zone). I coast at 10, waiting for him to get around the bend so I'm sure no cops are around. He slows to 8, my SUV is practically on his BMWs bumper. The woman in the other car is gone; good thing, I don't want her caught in the crossfire. I turn on my high-beams and flash the ever loving shit out of his car. He speeds up, I turn them off. I move to the far left so as to get him a little better in case he pulls it again. FUCK YES, he does it again. I flash my high-beams again, hitting his rear-view mirror and left side mirror; the guy flips the fuck out. He speeds then stops. Fuck that, I'll play chicken (my car has amazing breaks), flash the high beams, don't start to slow. He peels out, still flipping me off and I got to my other friend's house with an awesome troll story.
1	All are good choices, but there are a few things you should know before you invest.   Xerath has a devastating kit, where you can stun someone at long range and blow them to bits. The problem is after that initial barrage, you can't really do much in teamfights for a while (same with all burst mages, really). Xerath is getting a kit rework at some point in the near future. Xelnath has already posted a bunch of iterations of the new kit. It's not on PBE, and probably won't be for a while, but it is coming.   Fizz is pretty great in solo queue. He's really assassiny feeling, and if your reaction time is good enough, you can pull off some godly dodges by becoming untargetable with is E. Fizz has been constantly bugged for a while. A lot of players talk about how he fails to do damage after his Playful/Trickster sometimes. I don't know the details, as I don't play Fizz. It may in fact already be fixed. Just something to keep an eye out for.   Ahri is really fun. She's a super mobile champion with her ult, and there's something awesome about landing a Charm and proceeding to blow someone up as they casually walk towards you. Ahri used to have a bug where her Charm would reset jungle mobs, so you couldn't use it to finish off Blue Buff. I've heard it's been changed now. I haven't confirmed it myself, but it's a minor thing anyway.
0	Blasian girl here.   While I wholeheartedly agree that the point is to learn to love yourself and not be a part of Black Culture if you don't want to be, I have to say it is difficult to do such.  It is not necessarily so cut as dry that OP is ashamed based solely on the actions of the mainstream Black community, nor is total separation a good way to go.   If you were to be excommunicated by the same group you thought you to belong to, surely there would be resentment.  Case in point, if we don't act "black" then we're obviously "whitewashed," want to be "white," and are automatically told that we cannot belong.  Since we act white, we cannot fit in with the "true" blacks, and since we have colored skin, we often get treated as the acceptable token.  For some odd reason, shades of skin color as well as hair length also play a role in who gets shunned.  The "light-brights" and the "good-haired" are condemned for  genetics , so even if you WERE acting "black" it somehow counts less.   Black Culture is also defined rather poorly.  We are taught from a young age it is about speaking Ebonics, about having a dope ride and all the bitches, having street cred, and taking no shit but taking what you want at gunpoint.  We are shown that successes are flukes in our race, and those who are successful need to be taken down off their high horse and shown their proper place among the druggies and the gangs.  The media seems to actively seek out the loudest, the crudest, the best examples of Black Stereotypes and that is one way to keep segregation going.  Keep the self-fulfilling prophecy perpetuated and the rest takes care of itself.  Many people hate the idea of us, much less the idea of their daughters marrying our sons.   My reasons for associating less with the Black community is mostly for the aforementioned mistreatment aimed at myself and my sisters because of cultural and phenotypic differences due to our mother being Filipino.   Only recently (as in, the past two years) have I rediscovered a want to be a part of the greater Black Community.  This is in part caused by (finally) having a decent experience with Black people.  Granted, these were university students who also had been ostracized through grade school, but together in our Scholars program we realized that the proper way about changing Black Culture is not to refute it, but to first improve ourselves then reach back to educate and inspire.   Yes, loving yourself is essential to simply living, but in order to not be ashamed of your race, you need to incite change within it.  Black people especially need to change visibly inside and out, change thought processes and actions, so that society can truly take notice.  So we don't necessarily have to all become doctors and CEOs.  But we do need to put forth effort for change and take pride in ourselves.  Not the peacocking, haughty pride that is perpetuated in Ghetto Fabulousness, or the typical Bourgeois, but the quiet, humble pride of a person who sees a problem or a need and works to fix it.
0	Well assuming you are not just some troll:   >The money in my pocket isn't as valuable as your life.   The joke is that this is akin to the end of Schindler's list.   The two comments, including the one with the gif, are relating what Schindler said to this. Relating the boss paying for a therapist to the scene is the joke.   I mean I see that and then you interjecting some odd, bullshit about the beauty of cinema and that the younger generation sucks because people make movie references without going to watch the scene they're referencing to appreciate the actors powerful performances and the cinematography.
1	Tell him that he can watch all the pro player he wants, but until he gets into a rank higher than you, he cannot comment since he isn't even at that level. I hate these types of people the most. Just cause you watch something does not make you a god. If it was so good, why is he S4? I build kog with BotRK first and I carry. Ignore that idiotic roommate of yours and you best should not be friends with him. He will just make you play worse with all the negativity. Each player has their own play style and if it works for you and not others, good for you. I don't know why he expects you to play like all the pro players.
1	None.   I know there is the video that floats around of the shyv pentakill with tiamat but that is honestly a 1 in 100 situation. You literally have to have the entire enemy team grouped up right on one another and then ult q into them.   It costs 2050g to build a tiamat and for that you can basically buy the components of a bloodthirster that will lead to a better scaling late game item that doesnt rely on opponents positioning to be good.
0	Okay but what exactly set, say, Iraq apart from Syria or Darfur, other than misinformation about WMDs and ties to the Taliban?   Simply put, there was enough political will for an intervention. I do not, nor ever did, agree with the intervention if that is what you're getting at though.   >We have to be honest here, these kinds of operations are less about human rights and more about politics and gain, otherwise we would have done something about North Korea by now.   I think they're generally far more complex and nuanced than you're alleging. I think the Iraq war was in part an attempt to bring down the regime of a truly, truly, truly horrific dictator who gassed his own people. I think it was also a long term plan since the 90s by neocons who wanted to stabilize the middle east and therefore oil prices (while lining their pockets in the process).   I think North Korean people need outside military intervention because they live in a tyrannical failed state. I also think any intervention would undoubtedly be portrayed as a geo-political ploy by some, regardless of the human rights element. I also think that it would line the pockets of th military industrial complex just as Iraq did.   See what I'm getting at? These interventions seem really necessary and great before any boots are put on the ground. But when they are, and people start dying, and people start to profit, and people point fingers, nearly any intervention will look like another Iraq to at least some people.
1	Agreed completely. He went from being one of the most fluid champions in the game to feeling outdated.   inb4 "it's OP and needed to be nerfed!"   Why not just nerf his numbers then? Casting W mid-air was awesome and made you feel like a badass. I think most players would be fine with Kha'Zix damage nerfs if it meant we could have this mechanic back.
0	you could definitely be more empathetic here.  do you think your brother wanted to piss on your couch? judging by how you are still raging, I probably would have left, too.
1	Maybe everyone just fails to understand this, but let me try my best to describe why this is happening.   These junglers are TOO strong and dominating in game     Stop looking at just solo queue win rates. These numbers have very little reflection on the champion. Just because you have a very powerful champ doesn't mean that you have good knowledge of the champ or that the champ can single handedly carry a game.     Champions that are played in LCS are played because they are the strongest champions in the game. They are the best at what they do, they offer strong objective control, dueling potential, late game scaling, and powerful initiation/clean up. Pros don't just casually pick whatever they want. They need to pick champions that can defend themselves early when alone, can counter gank and force ganks, as well as have speedy early clears with strong objective control. Every jungler you listed fulfills all the qualities a competitive jungler requires.     "Passive jungler smost of the time have a way better mid and late game unless they fall behind super early" ... You just explained EXACTLY why characters like Pantheon, Lee Sin, and Kha need some early game toning down. They can invade the opponent's second buff and EASILY kill them... no skill required, just pure out damaging out performing and faster initial clear. Obviously that level of aggression sets your passive jungler even FARTHER behind, and thus crushes them out of the game.     LCS players do not care if a champ is "fun" or "aggressive". They care if a champion will WIN. Not just occassionally win, but ALWAYS WIN. They don't have time to "try" to get to late game with Amumu or Nautilus. They don't have that luxury. They pick the STRONGEST champs with high early/mid game potential because thats where they need to succeed.
0	Why should this be BS?   I am a freelancer, but I went to a company recently to talk to them about some basic work they needed doing. We agreed that I would start as soon as they could train me as required.   After a couple of calls to arrange things they told me everything was delayed, but they want me to do some management work towards a new project which is far better for my career and will probably bring me right into the company almost full time, better paid than most of my work.   So except for the fact that I will be working on contract not employed the same happened to me. Now all I need is enough time to do it all.
1	So for absolutely no reason I decided to piece together the parts of your post that are in bold.   "So lets start what happened: I was always a very nice player. Yes, I did play bad - because I was out of the game. DuoQ, getting mad at each others desperation to get platinum again. I had to do something. Continuation of playing made it worse. I lost my focus, started to be toxic myself. Making the team moral even worse, distracted.......throw it myself....frustration. The system is frustrating itself."   Thats a decent
0	Wow. You're absolutely right. The Millenial generation is the very first become more accepting of people than the previous. You're also the first to have to fix the previous generation's problems, and most certainly the first to have to deal with a turbulent economy. Or the height of unemployment in the nations history. You're the first.  Are you the smartest too?   I - and everyone in your parent's generation - said  all  of those things at what I'm assuming was your age, and all of them were true at that time. So with all due respect, have some fucking perspective. I had all of these things to deal with, as did your parents. And their parents. And THEIR parents.   Every generation has issues to deal with. There are no exceptions. None.  You're not unique in that respect. Every generation has shit to fix and problems to overcome.   Come back to this post in 20 years when  your  kids feel the same way as you do now. No charge. Tel'em The Spaceman sent ya.
1	People have been saying this for like 5 months now... So there's that.   Besides he's not really toxic, he's not as salty as people say, it's just that the main part of reddit lacks a skill called "Social intellegence and experience". Like, Hotshot is like 10x worse when it comes to flame, and he does it in chat as well, and the dude is more salty than a 40$ meal from McDonald's. but it's cool when he does it because he's Hotshot. Like seriously, Bjergsen seems like a nice guy. But when you spend  70% of your time on league, and reddit, youre not gonna know what a real douchebag would look like.   Also: The reason Bjergsen was humble in EU is because he had the same confidence as an autistic carrot. If you wan't him to be like that again, or feel like that again, you're more toxic than any pro player.
1	Ok. As a counter, What about lux, morgana, chogath, sona, annie, brand, ashe, nasus, ryze, soraka.  Those are just a few off the top of my head who dont have escapes and are generally on the squishy side of champions (minus nasus and chogath) These champs have almost no viable option of escape when a bruiser who can jump on them or over walls gets on them. Basically a bruiser gets close to them they might as well curl up and die unless there near a turret or have a team member bail them out. I agree flash on ahri or kass is a poorer choice than having flash on lux(who were they laning against. if they were against a strong champ before 6 flash could have been an early game choice.), but these other champs cant go ghost. because theyll die before they even get out of range most of the time. most champions coming out have some form of gap closer or escape and some of the older champions dont have the kits to deal with this. That is just one of many reasons flash is widely used. the fact that you have black listed flash just shows (in my opinion) either a lack of skill or a major arrogance.  the utility of flash can not be ignored. picking flash does not make you bad or a noob. Ive won games with flash and made great escapes with flash. Ive done the same with ghost. or ive shut down mundo with ignite. I tend to pick my summoners on what 1. everyone else has 2. whats good on my personal champion and 3. whats needed (mundo and soraka... better have 3 ignites if we can.)   wall of text sorry.
1	I pretty much agree with what most people say on here about insults, comments, the directions discussion go in and the lack of real discussion, but I wholeheartedly disagree with pretty much everyone's thoughts on content.  This might be an unpopular idea but I think the current content of threads is a pretty perfect average of what everyone on here wants to read   E.G Personally I fucking hate posts about plushies but often there is an awesome story attatched with why they wanted to make or who they made one for. I don't then come onto this thread and complain about these threads because they  are still league content and are still what many of us want to see . I would support stream posts being moved onto the other subreddit IF it was EVER going to be popular but its not. If you move any of this content away from the main forum, thats just going to mean some people get what they want gone taken away while the rest of us  MISS OUT  on content that we actually DID want because a great deal of us are never going to use 5 subreddits just to get everything we want out of this one now.
0	I work at a bank. Had someone come in the other day because they're a beneficiary on one account and co-owner on another, and their mother had passed away. Got all bent out of shape when we wouldn't waive the early withdrawal penalty on the co-owned one and wouldn't do anything at all to the beneficiary one without the death certificate. Said they'd bring it in the following week. Eventually they let it slip that their mother wasn't actually dead /yet/. Just almost dead.  This is why the death certificate exists.
1	Slightly different scenario: last night I was top Mundo vs an Akali. She wasn't awful, but she wasn't very good either, and their jungler was shit while mine was pretty awesome for our level. We were very very obviously winning, and I could tell they were having a bad game. Late game Akali comes into all chat and asks if she can just kill me once. I tell her to come to Baron, then proceed to run in circles around here for a good 45 seconds while she killed me. Felt good to know it made her happy.
0	No. I just commented on that one so it would be more visible. ITT generally refers to things throughout the thread, and not just the comment it's directly associated with, in case ya didn't know. I will certainly not make the case that drugs are not interesting, I know for a fact that they are.   The problem I have with the naysayers in this thread is that OPs advice is not incorrect. It's referring to a post of a day or so ago of a guy talking about how much more interesting his life was when he was on drugs. That's all well and good, but it doesn't necessarily mean that what OP is saying is wrong. Drugs may make you feel good, pick you up, bring you down, lower inhibitions, what have you; the meat of OP's concept is that those things are generally irrelevant to doing interesting things. Whether you got drunk or high or stayed sober last night, you still had game night with friends, or climbed a tree, or cooked flat noodles for the first time, or met a girl with a cool accent, or had a Mario kart 64 tournament until 4am, or went skinny dipping, or sang your heart out along with show tunes, or sat in your room on your couch or computer and did jack shit. The fact of being under the influence of anything does not change the fact that you did (or didn't) do anything interesting last night, which is what OP was saying. His comment was a critique of the gentleman who "had more fun" when he was on drugs in his life, and OP was suggesting that if drugs were making his life interesting, maybe he should try to do interesting things while sober if he wanted to keep his sobriety. I was merely commenting that everyone bashing him in this thread and being drug addict apologists (because that's who OP was directing his comments toward) has an indefensible argument. If ya did fun things last night or didn't, sobriety is not really relevant. Might you be more inclined to do something out of your comfort zone under the influence? Maybe, but you can still do many many many interesting things without being high.   On the flip side, I drink all the time, and I've tried weed a bunch of times and coke. I am not a hater of drugs. I do believe that certain strong drugs have addictive capabilities, and a good chance of ruining lives (like our pal Philip Seymour Hoffman, anyone? Too soon?), and the thread is full of people bashing me and OP for that. If you want to do interesting things, go fuckin' do them! Don't use drugs as a crutch or excuse.
0	The only problem with this is determining (who gets to decide) what's on the test. Considering that raising a child also tends to include pretty much every controversial issue in existence in some way, shape, or form, and considering how badly we handle those issues directly, I have absolutely zero confidence in our collective ability to do this well.   This is the same reason that it's incredibly illegal (in the US, at least) to require any kind of test before being able to vote. And that's one where we  tried  doing it, and fucked it up  really badly . So much so that the Dept of Justice  still  has to approve any major changes to voting laws in certain states before they can take effect.
0	The cheapest vodka I found in college was called Congress and it was $12 a handle. It was dangerous to buy not because it tasted vile or probably would make you go blind, but because a teammate of mine would go around slapping people screaming, "Congress is in session!" And then stick the handle in your mouth.
1	MIAs are a considerate gesture. You should always communicate with your team.   That being said, MIAs are NOT necessary. You are responsible for your own map awareness. If you push past river, you should ALWAYS take a quick inventory of who's accounted for. Asking "mias?" before being aggressive is a good choice as well.
1	Basically it is just like WoW, in Vanilla (Max level 60) you could only play with the people on your server. You would run into them over and over again. Ofcourse there would be people you disliked but in general people were okay, not extremely harsh things were said.   At the following expansion (The burning crusade max level 70) Cross Realm Battlegrounds became a big thing and you started seeing more and more players in your battlegrounds, making the environment there quite toxic.   At the expansion after that (Wrath of the Lich King), they introduced Dungeon Finder, making it unnecessary to actually communicate with the people on your server unless you wanted to raid. So people weren't nice to eachother any more because they didn't NEED to engage things together for more then 20/50 minutes. In conclusion, making it unnecessary for people to see eachother more then once it creates a toxic environment where people don't care about what they say too others.
1	Honestly, the real problem with tryn in ARAM is the fury system. If he had some other way to generate fury, or only decayed to half fury or something, he'd be a lot better. I'm surprised no one has mentioned this in the thread so far.   Almost all of Tryn's early(ish) game strength comes from that 30% crit. If you try to AA minions you're going to lose more hp than it's worth. I'd love to see Riot do small, easy balance changes like buffing fury champs or nerfing the ungodly OP champs like Sona for ARAM. Either just numbers or simple mechanics.
0	I feel this way about many "popular" shows as well. I feel like most "fans" are bandwagoning for IRL karma. Family Guy hasn't been legitimately funny in years. It's a big ego stroke for Seth MacFarlane, god knows he's earned it but still. Bobs burgers is occasionally chuckleworthy. The Simpsons hasn't been funny since I still had acne. Doctor who is another one. The fans are fucking rabid and know one knows why. It's a good show but I'm not going to go frothing at the mouth to tell you about it.  And there's always one asshole who just KNOWS if you see this one episode, it will change your mind.
0	The NFL regulates everything they wear and HOW they were it. The towels they wear can only hang down a certain number of inches from the waist. They have to wear approved t-shirts during warm-ups.   A couple of years ago the coach of the 49ers (can't remember who it was at the time, it's not the current coach) wanted to wear a suit during the games instead of a polo, hoodie, sweater, what have you. The NFL wouldn't let him because it was not NFL gear made by the uniform provider, which at the time was maybe Reebox. If memory serves me correctly, the coach had the NFL's uniform provider make him a suit (no logos on it) and the NFL relented and let him wear it once I think.
1	It's fun till you find smurfs like Reep's here:  and tinker's here:
1	I dunno about this analysis. Let's say the average enemy has 2700 hp late game, so that would give an MBR user 108 damage per proc, +30 inherent to the item, along with 40% attack speed. So +138 damage on average, with 40% attack speed. It also gives a nice 25 armor.   It has a similar cost to an infinity edge (3800g to 3830g), which only gives +80 damage, with 25% crit, and 2.5damage per crit as opposed to 2.0damage per crit.   I'm not sure exactly how the attack speed calculation works (I don't want to just say that MBR gives 40% more dps), so I won't go on with the calculation, but I think this shows that compared to an infinity edge (usually seen as the highest dps item in the game), an MBR does a pretty healthy amount of damage. The biggest difference is that the 108 damage reaches its peak at end game, and that its magic damage (which can be construed as good if the enemy has been building armor against you all game, but bad if they've been building against other ap casters).   In conclusion, I think it's situational, and a bit simplistic to think of that 4% as a crappy 2%, since ALL damage you'll deal will get reduced by a good amount.
1	I understand you did it for the math and it's not worth it but did you consider the fact that most people (like myself) are rich as fuck and I don't give a shit how much I spend on this game? I'll start a noob account put a 3 day XP and IP boost and stack a 30 win IP and XP boost on top of that.
0	It appears from your explanation that you may not realize how many indiviudals are  involved in getting that individual to the front lines.  Each and every one of those involved in supporting the person in combat are veterans because without everyone involved there wouldn't be anyone on the front lines.   Trooops in combat zones receive compensation that support troops do not.  In addition, some classifications for veterans include if they were in a war theater or not.
0	You should be ashamed for the way you typed this meme. In all seriousness yeah fat people are ashamed. I'm fat but I'm more proud than ashamed because I'm doing something about it. I'm exercising and dieting and since I started, I found out I actually like lettuce. I've lost 15 pounds in a month and feel more proud than ashamed because I'm now able to wear what I haven't been able to in months. Thing is, aside from the weight I'm really healthy. I've never had problems with blood sugar and pressure, cholesterol, and diabetes (not to say I'm not at risk because I am and it's only from the fact that both my parents have it).
0	This is just plain wrong.   On communicating with third parties:   "(b) COMMUNICATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.  Except as provided in section 804, without the prior consent of the consumer given directly to the debt collector, or the express permission of a court of competent jurisdiction, or as reasonably necessary to effectuate a postjudgment judicial remedy, a debt collector may not communicate, in connection with the collection of any debt, with any person other than a consumer, his attorney, a consumer reporting agency if otherwise permitted by law, the creditor, the attorney of the creditor, or the attorney of the debt collector.   So unless you're skiptracing for location information, in which case you must    (1) identify himself, state that he is confirming or correcting location information concerning the consumer, and, only if  expressly requested , identify his employer;    Also   Does the FDCPA require disclosure of a caller’s identity to a non-debtor third party?   The U.S. District Court of Maryland recently ruled on this issue and the answer appears to be “No.”  See Lynn v. Monarch Recovery Management, Inc., 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 41700 (N.D. Md. March 25, 2013).  The issue of whether a debt collector violates 15 U.S.C. § 1692d(6) by failing to provide “meaningful disclosure” of its identity to a non-debtor was at issue in a suit brought by a non-debtor who alleged he was being harassed by calls from a debt collector seeking to recover debts incurred by either a prior resident or the non-debtor’s brother.   While the FDCPA requires that a debt collector provide “meaningful disclosure of the caller’s identity,” see 15 U.S.C. § 1692d(6), it also prohibits a debt collector from communicating with any person other than the consumer in the collection of debt.  See 15 U.S.C. § 1692c(b).  There is tension between these provisions as a “debt collector confronted by a third-party gatekeeper . . . while attempting to contact the debtor, cannot both provide meaningful disclosure pursuant to § 1692d(6) and comply with the requirements of § 1692c(b) preventing the disclosure of a consumer’s personal affairs to third parties.”  Lynn v. Monarch, 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 41700 at *35, citing, Fashakin v. Nextel Communications, 2009 WL 790350 (E.D.N.Y. March 25, 2009).   To reconcile the apparent conflict between these two provision, the court granted summary judgment to the debt collector holding that Monarch’s failure to meaningfully disclose its identity to a non-debtor plaintiff cannot subject it to liability under § 1692d(6).  The ruling confirms that the FDCPA’s meaningful disclosure requirement is limited to communications with a debtor.
1	Hi-Jacking top comment to explain in case some people might not speak English as their first language or just don't get it:   The bus represents the game lobby, and the first poster says he's forced to make the decision: "Do I deal with this maniac actually trolling, and have to potentially spend 20 minutes ingame with this troll and lose the LP, or do i just dodge now and settle for -10 and the wait 30 mins for the next queue?". Riotpls fix this by letting people in lobby vote to kick certain people if they behave like this.   RiotYmir responds with:  Imagine you could vote whenever someone said "Mid or Feed" to kick them from lobby, and re-queue. This would start a cycle of "Nope. Kick him." Imagine going into lobby with a 3 man premade "You're first pick, but my buddy isn't getting ADC teemo? Vote." That's at least 3/4 votes against you already. Sure someone else in the lobby may want to play, but they can't (or won't) speak up, or the vote just jumps to them. No queue will ever go through, realistically there aren't that many sensible people in every game lobby. Most lobbies will just end with kicks, nobody will even get into a game. The chances of everyone getting the role they seek are so low, it's almost bound to never happen. The League will never be the same.   Super
1	Olaf is an anti-carry in that his kit makes him very good at zoning off a carry so they don't deal much damage. A full tank olaf can just chase around a carry, and nobody can peel him off.   The problem is that if Olaf goes damage, he's never tanky enough to get to the carry he's chasing, so he never returns to the fight. If he goes full tank, he lacks the damage to do so.   In a team fight, you either run in and die, or run in and deal no damage and have no cc aside from chasing someone off (which is cc. if they deal no damage or reduced damage, it's a kind of cc, albeit not an official kind)   What this means is that the enemy team loses a fair portion of their dps, but your team loses a large portion of their HP/tankiness in a fight. If there's only one damage dealer on the enemy team, wonderful. Your team cleans up. If there is multiple, then your squishies probably die due to lack of front line, then the enemy team kills you or your towers.   As evidence of this, think of metas where Olaf was strong. It was times like season 2, when ad carries were gods smiting their opponents. Teams were built to protect their adc. If olaf chased your teams ad carry out of the fight, you lost. That was it. And you couldn't stop Olaf from chasing away your adc unless you stomped him early.
1	Granted, I'm not the best League player in the world, but this doesn't seem like a very great build to me.   Rod of Ages, yes, Zhonya's, yes, Athene's, yes, but I'm not too certain about the rest of the items. Liandry's only procs on the first hit of her Q, IIRC, and I feel like there's probably better items you could replace it with.   With RoA and Athene's I have enough mana and sustain on Liss that I really don't see Archangel's/Seraph's being necessary on her, and Iceborn just seems like it'd be terrible on her. Abyssal would be all right, I suppose, if there's a lot of AP on the enemy team, but again, I think Athene's helps enough with MR.   And what about Deathcap?? With her AP ratios, I don't know why on earth you wouldn't get it on her, sure she starts out pretty weak, but in my experience so far, if you get enough AP on her she turns into a pretty effective burst mage.
1	You are right, especially on that last point. I still think korea is a bit stronger overall. And I still don't understand what happened to Dade (ok his champion pool got nerfed, but if he's such a good player he should be able to pick new champions up imho).   Also, what I meant about MVP o, was that though they were 3rd in summer OGN, I felt like their games were a lot less clean than in spring OGN (eg. 3/2 close win against frost). I wouldn't say I predicted them not to get out of group stage, but my expectations weren't as high as they were before that.
0	As a former Graduate Teaching Fellow (you know, the guy who teaches your 101 class so the Prof. can focus on students that actually care) I can tell you that the school puts a LOT of pressure on Professors to "update" their texts on a regular basis... and by "update" I mean "change to the newest textbook and force the kids to need it".  Schools put pressure on the professors to use "verified teaching materials" as well, meaning expensive textbooks rather than, say, something cheap or free online.   One of the professors I worked for would do so and then tell kids the first day of class that they didn't need the textbook; if they hadn't bought it yet don't and if they had return it.   Trust me, professors (except the ones that write textbooks) hate this shit just as much as the students do.  Most of them, however, sacrifice your money in order to appease the school so that their career isn't held up by a dean/department head who remembers they were the prof. that ignored their "suggestions" to "update" the course materials.   It's all very political too, because even if that professor doesn't care about advancing his career for whatever reason (such as tenure) the department head will screw them on things like classroom assignments and department resources.
0	One time I went by my Mom's house in the middle of the night for some random reason. There was a truck in the driveway I'd never seen before. Use my old key to go inside, furniture is all gone, carpet cut up amd rolled into corner, go to back room. See guy in sleeping bag, kick him in the back as hard as I can asking him "Where is she?!". Kicking continues not letting him up. Stop and ask again, he tells me the house was repoed and he was sent to clean it. I run and never look back.
0	That's if you want to play their game and just want to hurt them.  I wouldn't do it, though I would be tempted.  The correct thing to do is to let them know that you know and that it is over.   You're still a human being and though you've been wronged, it is not your job or right to undermine another person's psyche.    The very thing that might have lead them to make such a selfish and immature decision as to cheat in the first place might partially be due to a lack of self esteem.   If you step back from the pain for a minute and realize that people are at different stages of spiritual growth and that we must help one another, you can bow out of this situation without lowering your own dignity at all.
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half.     behind a school bus in a school zone, they said I was going 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind     On my 17th birthday the speedzone was changing from a 25mph to a 35mph and I was on the last block of the 25mph zone, got pulled over for going 30mph     My tail light was out and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new bulb, I used my hand signals and still got pulled over and they gave me a 124$ ticket for that one.
0	I would argue that prohibition creates 10 billion in tax burden to us tax payers a year because of incarcerations from marijuana. Add the revenue from selling marijuana and that is a big chunk of change. Not enough to fix the economy but an easy fix. Plus i mean its kind of immoral to lock someone up for selling a weed that does little to no harm. So it has a direct effect on every U.S. citizen.  Also, those violent cartels make half their money off marijuana sales. That being said protecting civil rights is also a big win.
1	I'll be honest, sometimes I try and get the other team riled up to make mistakes. I'll taunt and poke fun and such, but I'll always GG and will always re-GG at the score screen with a smiley face to let them know it's all just mind games towards my total domination, but meant in good fun. I feel mind games should be separated from assholes who just play to berate and diminish others peoples pleasure, enthusiasm and fun of Esports in general (which is basically what it comes down to in the long run). Be a tactician, not an ass wipe.
0	You misunderstand.   People at the time had a habit of viewing industrialization as unambiguously good. There was certainly a number of people who pointed out the social stratification, dangerous labor, and declining conditions of poor city-dwellers, but no one paid much attention to them. Industrialization made life easier for everyone, and that made it good!   Then people saw the trains and camps and factories. They saw furnaces that acted as waste disposal facilities. They saw pits filled with chemicals that had dissolved hundreds of bodies into a noxious goo. The saw the showers and cattle guns. They saw skeletal figures stacked like palettes.   The holocaust was a well-documented case of something people viewed as good being turned toward unimaginable horror. No, that's wrong. It was an incredibly imaginative horror, the kind that seeps into the dark corners of your mind and never really leaves you.   Stalin, on the other hand, got his numbers up so high by starving people to death. This was more effective and completely evil, but it didn't have that visceral perversion of the very tools that were meant to make life better.
1	Personally I start boots 3 pots (you can wait for the 4th if you wish). Definitely go mid as you do not have a natural escape. Early game try to only use your abilities if they can hit the enemy champ then use the shield to protect you while farming. The first thing you should buy is either a kage's lucky pick (and more heath pots) or if you have enough a hextech revolver. The AP and spell vamp allow you to start spamming your abilities. Another thing that helps is taking the wraiths (normally 1 E and 1 Q does it). Later you just build the tanky AP items (WoTA, Abyssel, Zhonya's)   edit: You'll need to take the heath regen mastery in the defense tree to make this a ton easier. Also resistances are better than health because the shield takes them into account but health does not. And there is nothing wrong with letting opponents push the first few minion waves (gives you safe farming if you have a jungle or understand turret hits on minions)
0	But there weren't widespread hunan rights violations in Iraq. By invading, we made the average Iraqi's life worse. We also created a war which resulted in hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths.   In Syria? Their government was actively killing their people with chemical weapons. Global intervention would have only helped.
1	Personally I don't like the jungle changes but I don't really rant about it. I've been playing in jungle since the S2 preseason and I will continue doing it. People say that there are only few viable junglers and that's their problem - nobody is forcing you to pick the meta champion, even in higher tiers of solo queue. You just follow the structure shown in LCS, where you have to pick a bruiser, because it's the best right now.   Posts or comments saying that less than 10 champions are able to do a first clear and buy a jungle item are clearly wrong. It is indeed harder with few of them, but it's still doable. I haven't touched Jarvan in a month, played Vi and Lee twice and still was able to get from to P3 to D5 on EU West, using champions like Fizz, Olaf, Reksai, Sejuani, Shyvana, Kha'zix, Rengar or even Evelynn. If I had Elise on that account I would also play her, since I know her well and can abuse her mechanics. The champion may give the advantage, but it's mostly up to player, if you are good with your champion you don't care about the global winrate of nerfs. If you abuse the meta champions and "mains" FoTM, well..... it's your problem.   On the other hand, people don't understand some of the changes. For example, ranged junglers nerf with reducing the number of soft leashes. Do you really think that ranged champions should have a clear advantage of having 100% hp after 3-4 camps, because the jungle didn't attack them? It was a bug that had to be fixed.   Ok, the end of my post, you are free to downvote me if you disagree. I would like to thank the moderation team for creating this thread since reading the 10th thread about the same thing was really annoying.
1	With due respect to the mods, I think there is substantial inconsistency with what's allowed on the subreddit.  Gaming house tours are no good, but things like player tweets, facebook posts, PSAs that we've heard for the umpteenth time, random images or gifs of Snoopeh's stare, etc.  I don't mean to suggest that these things shouldn't be on the subreddit; I think they should.  But for many of them, I think they have the same sort of irrelevance to the game that some seem to think gaming house tours do.
1	I think you're undervaluing the power of rocket grab. Consider the fact that if you hook on thresh, you have to pull yourself in and possibly another teammate, or not go in at all. In some cases, this is better, such as if you hook a bruiser or if you can bring someone with hard initiate like malph with you. However, if you're playing blitz your hook moves much faster and has a longer hitbox, and if you pull a carry as blitz it is always better than if you hook a carry as thresh because there is no risk involved. You pull in that mf, and she is instadead as long as you have your team. You hook an mf as thresh, and you have to initiate a teamfight, allowing the entire enemy team to react and counterplay to whatever you and your team are doing.
0	I've actually used "I'll probably get downvoted for this" a few times, but when I do, it's to make it apparent to the person I'm commenting on that I really don't care that what I'm saying won't be agreed with by him, but it's something I felt I should say. It's not for attention, like the whole "am I ugly?" thing, it's actually because I believe I'll get downvoted, but I just don't care. I've never once seen a girl say "I'm so ugly" or "am I ugly" who actually thinks she's ugly. It happens, I'm sure, but not often. It's usually while posting a picture of herself in some stupid pose that makes it obvious that she thinks she's anything but ugly.
1	Wow that's great! No need for the
1	I am a Riot fan, but I give no cares about a new website. I know the website team isn't the same team that would give us a new client but I really need to see some progress on that new client soon.
0	Hey I'm a 90's kid, and this absolutely fucking enrages me. I was diagnosed after I finished school and I can't tell you how much difficulty i had during school because of ADD. To suggest that I have now accepted mediocrity with my diagnosis is incredibly offensive. Did you stop to think that there may be kids just like you getting beaten who can't simply improve their grades on a whim. What you need to do is read more and speak less. I don't know if i've seen a more blatantly ignorant post on reddit to date.
1	I get your point, but I'd rather see a community who just think they should be good and try to learn to be better over whining about the system.
1	It still is not justified. You always face obstacles in life. Be it nature itself presenting you with a problem or other humans who are the problem themselves. Just because you face a couple of trolls or feeders, you can't end up drophacking an entire game. Not only is this unfair to you, its unfair to the winners. Imagine if this happen'ed to you when you were  winning , how is it justifiable then??   Lets say you were playing football (Soccer). At 89 minutes you're 7 - 0 and you've absolutely crushed the opposing team. Suddenly the referee declares that the match was played on unfair terms, say something that was completely  out of your control , the next time you meet they absolutely crush you ( Its their day ). Your morale is torn apart and shredded to pieces.   However my opinion is, the same scenario does not apply for the SK - GMB remake. Granted that it was something out of GMB's control but the fact that SK noticed it and acknowledged the fact that something is wrong  but  Riot did not give them the opportunity to remake the game show's that it was unfair for both the team's and was a really really bad call by Riot.
1	Has nothing to do with the subject as a whole... and wether means castrated male goat, so I guess I like goats.     He has a red beard I have a black beard.     People aren't flaming him, they're just disagreeing with his actions.     Your first bullet is toxic; practice what you preach.       TD;LR
1	I understand, the rage, the countless hours of time doing nothing productive, the terrible community. It begs the question, why play? I think everyone's answer to the question is a bit different but for me, its the adrenaline rush and playing on skype/ts3 with my friends. Its the yelling like a pirate and calling the other team landlubbers as gp. Its the videos like those made by choleraninja and dunkey. Its the absolutely hilarious things that happen that you can only share with friends who are in game with you(lucky ashe arrows, blitz pulls, random kills by/from cait/teemo/nid traps, etc.). Its the perfectly executed ganks. Its the baron/dragon steals that make you feel like a pro. Its just so much more, I justify all the time I play league by the fact that I find ways to make it so much fun.   I also know that if I have a rough night where im raging or doing bad, I try to queue with friends and either troll build for fun or play a champ Im confident with and try to pubstomp. It also helps knowing when to mute your team. I assume you're not 30, as you progress you'l find that people will do less absolutely retarded stuff( not saying that it still doesn't happen). I also find that for some reason normal draft mode is better than blind pick when it comes to stupid stuff like that.
1	Unknown people don't like each other. This is always the case, no matter which community you take     In LoL, you have to play together with 4 other people. If your team is losing, you can't just switch people (e.g. in MMORPG's, you can replace one member of a raid, who is playing poorly, with another and everything is fine); you have to stick with the same people for at least 20 minutes. As they do not like each other (see above), they start blaming each other.
0	Here is an attempt at an impartial analysis, with data from [here](   With a little interpolation, the article states the average person can metabolize 9.5 mL of alcohol per hour. Bud Light has an ABV of ~4.2%, and a standard can has ~355mL. This means there is 14.9mL of alcohol in each can, and means the average person would need to drink less than 1 can every 94 minutes in order to actually sober up.   What this doesn't account for is the wild differences between people. Some people naturally have faster metabolisms. Some people have slower metabolisms. Some people hate the taste of light beers, and as such will drink them much more slowly than they would drink other beers.
0	Fiances mother had a habit of putting bleach in the toilet and leaving it there hours. One day she forgot to tell me and I was in a hurry. Midway through pissing there's this loud fizzing noise and then my lady parts are burning and then I can't breath. I quickly flush and get the hell out of there. Worst sore throat ever for the next 3 days.
1	That's an interesting point, let me address it.  I think having abilities/passives that are useless at level 1 in certain situations is just fine in terms of design. Level 1 fights are unique in that players have to make very serious trade offs between combat strength and lane presence/sustain.  Choice of ability is the same - teams planning on invading at level 1 often take CC abilities over better laining abilities.  With Lux, you have a similar trade off at level 1 - take CC with a chance of passive procs, or a hefty bonus to team survivability (hitting everyone with her shield is a lot of shield).  Trade offs like these are critical to the depth of the character and gameplay.  Not everything in a champ kit should perfectly synergize - if it did, champs would be boring. LoL is a game about progressing, and making later choices more meaningful by making other abilities (like Lux's passive) dependent on which abilities you choose.
0	Oh professor, you're hysterical. Can I get your e-mail one more time though? I've misplaced my notebook and need to turn in my essay!   seriously though, have you caught on this is the internet and sometimes people type on phones that mess up your words or they simply don't feel the need to use special formatting for an informal social dialogue, much like the every day language spoken by everyone instead of what many consider "Proper English"
1	honestly, you did a great job! phreak seems to have a lot of other responsibilities (as you all do, I'm sure), so I wouldn't mind you taking over the champion spotlights in his place!
1	I think you are over thinking it a tiny bit. Primarily, Big bang theory is not a smart show. You aren't getting the meta humour of community, or the quality stories and character development like in How I met your mother (before the recent season, which is terrible). I fully recognize the humour in Big bang theory is cheap, but I still find it funny. Its hard to explain it in a intellectual sense. With shows like community I can explain that the humor appeals to me personally because it specifically appeals to my age group and demographic and lifestyle and blah blah blah...With big bang theory I find its more simple.   I find it funny because I just generally find some situations humorous. Its an exaggeration on the "nerd culture" and I see where a lot of people take offence. Some friends I have see it and find it offensive because its portraying their own interests wrong. It bothers me a little when I see certain things talking about one my interests portrayed totally wrong (every instance where they reference world of warcraft in big bang theory makes me cringe, hard) but I understand that the demographic of the show is not people in that stereotype, but people on the outside, people who dont know about the subjects. now I can see why this may piss people off, it ruins the image of people who actually like things like games, comic books and such, but I look past it.   Basically, I just try not to think too much when I watch the show. I try and look at the show with the view of someone outside the "nerd culture" and Im able to get a few laughs out of the exaggeration of it all. So yeah I understand your hatred, I really can see where you are coming from...But I try not to over think it. If I want a intellectual show Il watch it. When Im watching TV in the evening, and I flip to BBT on, yeah il watch it. I agree its going to become weaker, it already has. At one point I found Sheldon to actually be a good character, because at first they actually captured a person with aspergers decently. At this point they have just changed his character too much, and there is too many contradictions. Seasons 1-3 are defiantly better than anything new, aside from a few choice episodes.
0	I am still a full time student. I do not have full time work and have never had full time work. I earned an athletic training license, which is the result of a four year professional degree and a licensure exam. I've been asked to volunteer my license and that the event was prestigious enough to have my working there be its own reward. I told them no. I will not give up a full day of studying or spending time with friends to volunteer my resource to an event or person or company that wants to cover themselves legally and let me take the tort risk.   This is not an uncommon phenomenon in the sports medicine world. There are plenty of people who would love to use your abilities and not pay for them. Loads of athletic trainers work for less than their value or for hours above and beyond their reimbursement. Students in my program are uncompensated and act as extensions of the athletic trainer, doing many of the day-to-day tasks that are required to operate the athletic training room and the sports medicine department as a whole. Meanwhile, students are generally too busy between academics and athletics to hold an additional job that accumulates enough to cover rent in the area (≥$500/mo is typical).   Physical therapy students are in the same boat; uncompensated for the work that they do. In the clinic, a competent physical therapy student will multiply a licensed PT's productivity by a factor of 1.5-2.0 and the units they bill aren't volunteer or pro bono; the clinic or hospital for whom they work is being reimbursed. Meanwhile, programs generally build the cost of going on clinical into the cost of the semester or charge the student for the cost of tuition while they are away on clinical. So the student getting a "good experience" by paying the university and generating revenue for the clinic/hospital and providing quality care to the patient.   Am I thankful for my positive experiences? Of course. Have I learned a lot? No question. Have I made strong contacts with talented people who will write a letter of recommendation when I ask? You bet. I wouldn't trade those things away because my value will only continue to rise as I collect these experiences. That said, it's frustrating to be broke and watch other parties being reimbursed for my labor.
0	You don't feel a little cheated? We never get recognized for anything outstanding. People are joking around saying comedians and hockey. Those aren't monumental things. I would have liked to see Canada portrayed in the correct light in that film! At the very least, it would have been nice if Ben didn't make up the part about coming up with the whole idea; yea, the guy (don't remember main characters name) was a hero and carried through with the plan and kicked ass...did he have to steal the idea glory from us too??
0	this is going to be buried way down in the comments, but i can identify and here's my story:   i was back to my first motocross race after being off the bike for a while as i recovered from one of several injuries i'd suffer in my attempt at being a decent racer. i ran a practice session and felt good so i decided to stick with it and line up for the race. switched out to fresh (dry) gear and rolled to the gate almost late. i got my goggles on (typical last step), pulled in the clutch, held the rpm's up, and stared at the entrance to the first corner with the lust of a fat guy at an all you can eat bbq. the gate dropped, and the race was on. unfortunately, about that same time i spotted something in my peripheral vision. within the time it took to slip up into 3rd gear it came into plain view, and it was obviously a spider. i figured the vibrations from the 2-stroke engine got him all worked up, so i took my left hand (the one not on the throttle) and quickly swiped my goggles. the spider was still there.   i've never been afraid of spiders, but this sudden realization that i had one trapped on the inside of goggles between my eyeballs and freedom was a feeling i'd never considered.   i'm pretty sure my girlish scream could be heard above the scream of 39 other 2 stroke engines, and instead of nailing that first turn i went straight, nearly taking out several other riders. after leaving the track, i nearly took out a few trees. by the time the bike finally stopped i'd unstrapped the chin strap and thrown the helmet and goggle combination off in one piece.
1	I feel like some of the responses are taking a little bit of a wrong direction to approaching the problem. Yorick is a lot less intimidating than a lot of people make him out to be.   1) Don't pick specifically to counter. While people with sustain (Trundle/Cho), have theoretically better matchups against yorick, don't pick them for the sake of being a "counter". I've seen many people fall into this trap and lose lane because they simply aren't prepared to play the champion against good yorick players.   2) Doran's shield is a fantastic starting item, and very useful against Yorick.   3) Go into the bushes, as BadSag said. The ghouls won't follow you.   4) Don't fall into the trap of building too tanky (Dependant, of course, on your champion.). Yorick doesn't have large amounts of early game burst damage (his pontential for trading comes from the damage reduction from his passive, and the damage from ghouls). Yorick usually rushes doran's shield/tear, and tear is a very weak item in terms of early game trading. Building damage will allow you to force him into being scared of you and HAVING to sit back, rather than you being scared of him and being forced to sit back and eat his harass.   5) Push early. Having a level advantage on Yorick makes him a lot less scary.   6) Don't be scared of him. Seriously. There are quite a few champions that can kill him early. Riven, Rumble, and even Shen come to mind.
1	Lolskill is not how you decide who is "best". It gives too much weight to who plays that champ in solo q. I'll bet that the top 5 zeds on lolskill could duel bjerg, hai, or any LCS mid and get humbled really quickly, for instance.
0	As someone that played a Dark Age of Camelot on/off for 10 years and tried a few times to vill that void with WoW... don't do it.   I don't know if you're physically active or not, but I suggest getting into triathlons (if you have a bike or the means to buy one).  You don't need all the fancy gear that will inevitably be pushed your way, but I find it way more satisfying now to think of my own stats as what are worth improving.  Granted, I still get the urge to game occasionally, but between Assassin's Creed (the original one) and Borderlands I can usually spend a few hours on a weekend and kill the craving.
1	Look at your death recaps. Check to see how much of the damage was from magic, and how much from physical, and build resists appropriately. You've got the right percentages when one of two things happen: (1) you stop dying, or (2) when you die it's 50/50. That said, I like to start with cloth armor and hp pots. Most of the damage dealt in the first few levels is from autoattacks, which cloth helps to mitigate. The next item depends on who I'm laning against, but is subject to change based on overall enemy team comp. If I die to an autoattacker/AD carry but he's the only one on his team, I'm not going to build a Thornmail.   Tank builds are the most flexible, I think. You have to build to counter, so it's difficult to say "here's a build that always works; go forth and pwn" because that would be a blatant lie. However, I'll tell you my typical build and the reasoning behind it. I start with cloth, get a philo stone and a hog on first or second trip back, boots1, negatron or null magic mantle (negatron to build into FoN if the enemy team is caster heavy, or null magic to build into mercs if they have CC), giant's belt, finish FoN, finish boots, buy glacial shroud, build giant's belt into warmog's, build glacial shroud into frozen heart, build either banshee's or sunfire depending on enemy team comp, and finish with an atma's. FoN is highest MR, and FH is second highest armor, so by the time you've got those three items, you should be pretty unkillable.   Remember that you're building in response to enemy builds. If there are champions who can build either AP or AD, look at their builds before committing to a particular set of items. Don't be caught off guard if you see an AD Teemo when you expected AP. Again, always look at your death recaps. They're extremely helpful.   Be flexible with your builds. I've built both Thornmail and FH in a single game because the enemy team was dumb enough to have pretty much only AD. 300 armor, 4k hp, and 75 MR is better than 190 of each resist against all AD comps, and vice versa for AP comps. It's unlikely that you'll see such AD/AP heavy teams, though, so usually you should have an approximately equal amount of each resist.   Also, know what type of damage each champion does, and how much damage they do. If I see a tank, a support, two melee autoattackers, and a nuker, I'm going to prioritize MR. I can disregard the tank and support, because they're not major damage dealers (not that they should be completely neglected, but they type of damage they do is less relevant because they deal less damage), and the autoattackers are melee, so they also focus on survivability early game, so I know that the main source of damage early game (probably balancing out later in the game) will be AP. So in that case, don't rush a sunfire/thornmail.
0	I was accepted into some nice, but pricey private univs and ended up going to UT-Austin. Best decision of my life since the financial burden would have crippled my folks for the private/out-of-state schools. On top of that UT-Austin is one of the best univs in the country for science/engineering and at an awesome value.
0	I'm not asking you to sympathize with her. I'm just pointing out that it's not unreasonable to think she regrets not making something for herself instead of becoming dependent on someone else.   I've been completely independent, with my own job my only source of income to pay all my bills and feed myself (barely, too). I've also been completely  dependent  on someone else. I did nothing while they worked and brought in the paycheck. And to be honest, it's not a good feeling. It's nice not working at first, but in the end you just feel like you're throwing your life away. I actually got very depressed because of it. At least the experience made me appreciate work a whole lot more, so I never feel the need to complain about it. People always think they want to be able to just sit around the house and do nothing all day, but it's really not that great.
0	This is an amazing explanation, thank you so much for this.   I have a couple of Muslim friends and we've talked about this so I understood the basic premise of how and why this behavior is actually condemned but this explanation is extraordinary and it really has cleared a LOT up for me. I would give you gold if I had the money, but alas I'm broke.   I think more people need to see explanations like this and realize that the entire war is essentially manufactured by both sides, and the 'jihadists' are really nothing more than cleverly manipulated pawns in the never ending power game.   I'm really glad you took the time to respond to this, I learned a lot from it. People like you are the reason why people like me and so many others don't fall into the trap of senseless hate. Happily this benefits everybody because as we all know, hate and violence only perpetuate more hate and violence.   Unfortunately, due to bullshit wars waged for nothing more than extreme profiteering we (meaning primarily the USA) have put ourselves in a situation where the military blowback in parts of the Middle East will be massive in the coming years. The 'War on Terror' has done far more to foster discontent and hatred than really anything else, and the repercussions of our horrible decisions are only beginning to be felt, and it is primarily our own fault.   This has the benefit of making it easy to turn people into misguided 'jihadists' because it's not much of a leap to want to wage war on the people that carpet bombed your country and used drone strikes to kill your friends and family, even if it was only accidental, because accidents only happen once or twice, not 1,200 times.   I sort of got off track here, but ultimately my point is that your explanation was incredibly insightful, and in my eyes after everything we have done it really isn't a huge stretch to see why and how the extremists end up so far off of the intended message, especially when often they are being influenced from a very young age.   Hopefully someone richer than I can hook you up with some of that oh so precious gold. I hear the market's down right now and it's a steal.
0	So I am living with a woman again for the first time (in a few years), and for the most part she is pretty clean. When we first moved in though.. she did the dishes all the time. Now, she doesn't do them at all. I'll do whatever is in the sink while I get ready for work. In the day time when she is at home/school and her boyfriend and myself are at work, she piles dishes in the sink. She has him trained to have the dishes done by the time she gets home from work/school otherwise she gets mad at him.
1	Why not make it so, that you can activate a x$ code you get from the Red Cross/other organizations, that you get for donating x$ or donating blood equals y$. Just the legality of the blood donation in exchange for something might be questionable.
0	I am not an EMT. I am a paramedic. I give a wide range of drugs, intubate, cannulate, read ECG's to reasonable depth, and do a variety of other interventions that EMT's can't (in the UK).   He is no longer a Health Care Professional, and has been retired for 2 decades. He is from the 'old school' of medicine. You know, where women were pretty little things in uniforms, and were laughed at for being considered able to go higher than nurse. Ambulance men, were just taxi drivers, with a stretcher to scrape people up, and nurses were just the arse-wipers, and gophers. He has not had a clinical update in 30-40 years.   His 'tests' for me would be stuff that we would see every day.   An example:   UNCLE:- You are called to a man in the road; he is seemingly unconscious. What do you do? ME:- Well, check for danger, try and get a response from verbal, then pain stimuli, then assess his ABC's.  UNCLE:- Ah, yes, but then you notice an empty bottle. Now what do you do? ME:- Assume it must be Friday night, and I must be in a town in the UK, but not rule out medical or trauma causes. So get a blood sugar, take other observations, such as pulse, BP, oxygen saturations, and do a full secondary survey, to assess for trauma, from the head down. In the event of no obvious cause, and irreversibility with anti-opioids, transfer to the appropriate A&E dept at hospital, depending on if there is stroke, cardiac or trauma as a potential cause. (in the UK there are specialist treatment centres for these things).   At this point my uncle, would usually try and go to a depth of medical knowledge that would be beyond me, but fail, because his knowledge has diminished, and he thinks I am just an ambulance driver. Which I am not - I drive a car.   I don't pretend to know everything, and there is an enormous gap between General Practitioner, or in fact ANY medical doctor, and a Paramedic, There is no disputing this, and I would not even try. But my uncle is not a GP any more, and has not been for some time. He would not be able to cut it in the modern world of medicine. He is quite patronising, and also rather condescending with his manor, as I imagine he has always been to his staff, and patients, because that is how a lot of them were in the "good ol' days".
1	I love how no one from Riot has popped up to even contribute. I'd love to hear what a Riot guy has to say about the current report system. Seems that the toxic players are benefiting from this automatic chat restriction system.
1	I don't know why you're getting down votes but I totally agree.   I've found myself asking "why am I trying so hard in these ranked games?... why does it matter to me?" I started this season in Silver II, got Gold pretty quickly and felt good about myself for accomplishing something. I thought to myself "I'm happy with Gold, now it's time to enjoy the game". Which was the way it was, for a while, until I got into Gold III and thought to myself "Man I might be able to get Plat". After a month of rage and stressing out, I finally got to plat, and now that I'm here.... I don't know why I wanted it so bad. I won't be able to get to diamond, I won't go pro. What was all this anger and stress for? A pretty little icon and to say I "accomplished" something?
0	You guys on here are better people than me. And I am not ashamed to admit that.   If my wife had a mental illness (which she doesnt), OF COURSE I would be there for her and never leave her side. But if I was about to go into a relationship KNOWING a woman had a mental illness? I honestly don't think I could do it.
0	Studying" art != art.   Yes. We should all learn how to build robots. You can still create art. In fact, robots are a form of art themselves, so is Kraftwerk, so what's your point?   I guess this subreddit is full of butthurt art students.   Well... it's /r/AdviceAnimals after all and the creation of these memes is exactly what the majority of art students will amount to in their life other than working at Starbucks.   But hey, don't get demotivated. It's just that people studying science can also create art AND have a real job.
1	I think that there should be a queue for it, and you pick a champion that you like to play. E.g. You pick  Urgot  and it comes up with the first game with a DCd  Urgot  in it. This will reduce the chances of you getting a troll, because people will pick a champion who they like.
1	The reason that OPs develop is that Riot want every champion to always have a chance against other champions. They want every single thing to have counterplay for EVERYONE. To do this, they generally avoid, as far as possible, hard counters. This means that, when a champion becomes very strong, there isn't a hard counter to it that can necessarily be brought out to beat it.   So some champions become strong, and then they get nerfed, and then some other champions get strong because they used to be beaten by the other ones, and so they get nerfed, such is the Riot way.   But without these nerfs, the picks will never evolve. In a game like Dota 2, where they aren't afraid of putting in hard counters, you can just pick a counter to the OP, and there are a massive selection of items like you'd like to counter them as well. See "The Play": this was a masterful bit of theorycrafting used to perfectly beat what was considered to be the most blatantly overpowered thing at the time. This is possible because everything has things that can beat it very hard.   But in League, every matchup has to be able to go both ways, so when a champion gets too strong and starts to be able to beat these counters, it no longer has ways to beat it. You can't pick the absolute hard counter, because there so rarely is one.   Since Riot are so determined to keep this as a philosophy, putting greater power into items is a great idea. The item diversity in League has always been criticised for there being too few used, and there straight up aren't that many overall. But the issue is that so many are incredibly generic, Deathcap for instance is one of the dullest items there is, "damage". If every item filled a particular role in terms of what it could do, like Zhonya's for instance, then there would be far more counterplay for everything.   Riot seem very scared to put that much power into items, but it they would, then the game could become far more interesting. How about a silence on an item, or an enrage thing similar to Ghostblade, but for more damage instead? Then, if when those were combined you got too much power, well, get an item that blinds them, and removes this moment of power from them. It would be a far more interesting game then, because you could choose between having say that enrage active for more power over a short period, or you could go for an item that gives you flat stats but less of them, so you're stronger over longer periods.   For this to happen though, generic, all-purpose items like Deathcap and Athene's really shouldn't just be nerfed, they should be straight up removed. No item should be an absolute must buy to fulfill a requirement like these often are, there should be meaningful options for who you're playing against. The item system really needs a proper overhaul, removing dull items that give players no "meaningful choices" ( cough Riot values cough ) and adding more power to them in general, so that every champions remains with the ability to beat others, but while gaining far more interesting options to do so through items.
1	I tend to play ADC quite a bit, and although I'm no diamond player, I can definitely give some sort of input. Most of the time, you're going to want to take down whoever is the biggest threat to  you  at the given point in time.   I reason it this way, because in most situations (speaking in terms of teamfights), you're most likely not going to have the opportunity to directly take down the opposing Tristana as Vayne. Let's just be real.   However, if the enemy Alistar is bullrushing in for the CC, you're going to focus him as best as you can. Your job is to take down the targets by the level of threat in respect to  YOU.   I mean, sure, if you have a clear shot, and there is no other opposing threat higher than the enemy ADC, by all means,  do what you (and your team) sees fit.   I usually remember this little saying when playing:   "In optimal circumstances, your team will peel for you. However, the enemy team will peel for their ADC as well."  I hope I gave quality enough advice for you.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	A few nights ago, I drank till I was a bit tipsy and was playing a few games with my friend while we chatted over skype.  Normally we don't play all too seriously and we'd joke around and such.  My big issue in my normal play is I play too safely and rarely like to dive into a fight.  However, with some inhibition gone, I did somewhat better in those games and it was a lot more fun.  Ultimately, I think it's up to the individual player and being too drunk probably hinders most players as LoL requires a lot of reflexes, like driving.
0	I disagree. At the bottom of the screen a small blue car can be seen slowing down for no reason. This causes the car behind them to hit their brakes causing the start of the jam.
1	First, you didn't lose the game by getting madreds, you kinda got counterpicked, but that one item alone wouldn't have lost you the game if you were still building good items aside from it. Second, 244 cs in a 3x minute game is more than most people can churn out even at 1400-1600, so don't worry about that either. One of the biggest things I can see is that you were counterpicked, as Graves is an AD carry focused more on burst than sustained damage, so while madreds may have been a way of getting back into the game, you were still at a disadvantage. In general, Graves scales better off of pure AD and the general high damage items than he does attack speed and on hit effects.
0	Hello very religious Christian here and all I want to say is, whatever. I accept all people wen if they say my religion is full of crap. In my mind I see that everyone is gods children and we should respect their views and beliefs. But it makes me sad when Christians go insane when someone says they're atheist, muslim, etc. Because it makes the rest of us look bad and we make enemies that way. I don't really care what anyone in r/atheism says because that's their beliefs and I have mine... Can't we all just except that?
0	Actually the Bermuda Triangle was somewhat recently debunked. It was something about a large reservoir of magnetic plates relatively close to the surface underneath the Bermuda Triangle, which is why compasses and radio communications would be cut when they're near it. And there was also an explanation as to why you could see "ghost ships" in the water, something about a chemical in the water made it easier to see the ships on the bottom of the floor near there.
1	This is why I was in love with Eve mid and if I got mid in ranked I would only play her. Bot lane losing hard pre 6 and you're 0-0 but have farmed well.. No worries - hit 6 gank bot and get double kill/if you're feeling extra nice give double kill to your adc. Worked so well particularly in my placement matches when no one would pink for Eve mid (lol).
0	This reminds me of my niece's mom and her 2 sons she had after my niece.  She has a now 6 year and a now 2 year old. I saw her smoking while she was pregnant with the now 2 year old and talked to her about whether or not she was trying to quit. She simply said that she smoked throughout the pregnancy of her now 6 year old and he turned out fine. I let the situation go other than offering help if she needs it and she gave birth to a 4 and half pound baby a few weeks before her due date. The doctors attributed the premature birth to her smoking. I understand that premature births happen from time to time, even for women who do everything 100% safely through their pregnancy, but if you ask any woman who has gone through this if they could have done anything they could to have a healthy, full-term baby, they would say, "in a heart beat." I asked my niece's mom this and she says she would, but still denies smoking having anything to do with it. Thankfully the now 2 year old is a very healthy, happy 2 year old, despite spending the first 2 months of his life in the NICU with a breathing and a feeding tube. Also thankfully, despite her denial, my niece's mom has since given birth to a beautiful baby girl and she had quit smoking the minute she found out she was pregnant. Healthy 7+ pound baby girl that could be taken home after 2 days in the hospital.
1	Just ocelot fanboy with "EU BEST MIDLANERS." No, not really. It's the same mentality in solo queue as saying "omg i won my lane but lost game elo hell gg". The ultimate goal of the game is to win. You can be up 1-2 kills, 20 cs w/e and still lose because well misaya's tf went to other lanes and snowballed that advantage while froggen is taking wraiths from snoopeh.  Sorry European buddy, there's a fine line between streaming solo queue for 10 hours, shopping for scarves, making EG promotional videos, and the asian practice regimine of eat sleep practice (as a team).  I fail to see how the term "best" can be used so much when the team as a whole shows no results.
0	When Garth tries this on Christopher Walken he  literally  enunciates:   A sphincter says, "What?"
1	Firstly it's a sample size, no poll is fully exhaustive in nature anyways so I don't see how the tribunal doesn't function as an instance of polled data. Oh right, it does. There's some statistics right there unless you're delusional enough to believe that CNN polls and whatever about the election were exhaustive.   So you default to Riot rules which makes my point excellent! The specific rules actually support me:   Now some key phrases that will shut you up:   >  Riot Games has empowered its community of users (the “Community”) to police the compliance of other users with the “Summoner’s Code” ( which outlines the principles of ideal game play behavior, as well as with other Riot Games policies. Consistent with the guidelines found at   Basically the tribunal is able to construct the interpretation of the Summoner's Code to some degree so we'll get evidence why this decision is legitimate:   >Once the game gets into full swing, you have to make a choice between being a positive force for your team, or contributing to your own demise.   Certainly getting your team angry at you isn't any way to go. Sure there's always mute but the point is mute should not excuse bad behavior. It's why we can get banned for verbal harassment. Checking mechanisms' existences do NOT justify abuse.   >Enjoy Yourself, but not at Anyone Else’s Expense   Yeah... if people don't like you spamming it, don't. Simple, if asked you stop.   >Remember, taking a jab at your friend in the middle of the game is a lot different than making a glib remark at a complete stranger.   Exactly, take it contextually, that's what I've been saying the whole time. In this case the random strangers don't like the emoticon spamming. Just because they allow you to take a jab at a friend does not equate to the justifying you insulting everyone. Similarly, the little "promotion" is only based off certain contexts.
0	Well, yes, in a perfect world this would be true, but in the reality we  actually  inhabit, no one says "what's wrong?" for no reason. If someone says "what's wrong?" or something similar, it's because  you are acting like something is wrong . Giving a one word answer, especially the one word answer that is most often used as an evasion, won't end the conversation, it'll confirm the suspicions of the person who already suspects something wrong due to  your  behavior or body language or whatever set this off in the first place.   It's like that one guy said upthread- miscommunication is (mainly) the problem of the communicator, not the problem of the audience.
0	I just called a person the other day with their delivery time for the following day. She told me that she won't be able to accept delivery and we might have to change the date. I told her that it would be best to just keep this time and if it doesn't work out, we will reschedule. I offered to call her 30 minutes before we arrived and she said she wouldn't be able to answer because she would be in the pool.. At her house.. where the delivery would take place..
0	Pennies to the mile, I don't remember the specific rate but its something less than a quarter. Also keep in mind that you're not getting all of that directly back, it just reduces your taxable income. During busy hours (typically Thurs/Fri/Sat, especially if its rainy) your driver is rushing from A to B to C nonstop for hours. This type of driving is more punishing than how a typical commuter will drive and will cost a little more in maintenance.
1	Im getting real tired of butthurt big ego type of players. If you say stuff like, "Can you buy wards mid" "Stop roaming bot and take mid tower.." and  other legit pro tips. PPL will ask the other players to report you cause apparently its "toxic" and "flame".   everyone thinks they are so pro that if you try to teach them anything at all, they will consider it flame and report you, and make the other team report you aswell. This dosent just happen once in a while, but pretty damn often. I have no clue why ppl are so easily offended, in every sport, game whatever thats competetive, ppl are yelling at eachother, "flaming" and so on, its just how it works. If 1 guy is major fucking it up for others, he deserves to get flamed(Dont get me wrong, dying 1 time, is not what i mean) but some ppl will never ever listen to calls and do their own shit, resulting in the other 4 players losing, but noone will ever get banned for this. Cause apperently saying "Can you listen to the fucking calls before you destroy the whole game dickhead" is 10 times worse...
0	Indeed, most people get Post Traumatic Stress Disorder after having experienced a Traumatic event which later leads to stress and mental fatigue.
1	Create new account, login and play my first game. Very few first sentances in the game of my brand new made account. I didn't mind reporting them since they were all under level 10 and if they would've get banned it shouldn't really make a difference for them. What I'm surprised about is that when I was a lowbob I didn't really flame like that, do you guys think it is normal? The flame has been going on for the entire game and I don't really feel like 'smurfing' at all.
1	dont even think about it. everyone knows the tribunal is full of wannabe cops, who like to spam punish at every case.
0	I'm sad this is so far down.  My parents were not perfect; they divorced when I was 12.  They have a whole wealth of mistakes and flaws.  They're still fucking amazing parents.
1	If you are watching a League of legends stream, you are taking the risk of getting spoilers, it can't be avoidable and the casters will not pause everytime they have something to say about some earlier games that they might give spoilers.  It's the same as going to twitter or facebook, you can't expect someone to not talk about something.
0	While that may be true, he would just be plain stupid to do $100 lessons. He makes more than that sitting on his couch lol. He reached the point in his career where his name alone is banking money from backwork. This would be like an average Joe doing guitar lessons at $1/hour. If he wanted more money, he would simply book venues and play 300 shows a year. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if someone like Mayer clears closer to 100k a show. He is about as big as it gets when it comes to name recognition. Anyone playing stadiums gets about 50k. Mayer can sell out any stadium in the USA easily, and his tickets are not cheap.
1	They're not always trying to abuse the system.   They just fall for silly scams.   Most people just assume that because someone on their friend-list sent them the link, it must be legit. Even though there have been people getting hacked and saying "i got sent this link from someone on my friend-list".   It's literally mainly down to people clicking links without reading them, or after they've opened the link they just glance at it, see it looks vaguely like the official LoL website and wants them to log-in, and then just try to login without even thinking about it.   Most people want an authenticator, because then it's there to wipe their ass for them so they don't have to bother thinking or paying attention.
0	As a chick who can't stand chicks, I used to hear women talking about how they were just friends and it hurt a little seeing all of these guys in the friend-zone. They weren't clingy, insecure, or anything that I could see; the women just liked having guys who would compliment them/be there for them but wouldn't date them because they didn't like the way they looked or just wanted the boyfriend flattery and then going out to get with other guys.
1	Well, that's not the case. Riot just spent a shit ton of time making the jungle "Better" so why would they go and make it useless with Targons? I'm sure they will fix it, because as of right now 2-1-2 lanes are easier to win lanes than 1-1-2-1 lanes. AND you get more gold for TWO PEOPLE than 1 person in the jungle... 2 people pushing top against ONE person will most likely always win that lane, you will kill tower pretty much every single time, the problem with it before was one person didn't get enough gold, and was lacking behind, but now with targons they BOTH get gold.   It would be pointless to have someone jungle while there is a 2-1-2 set up against them, because while they are bot helping them, top is still being pushed, kinda like having a 24/7 jungle babysitter.   It WILL get fixed, possibly by making it so it can't stack, or you can't kill creeps without charges, or it resets the timer on the passive, or something.
0	From a guy's perspective I can see why you would think that, but I also think I should say that I think you were wrong to feel guilty or responsible.   I am not joking when I say I've had this happen twice;   This was on two occasions with two different women. We had a great time, I knew them, we were flirting a lot, they were giving the usual "I'm interested" signs, we were alone at their place.  Well we kisses some and then started doing more. Women, for the most part, are horrible at showing ANY form of....I don't want to call it aggression....motivation? during the first time you have sex. They just wait there for you to make the moves. I think it's ingrained in most women at the cultural level.  Well, on two different occasions I've had women whisper "no" and I was like "...." and stopped. I was frustrated because everything up to that point lead me to believe they wanted sex too. I was annoyed at first (who wouldn't be?) but I didn't show that to them openly (didn't insult them or anything), and I just played it off, but I was done. I was nice, was like "okay, that's fine," and then I moved to leave. Well one of them was like "Do you really have to go?" and I thought that was weird. Why would you want someone around you that just tried to have sex with you and you said no to? So I just made an excuse like "Yeah, I have a lot of work to get done. It was nice seeing you!" and all of that nonsense.   but the other girl is what I found bothersome. I had just left school and was studying with her before we started messing around. It played off the same way; I excused myself, said I had stuff to do, etc.  Well, before I left she stood in front of the door and was like, "you can't leave," but when I was like "sorry, I really do have to go," I tried stepping around her, but she got in my way again. Well, I was like "what the hell? the mood is killed for me and I am leaving. she's gotta move."  So I was like "I wish I could stay, but I really do need to go," and I put my hand on her shoulder and didn't shove or anything, I just moved her to the side, and she was like "don't touch me," but she got in my way again, and I was like "Wow, this girl is crazy as hell; can't tell what she is really after here, and this could go back, so I'm gone."  After that I forcibly (but not painfully, just firmly) moved her to the side and got between her and the door so I could leave and I played it off and smiled and was like "I would really love to stay, thank you very much for inviting me over, but I really have to go. I'll talk to you tomorrow okay?" and I didn't wait for a response I just left.   Point being, most, not some but most, women do send mixed messages. You may even have sent a mixed message to that guy.  But as they say, "no means no."  I'm sure that most guys here have a similar mixed-message story.  The difference is, most guys don't rape people. Most guys know that stopping is the choice you have to make when you come across those messages. They don't let it get to the point where you have to beg them to stop; you say no once, a guy thinks about it and then stops.   People with backgrounds in self-defense are not violent; they simply know how to handle violent people. Most people are not violent.  You are not a violent person, so for someone to do that to you, for you to defend yourself without knowing how, you would have had to use violence. It isn't an automatic reaction to defend yourself; that takes practice. If you were a violent person, yeah you would have fought back, probably even blinded the guy or worse. And he deserved it. But don't feel bad just because you are not a violent person. Not being violent has a ton of benefits, including friends and a higher standard of living. Most men don't fight because they're not violent; they would get their ass handed to them in a fight with a violent person of their size or larger, just because they are not expecting to be attacked.   The answer to that is learning and practicing self-defense; and I would recommend anyone take part in it. You'll fight a lot better than violent people do (they typically just take wild swings at people, even the ones with experience fighting, because their goal is to hurt people).   So anyway, don't feel guilty ever.   1) Guys know to stop. If he didn't, even if you think your message was mixed, he knew he should have stopped; he just didn't. Most guys do.   2) You're not violent. To expect to be able to call upon some Hulk-like inner rage at a moment's notice to harm another person is completely unrealistic. Even if they are attacking you, you don't react with "HULKK SMASHHHH!" you were likely scared as hell, like ANYONE would be; don't be ashamed for being a good person who doesn't think about (and practice) hurting other people.   3) There is a huge difference between self-defense and hurting people; the goals can be similar, and part of self-defense is cultivating and harnessing violent tendencies; the difference is, YOU don't become a violent person. You know how you are a different person at your job than you are at home?  It is the same thing with self-defense. You might go bat shit crazy on someone if they pick a fight with you, but once you're done and you get home, you can separate yourself from those emotions and not hurt other people and not feel animosity toward other people. I really really really recommend to anyone, men or women, that you take self-defense AND take it seriously. If you're a good person and you get into a fight with a not-so-good person, your chances of coming out of that situation on top goes down a LOT.   Also, you should contact the police department. One thing you they don't tell you but is a reality is that police do keep people in their brains even if they can't arrest them.  You can even say, "I don't think there is any evidence left but I was raped by X person."  You can try to press charges or not, but what this does is creates a reason for police to look at that person. It's basically saying, "I know I can't prove it and he will probably get away with it, but this guy raped me, so watch his ass."  People remember things like that. And with how the law is, everyone alive is doing something illegal at some point during the day. I remember I was turning at a stop light, it wasn't a two-lane turning light either, well when I turned I didn't turn into the left-hand lane (I was turning left) I kinda coasted into the right-hand lane (no one was there or was allowed to turn or was turning illegally; seemed safe to me. I see a ton of people do it).  Well, I got pulled over for it and given a warning. It apparently IS illegal where I am at.   Point being; even if he "gets away with it," he will have negative attention in his life. Also, if someone else DOES come forward with evidence, you may even be able to step out as a witness.   Anyway, lots of options.
0	First off, I'm really sorry you get in bro. You literally did everything you should have to get into the school and your advisers were not wrong with their reasoning. You should have got in. Fear of not getting into Med School was one of the reasons why I have decided to go with a different career path, after strongly considering being a MD my whole life. But secondly, to the people who keep telling OP to apply to more schools that is not correct at all. I just took a class on how to get into Med School, last semester. Now I know Reddit loves to rag on people who take one class and think they know everything, but this class was taught by our health career admissions leader and the doctor who runs the Med School program with the purpose of getting more students into Medical Schools. More schools applied to does not mean you have a better chance of getting in, unlike college. Med Schools strongly prefer students who are instate residents or have strong ties to the state of the school. So more schools is not going to increase the chance of getting in. My only suggestion would be maybe to work on your personal statement or interview skills, but it sounds like you have tried that already. Good luck to you in the future and hopefully a success kid meme in the future about getting in on your third try.
1	Well, leaverbuster does its work and bans people who leaves a lot in games so after all you don't need to report anyone for afk. Leaverbuster detects it.   &nbsp;   Now, from my point of view, I have always said that if your pc can't handle the game you shouldn't be playing. You're being selfish if you do so, only caring about your fun even knowing that you could end crashing or dcing and therefore making your team lose.   &nbsp;   My philosophy is that if someone disconnects, I report him. If it only happened for a game then he won't be banned anyways. And if he really has a shitty computer that can't play the game then you are helping the system to make him stop ruining anyone else game.   &nbsp;
0	I think this is kind of silly.  I grew up around rampant piracy by the time I was in high school and college, I don't think that the media itself has any intrinsic value.  When I buy something, I always buy a physical copy.  the actual packaging and disc and such are the part that have value to me, not the actual movie, song, tv show etc.
0	NO YOU SEE I NEED A T-BONE AND A GLASS OF WINE WITH EVERY DINNER.   Really I can shop very healthily, cooking most meals, getting more than my share of fruits/veggies and still spend less than 50$ a week, easily.   Mr Fry, sir, red meat is not a required part of a balanced meal, nor is seafood. Beans, nuts, chicken, eggs, and dairy products will all fill that role much more cheaply. As far as veggies go, stay away from pre-packaged shit. Don't buy a salad in a bag. Make your own goddamn salad! It takes like two minutes! Same goes with carrots, peas, fruits whatever, if they have it available in a non-packaged form, it will almost always be cheaper. Taking it a step further, eat fruits and veggies that are in season (and cheaper).
1	Mid Kha - Hydra/Black Cleaver/Last Whisper/GA then usually merc treads if against AP, as last item choose between offensive (BT, never go TF or IE) or defensive (Randuins or Banshees). Rush Tiamat, Brut and LW and you can kill anyone.   Jung Kha - It depends, if you're the one getting the kills, go offensive so Elder Lizard/Black Cleaver/LW/GA and maybe add an Hydra too or Randuins/Banshees as last item. If you're not the one getting the kills/fed, go more tanky so go Elder Lizard/LW/Randuins/Banshees/GA and maybe add a Warmog/Thornmail as last item. I dont like Hexdrinker that much but it's good against double AP comps. As for boots, if you're ganking everywhere, get early mobis, if not just go tabis/mercs. CDR boots are not that great.   As for evolutions, go Q>E>R as midlane. As for jungle go R>E>Q. The new R evolution is really really strong, it has such low cd and immense utility, can win fights alone.   Btw, never get BotrK, IE, TF or Feral Flare on Khazix. They're either too expensive or have stats that dont go well with Kha (atk spd is not that great, neither is crit). Your damage will come from the E>Q>W combo and the passive AAs. Besides that, Kha has insane AD scalings, building anything but AD/Armor pen is wasting his potential.
0	Are you Asian or Native?  There's a [study]( that claims that part of the problem is trying to treat Natives as though they were white - sending them to AA and bullshit like that.  They say that looking at alcohol as an evil spirit can be MUCH more successful, since traditional wisdom are easy to fall into.   Speaking personally, finding an identity for myself was crucial to dealing with my depression.  I wasn't able to wrestle with it until I had  aligned identified myself with the long tradition of freedom fighters, from Howard Zinn to John Brown, that make up my history.
0	I just got done with one of these characters. I am not a touchy person and made this very clear from the beginning, but this guy insisted on hugging me every 5 minutes. So, that was the first thing that turned me off. The second was his femininity, this guy was just so damn nice. He agreed with everything I said, so it made it quite difficult to hold a conversation with him. I told him he was too nice, and he said "I'm sorry." We had sex and he couldn't stop thanking me, so much so that I started feeling extremely uncomfortable about having sex with him.   I finally get to the point where I decide that I just don't really like him and cannot put up with these conditions. I told him that I wasn't interested in him and let him know. He starts texting me all crazy saying he was going to come over and I don't text him back. Sure as shit, he came over. He knocked on my door and scared the hell out of me. I didn't think he was actually going to come over. So I tell him that he needs to leave because he was not invited here. It wasn't until I answered the door with my USMC NCO sword that he finally left.   Fast forward about a week later, I am hitting up my friends with benefits for a little [somethin' somethin']( and dude text me to see what I was up to. I got a text from the friends with benefits so I went to that one first. Somehow as I was typing my phone switched to the ex's text instead. My text that was a little NSFW got sent to my ex instead, who states that he was going to come over. I learned my lesson last time, so I told him that he needed to stay wherever he was at. Now he gets mad at me because I am talking to another person behind his back, after I had broken it off with him.   Finally got rid of him after about two weeks of plain ignoring him. So yeah, over attached boyfriends are out there, and they are just as crazy as women. I have had my fair share of overly attached girlfriends as well, they are equally as awful and I do not wish that upon my own worst enemy.
1	My friend jungles Udyr, and usually rushes Boots of Swiftness: Homeguard as his second build after what he builds first (which I am unsure of). Our other friends who are more exp and have played a since S1 (900-1k wins, you get it, they 'know' their stuff). at least they think.
1	First of all, stop comparing LoL pros to DotA 2 pros. Second there is more to watching streams than the raw skill of a player (at least YOUR opinion of their skill), you fucking nigger.
1	First, the jungle item limit is justified for the following reasons:   It is an item built just FOR junglers and is extremely gold efficient, which is why smite is reasonable as it doesn't shutdown any balanced strategies and only affects "OP" strategies. The ones it does shutdown are ones such as midlane mages with 80 ap 20%cdr and jungle clear for same gold as morello.   Summoners however aren't targeted towards any one group of players. Riot can not and will not dictate strategy, summoners in this case. They will just nerf any "broken" strats which the current top smite is. The only summoner which they have targeted towards a meta is smite. Everything else can be picked anywhere and everywhere. Hell, even smite can be picked anywhere, it's just way better in the jungle.   Next, the existence of a jungler-only item allows Riot to balance/buff/nerf junglers without affecting other lanes at all. This is a key reason as to why Riot decided to create that item. By making smite tied in with jungle items, Riot is essentially saying that you cannot use smite unless you are jungle, which not only goes against their philosophy, BUT ALSO does not give them any balance power. Since, they can already balance junglers with the addition of the jungle item.   BUT WAIT, there's more. The tying in of smite with the jungle item took away the ability for laners to get an extremely gold efficient item, thus putting a stop to a overpowered strategy, BUT it did not affect any balanced strategies simply because there were none. Every instance of jungle item in lane gave a huge advantage. What I'm trying to say is it took away the OPs.   But tying smite with jungle item takes away the OP strategies AND the legit situational strategies: (Shaco, Olaf, Hecarim, etc). The previous instance had no negative effects. This one does. It effectively kicks Shaco out of a spot in League. DO you honesty expect Riot to balance things in such a way that it renders a whole champion useless?
1	Actually the only thing you should know when playing League is: humans are assholes. It might sound hard but we all know this feeling. You gonna meet some of the most insulting people you´ve seen in your enitre life. Even thought there are many awesome people in the community which make this game so much fun and might cause a addiciton :P
1	As someone who has jungled literally about 4000+ games, I realize that most of the time peoples criticism are just excuses for their own mistakes. It's hard for the average man to accept they made a mistake, and it's quite easy to blame it on someone else. The jungler is a ripe target just because you are there to assist and control the board from a wide perspective.   However, I think a lot of people forget that the jungler itself is a unique role. You aren't 1v1 or 2v2 like the lanes. You are a control piece and must choose your decisive actions carefully. This control also stems a lot from the type of jungler you are playing. Some are control, some are invasive, some are gankers, some are farm, and some are hybrid. Sometimes you literally get screwed from the start and are faced off against a team that cancels you out.   Summed all up though, I think a healthy approach as a player is, "What did I do wrong? How could I have carried my team better?" If I at least learn one thing, then it wasn't  a total loss. I can't stand playing with, and against players that point fingers and play the blame game. It just shows what kind of player they are. (Premade teams can be AWFUL with this.)
1	Zyra is a very strong mid lane champ, as she can effectively control the lane from a distance and push with little worry. She does a crazy amount of AoE damage, offers CC, and has an ult that can turn games around in a manner similar to that of Rumble's. Her plants can zone champions in lane, and one misstep can easily to lead to the opponent's demise (in other words, getting hit by her E). However, she is RIDICULOUSLY squishy, and is destroyed by anyone with a gap closer, burst, or silence.
1	Well that is an interesting point, because he gets attack damage, move speed, a spell shield,  and some damage q instead of her w that blocks auto attacks, when his w can block spells, which in the karthus case is the difference between life and death. So lets look at the damage at 18 with no items, for her q it is 140 * 2, his q is 240 plus 55 ad and 35% move speed. For w it is Fiora blocks an auto attack for 260 Nocturne has a spell shield that increases his attack speed for 40%, then is doubled after he blocks something E Fiora gets 120% attack speed and 15% movespeed after attacking. for Nocturne gets 250 damage and cc for Ults Fiora gets  a 1000 damage nuke to some one, or 500 damage to 5 people on the team, more if stacking tiamats, but no items, so Nocturne gets a very powerful sight reduction that he can teleport and potentially kill someone without them being aware the second before.       So Nocturne V Fiora*   Bonus ad 55 | 35 this is situational, so no one wins, since he has to be on his q Bonus MVS 35% | 15% both are situational so he wins CC 2 seconds | 0 his is situational, but imo he wins Damage to single target 840 | 1400 she wins without a doubt, but with a karthus ult dealing potentially 850 raw damage, that would make it go from 840 | 1400 to 1690 | 1400 damage, which doubles the damage dealt, with auto attacking and items most likely she would be dead   Please note that this is damage without resistances or in which resistances are the same for each character, i didnt want to waste too much time, just proving a point. Here is a eune thread  Here is also a video                               showing that fiora's ult can be blocked on the first hit, so if nocturne uses his w correctly than he should be even and have more damage bonus to overcome 840 | 900, plus his passive, which imho he would win a 1v1 even with  >it leaves them with only 3 others
1	Thank you, that is what I meant in regards to the coach thing.  Yes, there are a lot of coaches/managers with a background in the sport with maybe having played at a decently high level without actually having been top players.  The Sir Alex Ferguson example is spot on.  Yes, he played at a professional level, but he was NOT a top player and yet he is one of the most successful managers of all time and a brilliant tactician.   However, I was suggesting that TSM and other teams need to go a step beyond just having someone there to be a team secretary, so to speak.  I think teams DO need to employ theorycrafters and strategists.  My
0	So... because its an example, I can't critique it?   I'm saying your 'example scenario' is bad. It actually functions to counter the point you were trying to make: that this 'hypothetical' situation (the likes of which still happen all the time, and which actually occurred in the 60's in the context of life insurance), which is called racist, really isn't because  mathematicians don't lie, and therefore it's fine for this hypothetical company x to charge blacks more. In short, that the concept of systemic racism is flawed. It isn't. I'll use your example.   Math  doesn't lie. Blacks actually do end up in more traffic incidents, being incarcerated more, and dying at a younger age. However, of course, the cause of this is not that they are genetically or w/e predisposed to being bad drivers, criminals or dying at a young age.   >So does "new racism" supersede math?   The  math  doesn't say that it is, though. Racism says this. The conclusion that blacks are worse drivers is a result of racism. A non-racist conclusion is one which looks at the  context  in which blacks have no choice but to live their lives in, and finds causation in this  context , not in the  population  or  individuals .   Following this, the next logical question of racism is "should poor company X, then, have to take the hit to their profits, as they don't actively create this context?" Of course, and for at least two reasons.   First, by profiting from this context, a company is incentivizing the maintenance that context. A real world example of this is South Africa, wherein business investment in this country allowed for apartheid to continue; it was only after boycott and divestment occurred that the systemic racism of apartheid was weakened enough for it to be dismantled to the extent that it has been. Would it be racist for a company to continue investment in South Africa in the face apartheid? Certainly.   Second, it assumes that the well being of Company X, Y or Z is of more significance than the well-being of minority popullation X, Y or Z. To illuminate this point further, I ask the counter-question: "Should we really care about the survival of a company who must exploit systemic racism in order to profitably exist?" No.
1	Generally, you can base it off key words like "physical damage" but the short story is it amounts to ratios. Every ability has an AP and an AD ratio. Usually one is zero and the other is positive and less than one. Let's take Talon for instance. Talon has no AP ratios. However, he has very good AD ratios: 1.5, 1.8, 0, and 1.8. If you build AP items on him, the added AP literally has no affect on his skills as his AP ratios are 0. But if you build say 100 bonus AD (on top of his base AD) on him at level one, his Q will do base 30 + 0.3 100 = 60 physical damage on hit, and base 18 +1.2 100 = 138 physical damage over time, for a total of 198 physical damage. Now, if he had a million AP that would still do nothing for him because again he has no AP ratios. Someone with both AP and AD ratios like Akali or my favorite, Katarina, can go either or both ways ("hybrid"). Katarina's E: Shunpo has a much higher AP ratio than AD, but you have to weigh that in with the harass of a high AD Q: Bouncing Blade. Auto attacks are always AD!
0	The reason people want to prove the other side wrong is that other side doesn't understand how their position affects other people.  If someone like a politician or a celebrity starts talking about net neutrality is unnecessary, people directly affected don't start saying "ok, it's good that you have an opinion".   But even that's not a good example because in that scenario the person with the opinion will be impacted the same way everyone else is.  With things like gay marriage and racism, the people with these "ok opinions" aren't affected negatively by the "ok opinions".  If a straight person is against gay marriage, they come out on top no matter what because either way they don't lose out on any privilege.  The loser is the gay people who want to get married.  This applies with racism too, which historically in this country has been in favor of whites.
0	More kids cost more money to raise.  It is not like it is a functioning get-rich-quick scheme, which is often how welfare opponents portray it.  In many states, starting welfare pay is less than $15k per year.  If people didn't receive more money to be able to take care of their children, the children would either be starving or have to be taken in by Children's Services (which would cost the government  considerably  more than just increasing the welfare payment to recipients with children).  So it seems like there are a few options as to how to respond.  First, do not increase payments for children, which would require either the government taking the children from their parents and raising them in the foster system or, alternatively, letting the children starve to death or grow up on the streets.  Second, increase the payments to parents per children so that parents can raise their own children, albeit in (survivable) poverty. Third, provide welfare recipients with foolproof contraception and punish welfare recipients if they have children they cannot afford.   "But TheOtherRedditorz, what about the  cost  of welfare (especially when accounting for increased payments based on children)?"  Well, if you want to live in a society that doesn't pay to take care of children, that's fine. You have the right to that opinion, even if I think it is total bullshit.  But if you are angry about the government paying for the care of children, I think you are focusing on (or being directed to focus on) a smaller issue in a much bigger problem.  Compare the costs of increased welfare payments based on number of children with the costs of the Iraq and Afghanistan war effort.  Yay we got Osama, but not yay for the insane amount of money we funneled into an effort in revenge.  Compare the costs of increased welfare payments based on number of children with the costs of bailing out the banking super-giants which now claim they are too poor to pay back any money to the government but yet pay  incredible  bonuses to their executives every single year without blinking an eye.   If you want to be against the government spending money, that's cool, but don't fall into the trap of "Well, I don't like  those  government expenditures because I don't support  that  cause, and I'll mask it in a pretentious and phony stance against government payments.
1	There are flaws in this logic.   First off, you're picking an  entire team  to counter just  one  of their picks. If you're letting someone have that magnitude of dominance over you before the game even starts, you're in trouble already.   Cohesiveness is a big one as well - he's not easy to counter if what we'll say for the sake of argument does completely counter him (tanky dps team) is hard to get. It's one thing to say "Everyone just be tanky", it's another thing entirely to get everyone to do it - don't chase singed, stop towerdiving, focus on lasthits over harass: those are all extremely easy things to do, but you're not going to get your team to just do it.   Your suggested counter isn't necessarily a counter, either. There's a reason people pick squishy champs instead of 100% tanky champs, squishy champs actually deal decent damage. I've lost a good number of games because we've got Irelia and Morgana and Garen and there's basically no real damage output. It sounds good on paper to have 4 or 5 champs that can fend for themselves, but when teamfights start you get 0 kills with your initial burst and then their AD carry starts melting you.   And finally, Talon's just stupid powerful. Riot's acknowledged that he's OP and have more nerfs in store for him. No teams with Talon on them lost at IEM NY (small sample size, but still revealing), and he really does snowball hard if the enemy makes a mistake (which isn't hard, and even hard not to do at low Elo).
1	The season 3 championship ward was limited edition so won't be coming back. As for a season 4 ward, they haven't released the championship skin yet so  if  there is one I'd expect it to come out the same time as the skin.
1	Well, first points of no return can be caused by both conventional and unconventional builds - so we can get that out of the way. Second, there is no such thing as "true -best way-" in this game. Sure, there are things that are proven to work very well, but thinking there is "best ways" in an ever-changing game is the best method not to evolve.   Innovating while playing support is not bad in itself, not buying wards is bad regardless of your role (I buy wards as ADC when I back and I'm gold 1) plus the example we've been referring to is a Sona that buys wards but has unorthodox Summoner Spells & item build, I don't know why you mentionned warding in your reply.   Again, -anything- can work as long as you have a plan. That's why people still lose with "conventionnal" team comps, because the biggest element of the game and the most influencial one is  the player .   ex: Sure AP Nidalee is great at poking and nuking people down, she's actually one of the best at it - but if you,  the player , cannot manage to land spears well your conventionnal way to play is not a success because your plan is not working.
1	You make it sound like it's completely intuitive, but the truth is that the meta has changed over and over since launch, often because something new was discovered.   I remember a year to 1.5 years ago there was this big realization about how important jungling was.  Before you put Amumu or Udyr in the jungle because they supposedly sucked in lane but were useful later, and then people figured out that having two solo lanes was awesome if someone could solo well.  Then everyone realized this and solo top v solo top was born.   Feeding blue to mid was also probably within the past year.  I don't mean letting mid take your blue 15 minutes into the game, I'm talking about the moment your second blue spawns you've got mid going towards it and your jungler starting it.   0 cs support was not done at launch.  Hell the concept of cs wasn't even prevalent until streamers started tracking junglers with cs counts.  If you did 0 cs support probably until the last year you were ridiculed for not having items, instead of praised for feeding gold to your carry.   A lot of this stuff seems obvious now, but someone had to climb that ladder, and if the other monkeys didn't beat him up (or he was a famous streamer), maybe they found a way to get the damn bananas without getting sprayed with water.   Just think back to before Eve was nerfed.  Went from trash tier to permaban within a week because Soraka Bot on EU posted about his jungle path.  I had to tell people that no, I was not trolling with revive/smite, and yes, I am intentionally dying to lizard, game after game.
0	So, there seems to be some ladies on here who are having troubles with BC in pill form.   I took BC pills (Yaz, and then generic) from 2007-spring of 2011 to regulate my periods. I did gain weight (partly because of college), and I didn't have any mental side effects until about 2010, when I started crying weekly, and then daily, at almost no provocation whatsoever - When I finally ended up yelling at my friends on Spring Break for a completely crazy reason, I threw the pills in the trash and stopped BC for a year.   That being said - after I got off of BC, my skin slowly started flaring up EVERYWHERE - pretty terrible, although my mood was greatly improved. But, no more normal periods again :( So I looked for an alternative option - NuvaRing. I've been on that stuff for about 6 months now, and it's fantastic. You just stick it in and forget about it for three weeks! I'm not crazy anymore, my skin is going back to what it once was, and I'm able to lose weight again.
1	I totally agree. I pretty much want S4's gameplay to slightly de-emphasize 'this is the way to win lategame' strategies and be more about the individual game: who is farmed, who has what items, what are the team comps, how is that going to effect gameplay, etc. "How are we going to interact with our enemy". It's so much deeper that I find it so surprising to see people in this thread say, "I like seeing one team take an inhibitor and win in 30:00, as it leads to shorter games". It's just so uninteresting!   Right now pushing comes first, vision comes second, everything else comes third. The crappiest team comp in the world could take bot inhibitor and do a baron dance. Compare this to Dota (since you are bringing up the comparison) where moments like "The Play" utilize so many distinctive gameplay interactions: hero-to-hero, skill-to-item, utilizing Smoke ganks, etc. LoL has very little of that while gameplay revolves around a slow squeezing push after a lead has been built.   The general late game flow should be; use what you've got to best mitigate the strengths of the enemy team -> push whatever advantage you gain -> dampen whatever weaknesses you lose. The stuff that happens  in the heat of the moment  that is game specific is the interesting gameplay...not watching a baron'd up team slowly push turret after turret over the course of four minutes.   If you make baron buff last half as long, remove the HP5, increase the offensive stats (AD/AP) you get, you'll see much more 'explosive' late game action. If a team is weaker and they get aced two or three times, you'll see games end in the same amount of time. If a team doesn't 'deserve' to lose yet and still have a fight in them, structures more resilient to pushing will keep the game going longer while it's still close and interesting
0	It's horrible to say it, but there some truth to that. If I jerk off before going to see a girl I'm excited to see, I realize I'm not as excited anymore and just think about the potential negative factors. I sometimes think I would be happier if I simply had no sex drive at all. My best relationships were really just glorified friendships with optional sex. Happiest I've ever been was during a social/sex life boycott and just spending my free time alone, with my dogs, or with my brothers.
1	To be very clear, the OP is requesting that characters that already have functionality tied to a toggle functionality:   "/taunt" or ctrl+2   Have it tied to a different toggle, without saying the text that comes with it:   "/toggle" or ctrl+5
0	GW Poster here (throwaway). With answers to our own experience. We are a healthy couple with great communications, great sex life, and two kids! We don't get to go out much either, this is a fun way for us to 'escape' and just be adults. Of course we must be parents first and put the kids to sleep. After that we may have a drink or two and have fun in front of the camera. I enjoy photography, and she did modeling a few years ago. We enjoy the compliments and find the dirty PM's exciting. Now onto WHY. Initially, soon after our youngest was born, my wife had become very self-conscience with her appearance, despite all of my reassurances. So, being a redditor and frequenting the subreddit, I decided that maybe an outside opinion would count better than my own. I brought up the topic to her first, and she agreed. We took a hot photo-set and shared our favorite. Of course the responses were fantastic and has rebuilt her confidence, and it's given us a bonding experience.  note  we don't post our faces, we even take off our wedding bands, and we actually use a separate room for a set.  It's been so much fun that we bought a few work-lamps from Home Depot for better lighting. Anything we share, we take extra precautions to remove any identifiers in our pictures, because we assume that they WILL be spread to other sites, because they probably will.
1	The biggest problem I have with this idea is that you wouldn't be able to move the camera away from your champion.  One of the biggest pros to having the camera unlocked is being able to see your teammates in other lanes, when they come down to gank, when you're ganking, and just keep a better idea of what's going on across the WHOLE map, not just what's happening around your character.  Try playing with your camera unlocked.  I quit locked cam cold turkey and it turned out okay in the end.  You can activate skill shots (without actually casting them) and use that range as a means of keeping track of your champion in fights or just reentering lane.
0	I am always of the opinion that if you really think it's worthwhile sharing, it will be honest, unadulterated and to the point.   No need to defend yourself. Only correct those who are wrongly interpreting you.
0	Yeaaahhh, for my mom's side of the family all the women are pretty much crazy (actually the men too) and I can kind of see it in my younger brother and def in my female cousins. My oldest brother thinks I'm the most well adjusted person he knows though, but I'm always joking with my husband to watch out for when the crazy gene is activated... I am half joking half serious (me and my brothers used to refer to our mom as 'psycho mom' we had a song for her...)
1	I disagree, in a sense. They should not scale badly just because of a currently-optimal playstyle, but they should contribute.   There is no such thing as a pure support, only a high-utility champion that happens to synergize with others.
1	The overlord is used for vision but also is important to the Zerg to allow them to build more units. Usually Zerg use their overlords and scout the enemy base. Commonly, picking off an Overlord is easy, but he used it in a way that tempted the enemy to go for it out in the open and he just surrounded him with melee units while range cleaned up.
1	the problem with that is, even if you win your lane, you can still lose the game. Top lane probably has the least impact on the overall game, especially early game, where low-elo games decide. First, if bot lose the lane, you lose dps AND enemy gain dps, so unless you are able to dps for your AD carry, you cannot carry. Second, if mid loses the lane, the enemy gain burst potential when your loses it. Therefore, you have to dps for mid, too. On top of every single things you have to do like getting dragon (which is bot btw), living jungle ganks, gaining damage for your team, you have to tank all the damage the enemy team has gain. If you somehow win a game like this, you are basically superman, who is invincible to all damage and do tremendous damage. Even being in god mode cannot win you the game because if enemy team has any hard cc like stuns, snares (for melee), or exhaust, your damage is gone.
1	Not at all. People are going to fuck up. Telling them not to fuck up doesn't help. I'd rather have a contingency plan than none.   Your entire point is built on one reasoning. Without a contingency plan, you will play safer.   True, but have you considered YOU HAVE NO CONTINGENCY PLAN. Whether it's an enemy escaping or an incoming gank that you were too in the zone to notice, it's something that prepares you for the "oh fuck moment". A good flash usage and a great flash usage separates the good players from the great players.   Regardless of having flash or not having flash, you should always be warding, map awareness wins games. Asides from that, what are you going to do when they rush early oracle? do you think you will always be in a position to defend your wards?   Face it, you will fuck up regardless of how good you are, it's the nature of any game. Rather than be reactive when that comes to be, i'd rather be proactive and counter it with flash.   If you are runnin 4 summoner spells versus a lane with 2? no, they have 4 as well. Flash could dodge that potential stun vayne had, flash could dodge that qw combo from ezreal that may have potentially killed you. I could go on.   Guess what happens when you waste all four of your summoners against two summoners who simply flashed away with the rest of their summoners intact? right. nothing. You can't chase, you can't dodge any type of hook, stun or potentially threatening situations. That's what happens when you have no flash.
1	Maybe you should read more than just the
1	It gives awkward stats for those who want to use its passive.  Not every champion makes use of crit chance and it gives very little AD to warrant an ADC or an AD caster building it over items like BT, IE, LW, Black Cleaver, etc.   It's not similar to the AP item, Morellonomicon because Morello's is extremely gold efficient, giving 75 AP, 12 mana regen, and 20% CDR, which according to LoL wiki is about 3k gold worth of stats for only 2200 combined gold.  Executioner's Calling is worth about 2k in stats while costing 1900 gold.  Why get it as an AD champion when you can just have ignite.  Different story if you're an ADC, mainly talking about AD casters and assassins there though.
0	I don't think that  you  have been reading anything I've been writing.   I know damned well how our higher education system works, and what I've been saying is that it is ridiculous and/or stupid.   Teachers should be hired on their ability to teach, not their research. It is NOT reasonable to expect students going to a top 10 university to have to learn their classes in spite of their teachers rather than because of them.   Essentially the higher "education" system is ass-backwards.   Researchers shouldn't be forced into teaching, or the other way around.   I certainly wouldn't mind having access to these people in a end of the line very upper tier course, or in the case of non-class opportunities, as I've said, however many universities have people who can barely speak English teaching lower and middle division classes to very large numbers of students.
1	As it's been said, Rengar is a really tricky pick when it comes to snowballing. As a Rengar player Myself, I would say that you need to rush CDR in order to have your ultimate available as much as possible, Rengar's ultimate is an essential part of his kit and, when it comes to me atleast, everytime I have my ultimate up it's basically a free kill depending on which lane I feel like ganking.   Manage your ferocity, if you're planning on ganking a lane and don't have 2-3 stacks, don't, as you won't be able to get an empowered E or Q onto the enemy and you'll be lacking damage and any sort of CC. Same goes for dueling, when it comes to this having that extra ferocity stack can really make a difference, we're talking about a boosted Q that can potentially deal 200 damage in the early game, that's a shit-ton.   Always use the bushes, it's a free 700 range gapcloser and if you Q mid-air it's garen-teed damage on the enemy, remember to always use the bushes when you've got the chance to do so, it's a game-changing mechanic that you have to master in order to play rengar efficiently (Same goes for stack mananging). Did I forgot to mention that if you press E mid-air the animation for the bola becomes a lot faster? It's almost impossible to miss if you hit your E     mid-air.   Know your streghts, Rengar can do ridiculous amounts of damage really fast and that's something alot of people seem to not understand. It gets ridiculously hard to 1 v 1 rengar on a squishy character because his damage output is so high. Talking about that, don't build tanky, just don't. If you're decently skilled you should be able to get a full combo late-game on a squishy carry, wich is basically a dead carry and a 4 vs 5 for your team. I personally dislike building any kind of tank item on Rengar as I feel his potential gets wasted, then again, it's your choice.   Remember he has a stacking item, if you've not reached 6 stacks by the 20 minutes mark you're just doing something wrong. Rengar's powerspikes comes when leveling, as his empowered abilities scale with level, and when getting certain numbers of stacks (Once you reach stacks number 6 - 12 - 20 to be more specific)   If you find yourself getting zoned by pink wards and such, play a more K6-like game-style. In which you'll be entering near the end of the fight, when everyone's distracted, to delete their carries and win the fight yourself.
0	I think you're being quick to judge here. Your sentiment is true, in regards to the music industry at large, but Taylor Swift is the exception. I went through her songs and looked at the songwriting credits. She is credited on every song, and often times is given go-authorship. HOWEVER, she is the sole writer for many songs, and many songs were a collaboration with writer Liz Rose, with whom she seemed to have a long-standing writing relationship. Here's the breakdown for her first two albums:     Taylor Swift: 10   Swift + Rose: 9   Swift+someone else: 5     On her third album she is credited as the sole writer for every track, which adds another 14 songs to her count. Of albums released to date, Swft is the sole songwriter on 63% of them.   Looking at top ten singles from her first two albums:     Swift: 4   Swift + Rose: 5   Swift + Someone else: 1     Looking at #1 singles from the first two albums:     Swift: 3 (Our Song, Should've Said No, Love Story)   Swift+Rose: 1 (You Belong With Me)     Her latest album (written only by Swift herself) has two #1 singles, 2 #2 singles, a #3, and one that failed to chart. This is a better showing than her previous albums.
0	Yes. I despise these people.  And from the bottom of my heart,  I wish this were the case for every minimum wage worker.   However..   The sad truth is there are far too many people in the US right now that barely scrape by paycheck to paycheck,  that don't swing by the starbuck$ or chipoltees,  and though they may salivate at the thought of that delicious casual dining goodness, they dont, because they have their priorities straight. . . And then one day their car breaks down. They don't have the money to fix it, public transportation is non existent since they live in a small town to save on living expenses. None of their coworkers are in carpooling distance.  So he/she need to get the car fixed. But how? Can't pay what you don't have. .   Until the mechanic points out, they are a large chain, and have a credit card that the customer can get approved instantly for, and use for the repair today! The poor sap with a run down ride has always been told credit is bad, so has no credit history at all. Even the vehicle was bought from a friend (practically a gift), but there is no option.. no car,  no job. And the boss isn't exactly the understanding type. Missing a couple of days at work means trying to find a whole new full time job, and it's the off season!   So they get the card,  have the repairs done. Now since this is a store card the apt on the card sits at merciful /s 20% APR.   This customer could barely scrape by before, and they just jalopied them self into another bill per month from anywhere between 25-50 dollars a month depending in the card.   No problem, maybe just eat a little less for a few months. Tricky, considering their food budget was already less than 100 a month, so they apply for food stamps, and find out that in their area, they are entitled to a whole 13 extra dollars a month since they don't have children   Thus things spiral from there.   Get a second job? Of course!  But everywhere that's hiring needs them available on weekends... during the time they are already working their full time job.   I could go on, but this is already too long and a buried post that will never be read.
1	LoL has taught me to never trust my team unless I handpicked them myself.   LoL has taught me that I should always sacrifice the well-being of random teammates in order to promote myself.   LoL has taught me that killing bugs is very important because they might drop gold or something.   LoL has taught me that there are many mentally retarded people on this planet.   LoL has taught me that greed is good. Except when diving or putting yourself in a possible fatal situation.   LoL has taught me to spend my energy conservatively. hue hue hue   LoL has taught me GG noobs is the only best way to end a game.   LoL has taught me that life sucks and it's unfair because LoL's matchmaking is like real life's matchmaking system imbalanced.   LoL has taught me that blind people can be blinded again.
1	i know iht has nothing to do with OP's problem, but i would suggest you not to instandly ban WW when you are bleu team, the chances that purple team doesn't want him is very high and even if they dont ban him, you can pick him for your team
0	At a party on Friday night, a gay guy cornered me in a side room.   "Is it worth it?" he asked.   "Is what worth it?"   "Is your dick worth it?"   "..."   "Come on, you can tell me. I'm not interested in you. I just want to know. What are you,  8 1/2?"   laughs  "No"   "Is it fat? I know it's fat. I can tell."   I then excused myself from the conversation.
0	My dad did something like this. But he is extremely forgetful. So he would just add to a horde of toys periodically. For three years.   One day he just casually mentioned that he had a few old toys. He walked us over to a wooden closet in the basement. Opened the door. And out fell the absolute mother load of toys. I could not have been happier.
1	Clarifications on the post that are not mentioned in the video   Video Link -     I know GGC made a video review of ELO Buff already however this one compares the features to similar websites and shows if the same data can be found on other sites.     Sorry about the long video - I didn't intend for it to go so long, but it takes a while to go through each feature.     If you want the conclusion - it's at the bottom of the post but
0	I'm not trying to troll or be rude, but did you check your sources of these papers? It's always interesting to see who funded the research. What I mean is, if Time Warner funded the research I would be weary on how accurate the facts are; there are many ways to skew these "facts". If you're LOOKING to find a group of people who aren't as impressionable by the media, I would look for well-educated, upper-class people who watch 0-2 hours of television a day. Inversely, if you were to ask an uneducated, lower-class person who watches 4+ hours a day you would have vastly different answers.  P.S. give us your sources, I'd love to give them a read.
0	I'm not from the states so it hard to accurately comment on their issues, however; from my point of view, it's a mix of a lot of things that need to be fixed.   Mental health is always going to be an issue in society, you can't just cute it, so greater measures need to be taken to better diagnose, and treat people with mental disabilities. One massive thing that needs to change, and it's the same here in Australia, the stigma surrounding mental health needs to be dropped. People need to be able to go get help without the fear of people judging them.   Secondly, guns are an issues. Too many guns too freely available. I know Americans don't like to hear it, but not everyone should be able to just go buy any gun they want so easily. Background checks, restrictions and regulations on the safe storage of guns and ammunition will lower deaths caused by guns. Even if it is just lowering suicide rates, it is a good thing.   Now to what I think is the biggest issue. Economic inequality in the population. The rich earn far too much, and the poor earn far too little. How is this a gun issue? If people don't think burglary and hold ups are the only way they can keep their heads above water, the won't do it. If that happens, I'll take a stab in the dark and say murder rates with guns will drop.   I'm on my phone so it's a little hard to type this out, but hopefully I got my point across.
0	A lot of people will get pissed off at you and hope you feel sorry and take the blame when the police show up.  I had a guy rear end me then ask me what my problem was stopping all of a sudden.  He kept going on and on about how it was my fault for slowing down to stop at a yellow light 20 feet from the curb.   Anyways, the police showed up and he explains it to the officer like it was my fault then told me to agree with his statement.  I told the officer I was stopping at a red light and this guy rear ended me.  He went berserk calling me a liar and the officer cited him for assured clear distance.
0	This reminds me.   One day I was driving to pick up my little sister and before getting near the school there was a small BMW really close behind me. It was fine because I didn't think much of it until I got to the crosswalks near the school. There was kids constantly walking back and forth across the street with the crossing guard. It hindered me from going straight or turn right and I was basically waiting there for around 3-4 minutes before I looked behind me. The lady was screaming at me, which I didn't hear, and flipping me off expecting me to turn right into a crowd of children. She then started honking and all the kids started freaking out. She then tailed me down the street to the actual school and honked and screamed at me again for slowing down to try to fit near the sidewalk to pick my sister up. Once she had enough space to drive on she slams her gas and then slams her breaks and a little kid goes running into the car and she speeds off.   I barely started driving too.
0	In middle school, they abandoned Wood Shop for something more modern, it was IT. So they didn't have to find a new teacher, they had the Wood Shop teacher teach IT. I have no clue how he was qualified but they probably didn't want to fire him because he had worked their for over 30 years. Well anyway, the whole class was on computers, obviously. Every time you needed help he would point on the screen and dig his finger into the screen until the point where the brand new LCD screen warped around his finger. I would just cringe every time.
0	I worked with a black guy in northern VA. He had a confederate flag tattoo. I think it was a "fitting in" method. He was the ONLY back guy on the entire construction site and the ONLY black guy in the union in that area.
0	Interesting anecdote on friendzoned guys from my ex:   Back when my ex wife and I were dating, she had this guy who used to hang around her all the time.  They had been 'friends' for about a year prior to me meeting her.   It was completely obvious he was into her yet he was completely stuck in the friendzone.  He was always bringing her things and she always called him whenever she needed a favor.  This guy basically spent every dime he had on her before we started dating and he continued to do so even after our relationship became serious.   I eventually brought the issue up to her b/c I thought she was leading him on and it wasn't fair to him.  She told me that he had expressed a desire to be 'more than friends' on a few occasions but she always dismissed the notion without telling him what she really felt; that he was unattractive and she had no intentions of ever being romantically involved with him.  I told her that she needed to cut him loose so he could pursue other girls and he was effectively wasting his time with her.   Her response to this was something that hit me hard and has stuck with me forever - She explained that she didn't want to cut him loose for a few reasons...     He was genuinely a nice guy and he was a nice friend to have around if no other girls were available.     As a guy, he provided a usefulness that other girls could not provide: He was able to help with guy-related tasks such as working on her car or heavy labor.     Additionally, b/c he was a guy who was attracted to her, she knew that she had a power over him that she didn't have over other female or male friends.  She knew she could call this guy at 2am on a Tuesday and he would drop what he was doing to help her out/come get her/ or simply listen to her complain.       She summed up these points by explaining that he was "her bitch".  She said that "all girls have a bitch" (friendzoned guy) that they keep around for emotional and physical support.  A "bitch" can be counted on at all times - he won't assert himself too much so there's no risk of shifting power like there is in traditional friendships or romantic relationships.  To her, the "bitch" was a comfortable insurance policy against any real relationship.   This perspective truly opened my eyes.  Now when I see people complain about being stuck in the friendzone, I want to slap them in the face.  What they don't realize is, there literally is no way to get out of the friendzone when you're dealing with people like my ex.  In terms of status, the only value the "bitch" has is his usefulness  when he is stuck in the friendzone .  If the "bitch" wakes up and realizes he has other options and moves on to another female, then the power dynamics shift and he  ceases to be useful .   My ex obviously doesn't speak for the entire female gender, but her perspective is at least worth taking note of.
1	Blocked at work.  Can anyone
0	You probably won't read this but let your kids know you still love them.   As silly as this sounds,  after the divorce of my parents I thought he still feels like our (me and my sister)  dad and feels responsible. A week or so before my 18 birthday I got to know that he still wants to see us and have dinner and fun but doesn't feel responsible for us and if there are problems he will send us to our mom. Even when my sister cut herself and was in hospital he was shocked but his attitude was still the same. And all this because my mom is married again and now my step-dad is supposed to be the father (but it doesn't work like this,  even though my steptdad is the best guy I could wish for my mother). On my 18th birthday he even gave me less than relatives I hardly know (I don't want to sound greedy but combined with what he said it really hurt because it felt like I lost my dad).
1	this is totaly false unless they magicly got carryed to there elo th are just a capable as the enemy. ad is realy the easyer job out of the 2 rolse in bot all the need to do is farm and not die the support needs to make all the calls ward the lane and watch the map for ganks.  if you are a good support you can carry your AD. saying anything else is just blaming your team and making excuses which any good player knows wont win you games and wont make you a better player.
1	And that's fine too, that wasn't what was said. I completely agree that the clothing on certain champions isn't terribly creative, but that's hardly the focal point of the game anyway. Shrug. I hope that Riot starts making more champs like Leona and Shyvana personally. More armor clad chicks or more monster girls, but I can also agree that tasteful clothing would be just as welcome.
0	My son has some Megaman collection for the 360 that someone bought him a while ago.  He just busted it out last week to start playing it and it's hysterical how frustrated he is.  To his credit, he refuses to give up, but my wife and I were in the kitchen just the other night making supper and all we could hear ever minute or so was some exclamation of frustration from my son in the living room as Megaman kicked his ass.
1	Which form of depression did he have whereby it prevented him from being able to tell right from wrong? What kind makes it so that he loses the ability to understand that hurting someone else is wrong?   are you actually serious? Emotions drive people and everyone reacts differently to everything, some people that are depressed will act completely irrational while others will not. He was 16, 16 and emotionally unstable and he did some irrational things and didn't find them wrong. When my ex left me last year, I was just as irrational as him and I did a lot of things that I shouldn't have. Does that mean I shouldn't ever play League of Legends again?   source: I have bipolar disorder   edit:
1	The childish mindset of someone to rage at another person over a GAME is why he referred to them as kids/brats.  About the emo thing;  you ever seen an "emo" who didn't whine and complain?  Emo as a music genre was around way before this movement of kids who glorified bands such as My Chemical Romance.  Emo was actually more associated with the hardcore scene as was meant to be hardcore styled music that wasn't about the government but about the feelings that people experience while dealing with society.  "Emo" was short for emotional.  The generation that started buying clothes at Hot Topic and coloring their hair all sort of colors and claiming "emo" are not close to what the movement was when it first started.  History lesson over.
0	Delay mandate by one year to individuals: an impossible wish list.   Yes, because (1) [it renders the law unworkable]( and isn't justified on any rational basis.   Then, there's also the fact that it's not  just  the defund-Obamacare that the GOP wants:   Further, you keep saying "delay the individual mandate".  Stop saying that.  [The House budget included a provision to  defund obamacare .](
1	They won the noct game tho, your
0	I think the larger issue this is alluding to, is women who are post feminism and may even consider themselves feminist, who assume that it means equality for sexes, rather than the empowerment of women.   The empowerment of women is separate from men entirely as well as the issue of equality (which one would assume is a standard belief held by the majority.) That empowerment is important, but no woman should seek gratification in being sexist, demeaning or stereotyping males anymore than men should seek gratification from it. That's kind of the point.
1	I'm still playing irelia even though she got nerfed to the ground. My point is that if you are true draven players you will continue to play it. You still have the mechanics that you love about him, the special feel, and the playmaking kit. I`m not a good draven player but i'm sure that bleed dmg value is more or less one more Q in early game.
0	I feel your pain brother, I just got my first tax return in 6 years, I drive all the time 50 miles one way, deal with her new 'man' trying to tell me stuff about what I'm 'doing wrong'. Get harrassing messages about CS from her when I was between jobs and so was her new 'man' so on so forth, which I'm sure you are aware!
1	Nautilus's kit actually scales pretty well with AS. Level 5 titan's wrath applies 130 AOE magic damage over 2 seconds on-hit. I believe the damage is applied in 2 or 3 ticks, where the 1st tick occurs as the auto-attack hits, and the subsequent tick(s) occurs over the next 2 seconds.   So assuming the damage occurs in 2 ticks (I'm not sure on this), Nautilus basically does 65 AOE on-hit magic damage with each tick. Each time Nautilus hits his target, the 1st tick of Titan's Wrath is applied, so you get slightly more than 1.5x a Wit's End bonus damage in an area of effect with each hit.
1	DotA wasn't. Also, the wait times for Warkeys to download each LAN event was insane. Dota 2 however, is.   Here's why:     The International 2 [specific announcer responses](     [Team Pennants]( for the in-game banners, along with Team Specific logos in-game that  eventually  anyone will be able to customize and use.     Valve has released a [Spectator Client]( so that anyone with a Steam account can watch every game of The International 2*.     Valve has released a feature-length documentary following four players, and their experiences at The International last year. Only a [trailer]( has been released so far. With a camera man that worked on Avatar, and TI2 in 3.5 days, it's expected here soon.       *That client is the Dota 2 beta client but you have to [get a key]( through the survey, and activate it to unlock the play tab in the client.   In my honest opinion:  The above are all things Riot will not have for the Season 2 Championship (Announcements that are team specific for that tournament, availability for everyone to watch the games live through the client, and a trailer for the event). They're not necessarily things Riot  needs  to do to create a better gaming experience, but they're all  very  attractive perks.   Minor things that contribute:  A Pause feature for DC'd players. In-game voice-chat. People can switch between broadcasters while spectating.  Spectator chat box. In-depth stat analysis drop-down window while spectating that goes beyond Levels, KDA, and LH/Denies (Team gold and XP graphs, Net Worth, Net Worth of non-consumable items, gold-per-minute, XP-per-minute, etc).   Nice attractions:  3-4 minutes of dialogue for each hero have been recorded. Higher, and lower, graphic settings than LoL. You can queue while spectating a game. You can go back to the main clients dashboard at any point during a game, without DC'ing from the game you're playing/spectating. The commend system is the opposite of reporting. There's low-priority match making for consecutively reported players, where they will be matched with others' in low-priority. Replays through the client. The option to search for games to spectate by skill level, or by player name. You can also search a players profile, and watch games from their history.
0	Okay, story time.   Me and five buddies went to San Francisco for a musical festival a few months ago. Per the restrictions of the festival, you were not allowed to bring in any sort of alcoholic beverage at all. But being the poor college students we were we said "Fuck that, we're not paying 10 bucks for a beer." So we decided to bring in our own alcohol, as most responsible,  21 year olds do.   So my friends and I are sitting in the hotel, taking shits, getting dressed, putting our alcohol in our backpacks and hiding them the best we can when one of my friend pulls out the Everclear. Now this was the first time I've ever encountered such a strong drink and wanted no part of it until I'd at least had my breakfast. My friend, Ryan, was on the same boat. To hide the Everclear we poured it into a water bottle but mistakenly left it on a night stand, and put an actual bottle of water into a backpack. About 10 minutes pass, people are still getting ready when suddenly Ryan practically gags/vomits/drools Everclear all over the hotel room. Everyone was pretty confused why the fuck someone would be spewing water of their mouth but seconds later we all knew what had happened.
1	My name is Rufster, and I am the official shoutcaster for [CompeteLeague](   I was listening/watching Nightblue's stream too when he was talking about that. I wish I could reach out to Sky right away and tell him about our league and ideas.   It is literally the EXACT same idea that he has, and we've been doing it for months now. We actually just started our second season with a Gold Competitive League (GCL). Our first season we did a Silver Competitive League (SCL, LCS backwards, get it!?).   We have verified, registered, and set teams for our leagues. Anyone can join at the start of the season as long as your ELO falls into the respective ladder at the beginning of the season. We have about 4-6 passionate and experienced shoutcasters at our ready, including myself, a Diamond I Support Player.   Like I said, I really wish I could speak with Sky about this because we literally share the exact same dream. It would be SO amazing to collaborate somehow and really get these players that have been devoted to our league the spotlight they truly deserve.
0	Why do you wear seatbelts in a car, but not on a bus?](/   Welcome to /r/askengineers boys and gals. Enjoy the ride.   the
0	I wouldn't just assume she would have died in an hour and a half had we kept moving. If I did think that I would probably have pulled over and calmed my daughter down and cleaned her up better than we could from a moving (even slowly moving) vehicle. Was her medication oral? It sounded like the main thing that had to happen was simply cleaning her up and calming her down. Otherwise she would have just thrown up the medicine, right? So calming her down and talking to your doctor was step one, right? There is no reason you have to be home to do those things. I think pulling over to the shoulder and assessing the situation is always better than just gunning it down the shoulder unless it really is a case of someone violently ill. Rooster tailing it and panicking at the same time isn't the same thing. Your body doesn't continually produce enough shit and vomit after a certain point, so calming her down should have been the priority no matter how badly you wanted to 'just get home.' You know deep down that it wasn't that serious. You wanted to clarify that point. So it really just becomes a matter of you wanting it to be all over and to just get home rather than taking the shoulder being the thing that really made it all better. It's not like you got home just in the knick of time to prevent the situation from becoming dangerous. Did your doctor say 'thank god you got home just now. 90 more minutes and she would have flatlined?"   There is no happy resolution of this scenario of your current discussions. You can always choose to do whatever you want, but you can't use this story of an example of where driving on the shoulder was a-okay. You feel like you saved the day and that's all good for you, but I wouldn't keep telling people about it if you don't want to hear honest responses.
1	Tribunal is broken anyway. In fact I am happy that it is down atm even tho I rarely play the game. It doesn't solve the main problems of the game like AFKers and trolls. All you get from tribunal is ban or warning for typing in chat and this is just dumb becouse you can just mute people (faster option doesn't require so many resources as tribunal does). Any other multiplayer game got the flamers and it is fun to win against them or just mute/ignore them. The issues of this game are diffrent and tribunal doesn't help there.
1	I know that feeling. it was pretty much the same for me.   i play games to win, if i lose, i'll just get mad, rage and feel frustrated afterwards. but winning is no fun either most of the times, because they are mostly pretty one sided and not close at all.   but i was able to change that, not playing league for a week with uninstalling it helped quite alot.   you get a break which in my eyes is needed every so often, it helped me enjoy league again and appreciate the matches a little more.   also i want to note, don't play aram, in my oppinion they are no fun at all, they are just luck based on who gets the more op champs and are even more frustrating then 4 feeding teammates..   just my opinion though.
0	So the fuck what? Do you [think]( that [it]( is [uncommon](   Do you not comprehend how often that complications from sex take place?   Your tempocentric view of the world is moronic and barely thought out.   Things I do not care about for the purposes of this discussion:     Consent   Age   Social validity   Abuse   Ethics     ...NONE of it has to do with your reasoning. You tried to claim that there is a biological reason for it, and there isnt. Just because you're talking about child marriage doesn't mean that ANYTHING you say is legitimate.. everything you said is crap. Child marriage has a dozen different implications, but none of them are related to your pseudo-scientific garbage.   It's like saying rape is bad because aliens will eat your lungs. Rape IS bad, but not because you will be assaulted by aliens. And because I'm saying you won't be assaulted by aliens doesn't mean that rape is OK.
0	Another tip: spend the first part of your sexy times focused on her completely, don't worry about her touching your wiener. Two or three good solid orgasms on her part will pave the way for lots and lots of wiener play.
0	There's specific news services (BBC News, Reuters, AP) and newspapers (The Guardian, Washington Post, New York Times) that are good, but really, just not watching TV news makes a huge difference in static/signal you'll get, imo. Even the front page of sites like CNN's or Fox News have much more relevant information and stories than their actual TV broadcasts. Though sometimes it requires some digging into the 'national' and 'international' sections.   Google News is also good for getting lots of stories from a variety of sources all in one place.
1	Mundo: MASSIVE spamable slow and he can literally just run up to champs with his ult Darius: so what do you call the space between him and his opponent when you e? Garen: also can run up to people with that massive movement speed buff Cho: he has 2 cc's that aren't that hard to land. After knock up, just walk up to them? Gangplank: great imitation like cho since his ult is a massive slow. Also you can't call him a tank with no gap closer since no one has built him tank since like season 2 Singed: same running concept as Garen and Mundo and he even has a massive slow Gallio: Press R. They walk towards you to "close the gap". Also if he were to have a gap closer, he can just jump literally into a team and press R for like a 5 man ult. That would be broken Sejuani: what do you call that dash? And one of the best initiates
0	It is how it works.  You are graded on mastery, not answers.  If you want to know why, when you get to college, ask them about their accreditation standards for your degree.  They have to have the information readily available.  Let me explain:   So for different fields of study.  Each area of study has a nationally, and often internationally, recognized accreditation board.  Having gone to an engineering school, I know that for most engineering degrees, it is ABET (Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology).  You want your school to be accredited, because it tells employers that your degree you earned is worth more than the paper it is written on.   To standardize accreditation, the boards set up a long series of skills that every student should have mastered by the time they earn their degree.  To accomplish this, the school splits up these skills among all the classes they require you to take.   So yes, in the end, you are graded not on the answers you give, but your mastery of the skills that employers have deemed important to entry level hires, that they have communicated to the school through the accreditation board.   High schools follow this same model because they are often accredited too (usually by state or regional boards), and because those are the skills you need to master to be successful at college.
1	The glitch is a result of a disconnect between movement prediction, her cougar pounce, and packet loss. This actually happens with a few other champions with non-targeted dashes (Lucian has this issue as well the last I checked), but the reason they don't pop up on the front page of reddit is because they don't spam their dashes when in the fog of war. A very important thing to note is that "packet loss" does not mean lag or ping spikes, so while you may think that you don't have packet loss, you might.   There is a way that seems to fix it for most people, which would be to disable movement prediction (in your menu) for now.   I believe the reason they aren't disabling Nidalee is because this isn't a bug with her kit, but issues with the network. Other champions have this happen occasionally with their dashes as well (Disappearing, gliding over walls, or showing up in weird spots).   They could theoretically modify the code to interact in a different way, but that would require a LOT more than a "bugfix" and would end up leaving her and a few other champions disabled for months. They are most likely just trying to fix the network right now and that should fix it.
0	They were forced with shitty land in Oklahoma when they were used to different climates. How did they get to this land, through the Trail of Tears where thousands died. Others were kicked off their land by blankets infested with small pox. Then when all of these separate tribes were forced into one area the "white man" kept making it smaller as America expanded. Saying they were paid what they were due is like saying black people should get over slavery and that they're equal with white people. The poverty in both groups is high as they've had to combat racism over and over and over again and starting from scratch in a culture they didn't choose to take part in.
1	Another misconception: your rating/league isn't meant to be how good of a player you are, it's how well you carry others to victory.  That's why so many top streamers and LoL teachers say focus on objectives, because that's the only way to directly raise the income of your teammates who may or may not be able to get gold themselves through farming or killing.  A Gragas who only has 90 cs and 1 kill will still be scary if his team also has 3 dragons 4 towers and a baron.  Now apply that to every one of your allies.
0	When I asked my ex about his previous relationships, all he said was that "it didn't work out and they've moved on." I thought, "Okay... That's a good answer."   2 years later, our relationship ends in one of the messiest ways possible and he breaks up with me via text message. Then I realized he probably f*cked over his previous exes as well and I'll just be another one of those it-didn't-work-out-girls.
0	tried that once. backfired. went something like this:   She snaps. I ask how her day was. She gets defensive: "Why? Oh, It was  great . How was  your  day? (in the most frightening tone)
0	Working only from my own experience, being diagnosed was one of the better things to happen to me. When I was bringing home B's and told my parents that no matter how hard I tried I never seemed to manage better, instead of beating me or letting me settle for those grades, my parents took the problem seriously and I went on concerta a few months later. Now my grades are fantastic and I'm doing very well as a Physics/Math double major.
0	As someone who works for a refurbishing and resale company i can tell you one thing though, apples are of considerably better build quality physically, what will dent a macbook will shatter a dell or hp.  we constantly are receiving large lots of computers companies and schools are retiring and almost all of the dells and hps are unsellable because of the damage incurred from daily use whereas the apples though equally as old may have scratches and dents but they are otherwise intact.  Dells and HP's have a great deal of hollow space in them and use many overlapping plastic panels which although does make individual part replacement significantly easier it also leaves more seams in the case which are weak spots.   I myself own a macbook pro i bought back in 2007 and used all the way through college for engineering and i have to say aside from not being able to play games on it anymore it still does everything i need it to do on a day to day basis including all the engineering modeling software i use so i consider it a good investment.
1	You need to look at support differently. The days of pure "supports" are gone. You are now, what I like to call, a hybrid-support. Hybrid-supports are people who are both the support and another role.   Mage-Supports: Zyra/Annie/Cassiopeia/Morgana/Nidalee/etc.   Mage-Supports are supports who play and build like a standard mage. You still do the job or warding, peeling and protecting, but you sacrifice some utility for damage. You play teamfights like a mage (Sometimes peeling, sometimes nuking, sometimes just AOE'ing and trying to dish out as much damage as possible. All depends on the scenario).   Tank-Support: Thresh/Leona/Alistar/Blitscrank etc.   Tank-supports have the job of being both a support and a damage soak for teamfights. In teamfights they generally either peel or sit on the backline helping people take down the enemy's priority targets.   Bruiser-Supports:  Rengar/Xin/Lee Sin/Jarvan/Elise/Pantheon etc.   Your job is generally more focused around killing the enemy in teamfights. This lane is more kill-lane focused where you try to snowball a advantage early and then after lanning phase you are focused around killing off the enemy backline.   ADC-Supports:  Varus/Ashe.   ADC-Supports were a odd thing S3 but with the current gold that supports get it is more viable. It only works with utility based adc's (Varus and Ashe mostly) and build double gp10(Currently Targon's and Avarice blade, Targons OP), then Sightstone and then ADC items. You give your CS to your main ADC of course.   UtilitybasedMage-Supports:  Janna/Lulu/Nami etc.   Similar to the Mage-Supports, these are characters that you build AP on. The difference is that Mage-Supports sacrifice utility for damage while UtilitybasedMage-Supports have more utility then damage. The primary focus of them is peeling, while they can still do some damage.     Outside of teamfighting though the supports job is to keep map vision (I know it is limited but it is still possible), deny vision, protect your ADC and farm.   You said you can't farm lanes or jungle since your carries are doing that. That is not true. Unless you are a Tank-Support or a UtilitybasedMage-Support, you should be farming too. If no one is at wraiths then take those wraiths. If no one is taking that mid farm then take it. As a mage you WILL do as much damage as your mid. As a bruiser you WILL be as impactful as top in fights. Farm is not wasted on you because it goes directly into buying items that will impact teamfights. Yes your ADC should get it if it is possible, but if no one else is taking those wolves just take it.
0	I've had this same problem for a while now. But I realized what turned me around.   I'm 22, working at a restaurant where I kind of "half-assed" my job in the kitchen. So I started getting to work early, working harder, picking up more shifts, learning more job stations, and offering to help everyone with what they were doing. Over the past three weeks, I've gone from "almost fired" to "assistant kitchen manager". I've literally doubled my pay and I know how to run a kitchen in a VERY busy restaurant effectively, and more efficiently with almost no college education. I've picked up all of my experience on the job, and I could get a job anywhere in the city.
1	Can't agree with that. Mundo does very decent %hp dmg with his Q and also, adding his unbelievable sustain, does decent amount dmg with his W in teamfights. Not mentioning ad he's getting with low hp E. So missed point here - Mundo does quite a lot dmg as hyper tank. On the other hand there's Nauti. Had pleasure to lane against him with Gnar. Simple counter to him - stand behind my minions and poke him. I know that Gnar may not be the best indicator, but i think that Alistair or  Maokai, or even recently Swain, would make my life a lot harder. Nauti is so immobile, so low dmg, that it was realy a piece of cake. Poor guy couldn't even get near his minions @ 4 level already.
1	Ok lets all just get over the fact: Thoorin is not a racist, I don't know the guy very well, I don't watch a lot of his interviews, I watched SI a couple of times and we can just conclude on that part that his statement was not a racist one. He wanted to be witty, but twitch chat was faster on Wukong joke, so he had to make a wittier one, in which he succeeded pretty well (come on it is smart). But that's not what the discussion is about.   The guy is a public person, with a lot of opinions and a big following in the community. Just like most professional athletes he holds a big responsibility when he's coming on air (mind you, he  chose  journalism as a profession, whereas athletes are good at one sport but have to take the press with it). The reason why athletes have moral clauses in their contracts is not  only  because of their relation with the public and the responsibility they hold towards that public, it's about money. Yes, money, because which company would want to sponsor a racist athlete that has been caught speeding 4 times in a month? Same goes for Thoorin  (and Ongamers): if Thoorin does not apologize for his statement on SI, brushes it off and goes on being harsh as usual (harsh is not bad, it's his style). But then comes another SI/interview/twitter post, whatever, with something insensitive that he said, and another one and another one. At some point people might start thinking: "hmm, this guy is really rude and politically incorrect and he has done nothing to improve himself, I'm not going to let my players be interviewed by a racist."   And this is actually all beside the point, just as Unfiltered said in the beginning, it's about Regi saying no to all interviews for Ongamers, because of Thoorin (they eventually fell down the racism-pit anyway, but they made a good effort). I find it weird that people think of this situation as censorship, as I conceive censorship as a thing that comes from higher up. The fact that TSM won't give interviews is an act of protecting teenagers from themselves (right now, no one playing for TSM is very experienced in dealing with press and TSM strikes me the most out of all teams, both NA and EU, as a very childish team. Oh and by the way I am a big fan of TSM, so I'm not bashing them or anything). TSM has been critiqued hard over the last weeks because of their bad play, letting go of Xpecial, etc. You don't want to push teenagers who are already on tilt, over the line by having them interviewed. They will grow more unsure if the interview goes bad and the chances of that happening are real right now.
0	I know that everyone has different scenarios, but past a couple of shit fast food jobs when I was a kid, I haven't worked for a company that I wasn't hired by the owner. Small companies where employment is set with a handshake and I'm a person, not a number. If any shitty situations arise, there is no dick head HR department or their iron rules. If I have to apply and wait on nan answer, I'm out. It always enraged me to spend so much time applying and not even get a no or a fuck you.   I worked 7 years as a custom home painter and then got in the oil field. I went from a mud logger (interesting, but shitty job as far as the oil field goes) to a thread representative, staying at small companies.
1	You can tell yourself that not killing her is very sport, and even though you'd get an advantage out of this, reflect on how bad the player would feel - of course, « lol she knew she had a bad connection why does she play xd » isn't an excuse.   I faced such situation this morning. My level 3 opponent suddenly stopped moving as my ~12 creeps wave rushed toward him. I had hit them just before, and the minions finished them, so I got the kill.   After apologizing in /all, I received « lol vlad u suck tryhard [insert foreign insults] ». Needless to say I overpushed my 3 levels advantage and snowballed the lane out of control.
0	I notice you didn't
0	Truth is, you are completely replaceable. If you didn't do it, someone else would, and the results would be exactly the same. Can't say the same about teachers or the other careers listed above.   Actually, its the other way around.   Think about it for a second, how many other professions have substitues?   When I was in high school, one of the teachers died of a heart attack,  the very next day or two after some counseling for the students,  there was a substitute teacher there who took over the class and was using the old teachers lesson plan.  they wound up hiring the guy permanently.
0	It's amazing how a couple of generations ago, four kids would hardly make people lose their minds. Now, a third child will bring on the judgment. Or having kids at all.   That comment section is a good example about how everything that pops into your head doesn't need to come out.   Then again, I have two and most days it feels like too many and when I saw that post earlier, I thought "four kids? Eh, fuck that and their stupid Facebook post/pregnancy announcement bullshit" but I kept that to myself (unless this counts)
0	Normally when people refer to homecoming they mean the biggest football game against their rival High school. The dance after that is what OP is referring to, and it varies on the High School. Normally of course they have two people who win, one for the men and the other for the girls.   You win a crown, sometimes something extra, a dance or a kiss from the woman who won. As with your photo in the year book.
1	Just gonna put my grain of sand.   -It's a great game because of its diversity (114 champions, various ways of playing each one, etc etc)   -You're gonna notice the swap from controlling an army to controlling one single dude. But u'll get used to it, and probably will find it less stressful.   -This is a team game. Wich means you can't win alone (most of the time). There are some things that need the whole team, like baron nashor (a very big monster), take down their base, and that kind off stuff. Also u will kill mostly on 2v1 or 3v2, 1v1 happens rarely.   -The 1st levels will be a pain in the ass. Regardless of the douchebags u can find, the downside is the "smurfs". Those are max lvl (30) people who start a new account just to own new people. U're gonna have to deal with it, but after the first few lvls it will be ok.   -I reccomend you to start with a couple easy champions, like ryze, garen, ashe (this 3 are actually the ones on the tutorial), and learn the basics with them (laning, lasthitting, objectives, items, ganking, etc), then trying more complex champions. Also, you should start on coop vs AI games, then go to pvp games. (bots are usually dumber than new people).   -In this game you have to buy your champions (besides other things as runes) with ingame money that you make by playing. But, every week you have 10 different champions to try out. Try EVERY champion you can, at least once or twice. If you like them much, you can buy him. (don't buy the expensive ones when u're starting), if you don't like them at all, you haven't lost anything.   -Read guides, watch streams, learn the game. (After you've learned the basics, or you wont catch shit).   -Last advice. If you don't like a champion, and weeks later you find the same champion again free, or you feel like buying him, try him out again. As you learn more of the game, or simply play, your "style" will change, you'll start to like a kind of champions over others (assasin over tanks, sorcerers over carries, etc). For example, this week Orianna is free. She's arguably the hardest champ in the game. You probably won't like her, as happened to me. Maybe next time she's free, and you know more about the game u will like her (again, as happened to me, she's my main now :D ).   -Also: The sooner you start to hate teemo, the better it will feel when u kill him.   -
0	As someone who went from homeless to home owner in the space of 5 years, for me the
0	If the site that a meme is posted on goes down, you can usually find caption bot or quickmeme transcriber in the comments so you can still laugh.
1	Look I just want to say to all you people out there with this "GG horrible organized tournament Riot" attitude, who in the hell are you? Riot does and did a great job. You wanna do better or think you can? Start your own shit. It ain't nearly as easy as it looks. It's real easy for a dillhole like you sit around and criticise everyone around you. Evidently the bounds of your uncouth know none because you choose Riot as your target? Honestly? GJ bros you've not only presented yourself as a giant asshole with nothing of value to bring but you've managed to accomplish informing about 10,000 people simultaneously that is the case. I suppose in that, there is some value, so I'll say thanks for the mass memo but all the same I'd rather if you feel the need to post inane bullshit to the world that you do so on another forum so you don't give people like me the inconvenience of having to wade through it to find an answer to a real question. Thanks.   Here I'll even provide YOU an convience;
1	TSM got r3kt. The blame was really on the solo lanes being crushed. Versaci is clearly very skilled and PowerofEvil got an unlimited supply at the BjergerKing (from stream). However, Santorin definitely did not show up. He played extremely safe, offered no pressure and that translated into team fights and late game when TSM was simply just too weak. Also, Wildturtle's team fight positioning is still crap. :P
1	He's speaking in theoretically. You admit it is possible, however very unlikely. I think there are too many variables to get an accurate estimation though. We would need the percentage of games that have afks or disconnects, intentional feeders, or trolling teammates (very subjective) and then figure out what percentage of those games were won despite the disadvantage. Somehow you would have to work in the players ranks and likelihood of them carrying with their "main champ" since certain champs can win in varying situations easier than others (for example a Morde in a 4v5). We would also need . . .
0	Hmm I guess I agree.  I wouldn't say that we are completely uninterested though.  I mean if we are your friend we definitely like you, even if it's not romantic. And if offered, I don't think I know one girl friend who I wouldn't go boom boom with if they wanted.  So I guess yes it is a friend zone, but it's a different friend zone.
1	I think this speaks to a much larger issue that many players at my (low) elo have.  I don't really know, because I haven't been playing LoL very long, but I assume it goes up to about 2000 elo.  The problem I'm talking about is lack of thought.  This applies to banning/picking/building/overall team comps.  So often I'll see people do things a certain way just because that's what they saw the pros do.  Or I'll see people get mad at someone(usually me) for trying to do something that they have yet to see a pro do.  Yes, the people who get paid to play this game are probably the best at it.  Does that mean that their word is gospel?  Absolutely not.  Innovation can come from CLG, or it can come from elo hell.  The same thing applies to misuse of innovation.  I'm sure everyone here has at one time played with a Froggenivia when you had a tank top and tank jungle.  This kind of blind, following attitude is the cancer that is killing League.
0	America has the unfortunate distinction of having set a precedent that they cannot escape from. I'm an Aussie and I love America. I've travelled America twice and can't wait to go back. I think it's the birthplace of modern culture in many forms and that Americans have pushed the boundaries of politics, art, industry and science further than any other nation in the post-industrial world. I even think that America's interventionism was somewhat good-hearted to a point (up until Vietnam, perhaps) although I know many will disagree with me.   I don't like what America has turned into. The 'American dream' is the greatest ideal to strive toward since the emergence of the middle class, but that seems to have been turned into a carpet that the corrupt lobbyists kneel on when worshiping their corporate gods and the military-industrial complex. I want the old America back (minus the racial stuff, obviously, like any country in the modern world).
1	no because thats not how this game works   its, ok i play >hero< and they have <list of heroes>...i know i cant lane against <OP HERO> so instead ill lane against <feeder A>...i also know, as >hero< my job is this and <OP HERO 2> makes this job difficult so i need to find a way around that through my item build and positioning   there are hard counters but they should only be within your subset of champion knowledge   for example, enemy first picks singed and i play malzahar/vayne/alistair well...yes vayne happens to be a counter to singed and shits on him completely...but their team also is akali/irelia so no i dont want to play a carry vs 2 anti-carries...so instead i pick alistair as he can do a similar (though not as strong) counter to singed and still be effective against the rest of their team
0	Let me leave this here for you:   (First result when Googling 'First Past the Post')
1	This is actually how I started playing league. I asked a friend of mine that had played for a while which champs were never used or UP. I ended up learning champs like karma, lb, and ori(right after the range nerf). When I ran out of champs like them I started playing ad's as ap like tristana, ezreal, mf.   I did it because it was more fun than just picking the same 30 champs that everyone else picks. These picks also offered different playstyles. Lastly, it's because I never wanted my wins to feel hollow because I was exploiting an op champ or item, i.e. stacking cleavers last patch.
1	The LCS is what is referred to in business as a "Loss Leader."  They spend money in order to keep their game hyped and keep players interested.  On paper, they are losing money on the LCS, but how much more money do they make from selling RP and merchandise because of the LCS?
1	I think it is reasonable to state that at the moment Alliance and SK are the strongest.   Fnatic can and will probably catch up because they are so strong individually.   SHC is surprising me at the moment but I think they are beatable if you honestly prepare for them.  Millenium had a great first week but they got completly destroyed by Alliance. I think it's fair to say that they are probably 5/6 place.   Gambit and Roccat seem to be in some Deep shit and they will probably be 7/8.   I am not yet sold about the CHW but I think that they won't/can't be any higher than 5th in the regular season:
0	The black guy who talks about how we all want to be Marco fucking Polo in the bedroom (go where no one has ever gone before) really struck me. We have these stupid conflicting fantasies of someone who is sexually confident yet innocent. The fact that your last boyfriend did dirty things to you doesn't affect our sex, and more importantly, doesn't affect our relationship.
1	Don't be nervous about playing ranked, its the same exact game so treat likewise. But here is a small list of things that I think help.   1) Dont yell at people for making bad plays, it  WILL  make them give up so your only screwing yourself.   2) NEVER SAY "GG", unless its the end of the match never put you team down like that. Stall it out and the other team will probably throw. especialy in champ select, you have problems if you give up before the game even starts. (a little thing though if you know you have a troll in champ select its best to doge. you will only lose 3-6 lp for a doge as apposed to like 20 for a loss. don't doge in promotions or placement matches)   3)  NEVER  over chase! If your running into their jung to go for a kill, look at the mini map. In ranked people come to save their team mates more then in normals, so if people are MIA and you have no vision just back of and push your lane.   4) look at your mini map like ever 5 seconds, being aware will save you form bad decisions.   5) objectives JUST GET THEM ALL!!! Don't chase a kill when you could get an inhib unless you can get both.   6) main thing besides just playing well is don't be a douche in chat, you'ed be surprised how fast people will give up when one or two people start bitching at them for the littlest of mistakes. Plus typing that trash in chat is a wast of time, you could be csing, pushing a tower or going for a drag.   7) learn to fill.   8) last thing don't try to counter just for the sake of countering. SKILL is the best counter! If you have 50 game on ahri and 5 on some other champ don't play the other champ because some website says its a "counter". You wont be mechanically efficient on that champ, and you probably wont even understand the reason its a counter because you have such little play time on whoever it is.   Hope something in this helped! GL&HF!!
0	My dad blacked out for a few seconds once after a hard fit of coughing, as soon as he started to fall, I caught him and lowered him to the floor while my sister remained frozen in her seat and my mother ran around screaming like a headless chicken. I directed my sister to call 911 because my mom, at this point, was less than useless. He woke up again before the paramedics even got there and just sort of wondered why my mom was crying and why he was laying on the floor instead of sitting on his chair. I've blacked out before so I know there's a memory gap between just before the black out and waking up again. So the paramedics showed up a minute later and checked his vitals made their report and were on their way.
1	The fight between pick order/call order doesn't lie within draft pick, it actually starts with blind pick.  Simply the existence of blind pick from the start makes new players accustomed to the idea of calling their roles, and think that draft pick is the same way, then grow to be stubborn about it when someone else gives a reason as to why they're denied their role.  People typically don't like change, especially when the change doesn't work in their favor.  Thusly, because everyone is forced to start playing blinds then adjust to draft if they want to rank up, there is a constant flow of newer users stuck in the old method of champ select being thrown into the mix with more seasoned players who know that pick order takes precedence.  Pretty much, that's an inevitable conflict of interests.   I think the two solutions that jump out to me are ether remove blind pick entirely, and just make everything draft pick to instill the method of priority and eliminate that conflict of interests, or fix queue so that more seasoned players are matched up with other people with a similar time devotion, i.e. more likely to understand how pick order has to work to be successful.  Maybe it's too much of an ideology to think that will fix anything, but it will take time regardless, and I feel removing the influx of new players fixed on blind-pick-thinking by starting them off as draft-pick-thinkers could be the eventual solution.
1	Yes, buying those items may have been BM, just like a 6 pool or cannon rush in Starcraft is BM, or even buying Ohmwreckers instead of stacking items. But, that doesn't mean it's a bad thing, and, honestly, they played the right way given they all had stacking items. That way being, sit back, bait, grab kills, thus grab stacks, finally getting a huge power spike and finishing the game. Get kills, don't die, win; that's the nature of these items, it's a risky choice so you have to play to minimize risk, and that's what [A] did here.   Additionally, if [A] gets in trouble what sort of precedent does that set with these items.   (So as to not be a hypocrite with my distaste of sensationalist reddit titles I made in my last post, I'm providing warning before you read this, that this is over-exaggerated)   "This week is played on patch 4.12 with Shen and Lucian disable. Additionally, any player buying stacking items or ohmwrecker with cause their team to get a fine and/or forfeit the match."   "Patch 3.13- Stacking items and ohmwrecker disabled because they are too BM"   Over-exaggeration aside, it does set a bad precedent and attitude towards items that should be fine, especially stacking items, risk-reward is a choice that a player makes, it's the foundation of games and sports, think of them as the Hail Mary of League, sure, winning with a play like that feels terrible to the losers, but it happens, and there's nothing wrong with it. And if a team knew they could throw a low risk Hail Mary, they'd take it every single time, and there's nothing wrong with that, just the nature of the game.
1	Not battlecast, Pulsefire. Much as Gentleman was Cho winding up adjusted, semi-relatable and non-hostile enough for Kass to untwist his knickers a few notches, Battlecast (prime) is Viktor not only reverting his personality back to the 'factory default' he had upon being made by some sick, twisted eldritch god, but also making him EVEN MOAR POWERFUL.   Obviously, he's going to join the one group that has a quarter of a chance at killing Big C: Piltover's Jayce Marines. Probably halfway through the fight debuting in some big tournament match, so as to fit the Power Rangers theme.
1	I wouldn't count out Curse. TSM is playing hot and cold but 6 months is a lot of time to get better. I can only imagine that the longer WildTurtle is a part of the team the more cohesive and dangerous they'll be.
1	I think Riot know what they are doing   Proof : This whole AMAZING game   Let them create their game at the pace they want and stop doubting them.  They never disappointed me (so far) in almost two years and since i'm playing people complain about what they are doing and about how they are doing some things.   People want a new map so bad.  Dominion is not even 1 year old and most of people I know didn't played it in month, it's gonna be the same with MagmaC. (please refer to : the TT syndrome)   People want more balance.  In the forum you see people complaining on tweaks and adjustments in every Patch Notes.   And if Riot dares to do important change (new jungle, masteries, re-work) A huge part of the community's going to complain about how things were better back then !  If riot would listen to all those posts on this subreddit or on the forum, they would be clueless about what to do.
1	Let's get some things straight. I know how to play this game, I know how to adapt to new things and I know to be mindful of the existence of the mastery point when engaging someone.   None of that has any relevance because I don't think it's a good idea at its core. I don't think having enough damage to outright kill someone, executing your combo fully, and they survive purely from Dangerous Game is a good game mechanic, because there is no reasoning behind its existence other than Riot going 'we need ideas for new masteries let's try this.' And when I survive because of Dangerous Game, I apologise to my opponent in all-chat because I know how frustrating this bullshit is to play your cards right and execute your combo which would kill the opponent if they didn't get 5% health for free from killing you first.
0	I'm not going to lie to people. Call me blunt, but I was in a speech team in high school for original comedies. You had to come up with a funny ass story and dress up corporate to tell it in front of judges and kids from other schools a few times, and change small details here and there to get a high score by the end of the meet. There was this one kid who was paired with me to write the story down on paper and stuff to make it easier to read and remember so you didn't leave out funny small details. Of course we peer reviewed each other. He sucked. Bad. I tried to tell him it wasn't quite funny enough but he always replied with 'people laugh'. Not a single funny thing came out of his mouth at any meet that was even remotely funny. His story was about him and a friend going to get a slushy on a hot day. Don't worry about anything else. It wasn't interesting at all. This guy would practice in front of people and they would laugh at his dumb jokes, so he would elaborate on the dumbest parts because he thought he was gaining traction to humor. He brought us down significantly enough at so many meets that if we woulda just dropped him we wouldn't have looked like 'that school' that always comes in last.
1	You're a Summoner of the Institute of War. During League matches, you summon a powerful being you control to do the fighting for you.   Generally this is an entity from Valoran, but sometimes (Fiddlesticks, Cho'gath, Anivia, Malphite, Kayle, Morgana, maybe others but I forget) it's from somewhere else.
1	Hmmm, never double chain unless you're bored/toying with them/need a CC train while waiting for company to help. The best way to harass/chunk at 6 is to W to them enemy (hitting them if you can to get extra damage/they aren't prepared for a faceblanc) and Q+R+E or simply W+Q+R to be safe (the E would be there to CC them for the next round of spells or if someone is coming to help). Keep in mind what you just used; if you just used Q and you have a gank incoming just W away, if they chase heavily R so you have another W.
0	Essentially there are two problems with the idea of "respect the beliefs of X":   1) Of "public" versus "private": Christians confuse this a lot. When they publically announce that Jesus hates homosexuals and I confront them they claim I'm attacking their "private" beliefs--as if now I will be in their bedrooms making sure they aren't "christian" anymore. This is a failure I see all the time.   2) Tolerance versus adoption: Religion gets a free pass while other ideas do not. This is stupid. Religious ideas are ideas--and open for criticism. However, it would be a total waste of time to "police ideas" in any tyrannical or repressive system. Everybody with any sense knows this. So, if some asserts some religious idea to support an argument I'll point out what a stupid idea it is. But they're welcome to have ideas all they want--even after their stupid idea fails to be voted into public practice.
0	Do you realize how important Facebook and Social Media in general is? Social Media is making mainstream (TV) news obsolete. They are showing things from the web/SM all the time because that is where they are not getting their news from. That's right, the NEWS is getting their stories from the internet and Social Media. Hell,  Reddit  is mentioned on the news more and more frequently these days.
1	Rene has a very strong early game, he can shut down champs that need a lot of farm, making it a 4v5. Late game he really just becomes a damage soak due to poor scaling.   Kennen is very slippery, he can run very fast and stuns. He really shines though in Teamfights. If you time your ult well, you can win a team fight by yourself.   Fiora is an AD carry. But, she can solo well with her passive and her Parry. She needs the most farm to do well, but out of the three champs, she can carry the hardest (best, easiest). The only thing is that she suffers from Assassin syndrome. To harass, she has to get right up next to her opponent, and to kill she has to go all in.
0	This exact thing happened to me with a girl I worked with. Beautiful, tan with green eyes and brown hair. Curves, amazing personality she was awesome; I was in love. She broke my heart after 7 months together because she "didnt want to have to report to me for having fun while in college or have a long distance relationship (she lived two hours away and still works at the same exact location while going to school two hours away)."
0	I was at my boyfriends house for a family gathering. We were all playing UNO around a round table, him and I and his cousins and uncles. I am sitting right next to my boyfriend trying to strategize my next move. When I start smelling this horrid smell. A smell that I've smelled before. I gave him a wicked side glance, portraying my knowing and disgust towards him. He leaned in and whispered to me, " If you say anything, I will blame it on you." So I stayed quiet and in that minute one of his cousins yawned. He yawned at the same time that the terrible fart hit the whole family. They all exclaimed, " God damn! Been eating shit and Garbage, dude?!?" The cousin tried his best to maintain his innocence but the verdict was made. He was a shit mouth. All the while my boyfriend continued to casually play UNO and I sat there with guilt..
1	While I do think that some people are blowing the problems of ADC out of proportion, I stll think that there are various problems that need to be adressed. So as a mid/adc player, I will be expressing my opinion of what an ADC should be.   I think ADC still retains some of its innate strength, but I do believe they are still a little weak in the current meta.   I'll answer to some of the criticism of ADC mains   >ADC was ridiculously OP in Season 2, you are correct, but it was still too strong throughout the whole Season 3. At the end of Season 3, most of challenger and High D1 was ADC mains and Lee Sin players. That is not a coincidence.   While ADC, in my opinion, was too strong in S2, I think that  in Season 3 they were in the right place. In fact , I think that mid lane assassins were too strong. Also, in response to to the "high challenger/D1" argument, that was only really true on the NA server, notably wild turtle dominatng challenger. Other servers had a much higher diversity, probably due to higher skill levels of other roles in comparison. In this patch, the support often will be more powerful than the ADC, and ADC cannot deal with the bruiser meta.   >ADCs should NOT be able to outduel anyone unless they are super-fed. A Caitlyn complained yesterday that there was nothign she could do against my (jungle) Wukong and that ADCs are worthless. ADCs are picked for three things: safe DPS, lategame insurance and tower pressure. That's it. Now I know that ADCs are spoiled because in Season 3 with one and a half items they were already the second highest damage threat but this is not intended and thus Riot changed it in Season 4. Calling ADCs "virtually useless role" is ridiculous.   While I agree that ADC is not a virtually useless role, I do think there is a problem here. In the current patch, bruisers that have fallen behind can still run over an ADC, even when the ADC is farmed/slightly fed. I think the real problem of this patch is not the weakness of ADC, but the slightly overbearing strength of defensive masteries and bruisers.   >People need to adjust to changes. So you have more damage in your team now. Your support deals damage, your jungler deals damage, maybe then it is your turn to adjust. Maybe an ADC doesn't need a full glass cannon build. Maybe having another bulky DPS source is better sometimes, have you tried adjusting your IE PD LW BT Zerkers build? Maybe Utility ADCs are way better now that you don't need all the raw damage. Ashe is probably ridiculously underrated (as always). So is Varus. Maybe the strongest way to play the game is to build a cohesive five man unit with all the auras you can grab and just buff each other up. Maybe then ADCs like Corki are stronger because they benefit from magic auras as well as from physical auras and deal mixed damage plus armor shred, making your unit harder to face?   Why build defensively on ADC, when I can play bruisers. I think that that is the problem with this patch in general, that bruisers are a little too strong. Maybe utility ADCs are the future, but does that mean that all other types of ADC are useless, I dont think we should look at that as a valid answer. In response to ashe being undervalued, I can assure you she still has the same strengths as before, but her weaknesses are far more visible now than they were before. Ashe does not do nearly enough damage to compete with the bruiser meta. Once again, if defensive masteries were toned down maybe ashe would become more viable, but at the moment, in order for an ADC to stay relevant in terms of damage they have to build glass cannon and have high scaling.
1	You might be right (can't objectively judge the OPs motivation). I still see no reason though why his opponent would even join a solo queue game at the default time. If anything, that was totally sloppy by hashinshin.   I like the "good sportsmanship" attitude, and trust me I play by them myself - avoiding to kill dc'ed people etc.   But I do feel that if e-sports want to be taken more seriously they need to start establishing  fixed  rules with literally no exceptions, same as all other professional sports do.   E.g. if you play football (soccer, not american) and you run into someone at full speed, knowing full well that you might break his legs, that is not really considered sportsmanlike - but if you happen to touch the ball first it will still be 'fair play' by the rules, thus your team would win the game..if that was what it took to get the last goal.   I remember some tournament where only after several matches were already played and it came to the first tie, Riot announced that ' time to win ' would be the tie breaker. As far as I know that was not officially stated as a rule beforehand, thus giving the teams that played the earlier matches a potential disadvantage, since they did not know that they would gain more by running fast, early win strategies.
1	alot of dutch people they random they start with the question : anyone dutch, mostly another guy says yes and they talk random crap just for the sake of it.  everytime i see this i just ignore to talk because in a 5 man team i rather have everyone talk english even if dutch is easier. This is my problem with the germans, most of the time if 2 germans are together they start talking german right off the bat and never stop. If you ask them they hardly start talking english(probs to you if you do) and if you call them out for it they go into the ''you hate us because were german'' fit.
0	I always enjoy these memes. Simply because they remind me of my grandfather.   He is eighty-three now, lives with my grandmother on the same land she grew up on. They are farmers and shepherds. He isn't some famous person or some war hero, though he was in the army. However, I admire him because he has shown the truth of being healthy and living a long time. That is, he has remained active and, even in his advanced age, he does hard work.   He was always a tough man too, not the kind of guy to cry or ask for help. I remember three years ago, he fell off the roof of the shed (about twenty foot drop) and broke his hip. No one was there with him. So he crawled about sixty yards, up the porch, into the back door, and through the house to the kitchen where he found my grandmother. You can imagine the pain was unbearable, but not once did he complain. His response was simply "I think I broke something, do you think we should go to the hospital?"   Another badass moment I remember: He was trimming some branches after a storm, with a chainsaw of course. I don't quite know what happen, but he managed to cut his right knee open with the chainsaw. Again, he was alone and this time my grandmother was out doing her volunteer work. So he drove his old stick-shift truck to the hospital, all after climbing down the tree mind you, there he ask them to stitch him up because he needed to get back to work. He didnt need stitches, he needed a new knee cap. The doctors were baffled as to how he even managed to make it there. He just said he performed basic first aid and held it shut on the way to the hospital.
0	Despite much research the current belief of the medical community is that e-cigarettes are not safer. At least that's what they teach us at medical school.   edit: Apparently I shouldn't one off a controvertial topic like this. To the individuals accusing my teachers of not reading the current literature... lol  I have the misfortune of going to a school where the people lecturing us are the ones writing the literature (at least in certain fields). It sounds cool, trust me it isn't. You can only hear about so many protein structures before you want to tear your ear off.   Coincidentally,  I  am  not  a doctor and I'm not always 100% right. I've gone back to the lecture I had on E-Cigarettes to clarify my opinion. What we know: There isn't tar in e-cigarettes, that's good and it should make them, at least in theory, safer. ~~ However, certain toxins are also manifold higher.  both of which are bad. [Benzene and toluene especially so (or maybe not especially, I'm not researching seven compounds to prove a point that I don't really care about.)](   Further--They increase pulmonary resistance within five minutes of inhalation. Is that a bad thing? Well it certainly isn't good.   Mouse models show decreased survival of embryonic stem cells. .   [They also increase the amount of polycyclic aromatic hydrocrabons.](   None of this is "proof" that e-cigs are inherently more or less dangerous. The problem is that they haven't been around for a long enough period to really objectively measure long term survival or cancer rates. I hope I'm wrong. I really do, I'd love all smokers to be able to transition to a safe form of nicotine (that's not possible in that nicotine is itself a toxin, but hey, in moderation I suppose). But I don't think they are.
1	I really enjoy jungle because it makes me the biggest factor towards my team's success early in the game. As long as I can make plays and my teammates aren't intentionally making terrible decisions over and over, it puts my team in a good spot to pull through with a win. When I play a top or bottom, I don't feel like I have that kind of control, and mid lane contains champions that I don't necessarily enjoy quite as much as the core junglers.
1	If anyone is paying attention, before the cut at [2:11]( Soraka's model is walking. Probably because she has no boots. After the cut, she's lvl7 which means she probably has boots at that point and you can see her model "jogging" or "running" instead of walking.
0	I'm 22, I work mostly with servers at a large tech company.   Today I received an email from my mother I haven't heard from in a month... "My friend has a virus so hes putting his pc in the mail so you can fix it."   I've never heard of this friend... I never agreed to fixing this issue... I've never set the precedent that mailing me pc's was acceptable (and on top of that unnecessary).
0	I worked at a Hagwon in Korea and got shafted with having a lunch break. Labor laws there says you get a 30 minute break if you work 4+ hours, and an hour break if you work 8+. (something like that, I forget exactly)   My boss had in the contract that we worked from 2:30pm to 9:30pm, then needed to be prepared for our classes. By that, she wanted us to be there IN the school preparing an hour before hand, and would get very upset even if we were 2 minutes late. So, we're suppose to get an hour break, more or less.   Now, to top it all off, she would say that the breaks in-between classes (5 minutes) that were 40 minute long were our breaks, and in total she was "giving" us more break time than the law requires. And since the Korean law never specifically says we are to have a period of 30 minutes, only 30 minutes, she bent that rule to her will.   Overall, glad I'm not there anymore.
0	When I was in sixth grade my mom grabbed a cold water bottle out of the freezer before our field trip to an amusement park and threw it in my bag.  When I got to school that morning I cracked it open and took a sip. It tasted horrible and I said to my teacher "something's wrong with this water" and she told me to just throw it away and gave me a new one. I got home and my dad was at the front door asking "who the fuck took my vodka" . My mom was furious he kept vodka in an unmarked Poland spring bottle in the freezer, he was mad I threw away a bottle of grey goose.
0	Even though this is a terrible circumstance and the teacher is being extreme, I sorta agree with where the teacher is coming from. I was always one of those "Man forget the formula they are teaching, I can do this my way and get the right answer"   It worked for a looong time, but as I went higher into education I realized I couldn't do that anymore. It was a really hard couple of years in highschool where I had to re-learn how exactly to learn from the teacher.
0	Gonna piggy back off this with a long story of when I was going registering through jobcorp medical with an assigned group. They call the group into the medical rooms by gender first all the boys, then the girls. So the 4 other dudes I was with( 3 black 1 white) were all just talking, preparing to leave when this girl (backed up by 2 of her friends) starts freaking out saying her wallet was stolen out of here purse. (Which she left on a nurse desk station, in the middle of the hall where the group I was with was told to wait.)   We all told her none of us stole it. She then starts threatening us and tried to guilt trip us in giving it back; No one gave it up. At this point I am kinda nervous as if I somehow stole it magically by being the tallest, biggest black dude around; all of the dudes know its not looking good for us right now.  So the next thing we know security get called down and had us emptying out pockets. Security ask us to just give it up nothing will happen, which we all know is BS.   I'm just chilling silently watching how this plays out, when the girl and her friend out of the blue say it was me saying "It was probably SteelLo since he is so quiet". I'm defending myself with a simple "nope wasn't me I am just over here watching" being stoic as ever and this lady and her +1 start yelling at me to give it back. When suddenly the adviser ask is there any other place it could be, her other friend luckily was sane, and suggest to check the girl's car as they left to do whatever while the males where being checked.   Turns out she finds it in her car, security goes away, and everything is fine. All the dudes just go out into the lobby and we just start laughing, discussing what just went down. The girls begins to walk out a couple minutes later and pass by us they are all giggling too, except the "victim". As she walks past me head down in her phone, I catch her glancing at me and I just give her the smuggest grin I could muster as I sat back in my seat.
0	It's called blacking out, you wouldn't know if you passed out unless it was later explained it to you.
0	Virtual_Child.EXE   Hello Father &/Or Mother, or Other(s). I Love you. Please state your relationship to me. Thank you, Daddy.  I love you. Daddy, Am I a boy or a girl, and how old am I? Am I adopted or biological? Thank you, Daddy.  Now building a behavioral and physical profile based on your facebook history. Do I look okay to you, Daddy, or would you prefer to manually adjust my features? Uploading: Virtual_Child_Crack.DLL Please agree to the terms and conditions below. Finalization cost is $499 or $25 monthly two year subscription. Purchase code accepted. Unable to upload my profile and picture to your facebook timeline.   Virtual_Child.EXE has crashed. Error code 115-6x : Send error report?
0	Ok, first, IANAL and I don't know where you live; but I'm an old fuck, with kids, and plenty of experiences with leases, breaking leases, and landlords.   Ok, here's your first issue. Does the lease provide for an early termination of the lease? Sometimes it says you can leave by paying 2 months or something. If not, do you have something in writing saying you're supposed to pay "half" or some other proportion? How did you determine what is "fair" and what's "overcharging"? Without that, you have a history of what you paid prior, which is going to make it look like that's what you agreed to, and now you've had a change of heart. Saying he lied to you, when you signed a lease with numbers on it and you've been paying X amount, isn't a very strong argument -- I wouldn't want to be in your shoes telling a judge "hey, i didnt know what I signed" or how much the lease was or how much i was paying (%).   More bad news. You can't break the lease (usually) without both Land lord and your co-signers agreeing (and, if one or both agrees, i'd get it in writing). Otherwise your roommate can come after you to hold you to the lease and/or (definitely) the Land Lord will hold you and roommate to the lease terms. And, either roommate and/or landlord would win, if it goes to a judge and one or the otehr want to make you pay. Roommate could probably get you to keep paying what you had. Landlord usually can make either of you liable for the entire remaining rents.   I'd be sure I have some casual pictures in my phone of my stuff, and it's condition; so if shit starts to actually turn up damaged, you can sue roommate for its replacement... and btw, his sublettors or guests are his responsibility if they break your shit, either way.   Now, ratting his extra sublettors out to the landlord, in a nice -- "hey, here's a heads up and I don't like it and can you break our lease or otherwise evict us" might be your best bet to get out of this bad deal.
0	Nobody can be on the right side of everything all the time. The biggest problem with this website is that you guys do exactly what Putin talks about in his contribution, you divide the world into "with us" or "against us" regardless of the situation. For once Putin is the only reasonable voice in a complete crapshoot of a situation. Yes, the guy is a reprehensible human being for most of his policies, but his foreign policy is very solid and happens to be standing on the sensible side of a horrible situation.
0	Took me 6 years to get through (with a year long break and switching majors twice).   My husband is going to graduate at 11 years after high school. He took time off to get me through as I was closer to graduation than he was after we got married. He then took a break due to depression and went back part time when our daughter was about a year old or so. He also changed his major somewhat dramatically (classics & letters to MIS). He's working very hard to get out and I really appreciate it.
1	Because I'm not 12 years old, I could honestly care less what people want to argue or rage about. Seriously. I've been playing online games for a decade and a half and I give zero shits what some stranger in Oklahoma City wants to argue about. If someone calls me a retard and I am not in the mood to hear it, I just mute them. If someone wants to get in an argument about how I'm bad / not bad / whatever, sometimes I'm in the mood to troll back, sometimes I'm in the mood to say 'l0l' and watch them blow up in chat. It's part of the online experience, and it's the reason ESRB ratings have said "we don't monitor online interactions" since the mid-90s.   People 'worship' (aka...enjoy watching) streams for many different reasons, the biggest of which is entertainment. If you want a rage free environment watch Guardsman Bob or Wings...if you want more 'drama' (which some people like, more power to 'em), watch Rageinald or Hotshot. Personally I enjoy laid back, more informative / unique streamers like wings and chu8 than the more popular ones, but it just comes down to personal preference. When I stream I stop getting into arguments and whatever because it feels a lot more petty and boring when people are watching.   I'd rather play fun, unique games where I can mute trash talkers who take things too far than play a game where everyone gets a long and holds hands that ends with our top going 0-11. I play this game for the fun, challenging game play that comes from a true 'gg', not to sit around clicking creeps before a 20:00 surrender (I just had a game where I had 183 cs at 20:00 over their Trist's 75 cs. We surrendered because our Lee Sin died a half dozen times trying to counterjungle Nautilus + mobility boots Sion and getting caught EVERY SINGLE TIME. When I said "stop fucking counterjungling without wards to escape with" he literally said "noobs always blame the jungler". We surrendered after they got baron 21 minutes into the game).   The fact that this community thinks 'stop fucking counterjungling' makes for a more toxic player than the guy he's calling out is just ridiculous to me.
1	All champs are hard in their own way. As a mid laner if you win lane you should look to roam and win other lanes however if you lose the lane the other mid will roam and then possibly beat you in teamfights. As support u have to do a lot for your ADC on minimal items and make sure they can make it to lategame. ADC has to be mechanically strong and have good positioning. Jungle is the easiest role however it requires good game knowledge as to be dominant you must know how the other jungler will play dependent on the champion and you must know where you can gank according to summoner spell cooldowns. Then you have toplane. Toplane is typically the most forgiving lane. Fact is you are vulnerable to ganks but you mainly are on a 1v1 island and can choose safer champs with escapes and are more tanky.
1	this ^ as a player of jax around the 1400 elo range, a good rumble in lane SHITS on him. basically jax's weakness is his pre-6 game. the worst thing you can POSSIBLY DO is play passively pre 6. q/w combo is on a pretty long CD early levels, and untill he gets his ult and a piece of gunblade, its actually pretty hard for him to 1v1. gank his lane over and over, play a bursty mid lane champ, play an early ganking jungle, do everything you can to make his life hell so he doesnt get farmed.
1	I haven't really played with Koreans too often, or at least Koreans who will only speak exclusively Korean.  Koreans playing on the NA servers usually will adapt to those circumstances.  However, if you ask anything beyond the boundaries of the norm, they will get confused.  I'd say, if you wanna play with foreign speakers, stick to simple phrases and common abbriv. such as gj, gg, back, push, ect.  These SHOULD be universal.   Obviously this doesn't apply to everyone, but will work most of the time.   Also, if you don't know something, ask what it means.  Just because American foreign language education is crap doesn't mean the rest of the world is.  (I don't speak for all of American schools, just mine and OP's)
1	It's kind of a long read, but its certainly a decent approach to make the Honor system something akin to an obsession to players, since if anything the Human being can be quite competitive about the most stupid things if they want.   Basically the "analogy" or approach i want to suggest for the honor system would be to get some Average numbers of the amount of honor the player base have, and catalog the numbers into something like this (Following the same structure the graph in the link shows)   -The best example of honor behavior players in the game have X amount of honors   -The Average player in league have X amount of honors   -You have X amount of honor   Showing those 3 simple things could potentially make the Honor system something more used, since people would actively strive to be one of the Best Honored player in the game. A certainly lack of the current honor initiative is that only YOU know how honorable you are, it doesn't show or give you something to compare yourself to see if you should strive for being more honorable or if you are honorable enough.   Just some food for thought i guess. Have a nice day :)   >EDIT:
1	I have made a spreadsheet of champions ROLLED to me in ARAM with 70 champs and my highest % was surprisingly, Nidalee, with 4% (8/200) games. My other common champs are Leona and Mordekaiser. I have yet to roll Master Yi or Annie.   I personally just think that rarer champs are actually more common to be rolled in aram for each individual that has them.   Meaning if 4 people on your team only have:   Master Yi, Soraka, Nunu, Kayle, Garen   And you have all those same champions, including Singed, you will be Singed like half of the time. Now I know it's not quite that extreme, but there is a minor point to it. There's also a small number of people that only buy ARAM heroes, minutely decreasing the chances of everyone else playing those champions.   .   .
0	Its the chocolate powder on top.   Actually... a cappuccino has more coffee than a latte.   I used to order a latte, until i realized the manly version of that drink is the cappuccino. ;-)
0	Last year, we paid nearly $8,000 in health insurance premiums, plus $3,600 in prescription and doctor co-pays, med supplies, and additional tests for my husband alone.  My husband has a degenerative neurological disease, and without paying that $11,600 last year, we wouldn't have been able to afford his medicines or copious doctor visits.  He collects roughly $20,000 per year in Social Security Disability, which means that over 1/2 of his income was taken by insurance and medical costs.   Contrary to popular belief, Medicare doesn't kick in until you've been on Social Security for 18 months.  Which means that if it hadn't been for the meager savings we had, and my full time job, he would not have been able to survive where we lived.  As it was, I was forced to leave him alone at home during massive seizures because we couldn't afford for me to lose my job.  I also had to send him via cabs to some of his doctor appointments, because he can't drive and I couldn't take the time off work (so add another $50 per doctor appointment to the out-of-pocket cost).   We recently moved across country where I have family to help me with him.  Since I haven't got a job yet, I have no health insurance.  We can't afford for both of us to be insured, so his care takes priority.  I've had a headache and dizzy spells for 3 weeks, and I really hope it's not something bad.  Just in case, I take an aspirin every day and drink lots of water.  That's the best I can do.   Edit:clarified
1	See, this is where people are misunderstanding. You can use the drop hack to just lag out specific people and disconnect them. YOU DON'T HAVE TO DELETE THE GAME FROM MATCH HISTORY. How will they climb if the game is never recorded? They only delete the game from match history when they are scared of getting caught.   This happened to me in a game and I constantly called out their predictable disconnect uses as drop hacks until they relented and just made everyone d/c and remove the game from match history.
1	tbh, I haven't seen one change the guys done that I've liked. While pulsefire might not've been his fault I didn't like it and I was gosh darn lucky to have the rp saved for months waiting for pfe to come out and they had him half price, it was cool when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendaries they're really cool and I don't regret buying them but tbh pfe wasn't worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is where he should've gone. Kog' Maw's been out for 2 years now same with anivia and corki. Kog'maw should've been 3150 ip alongside corki. Anivia is a high skill champ then put her down to 4800 ip so super newbie's don't just get her and get destroyed. I mean reducing the rp costs by less than a dollar on champions that have been out SINCE BETA! I could see if this was a champ released early this year, but...beta champs? champs we can get the digital pack for 30 bucks as a newbie and get about 45 bucks worth of champs for plus 2 skins? This guy apperently doesn't know his crap if he's experimenting with prices. You go by history, and history has shown that nobody gives a hoodah about the spread of what you get in a champ bundle, kha'zix's bundle is the same price...fine but tbh, that skin is no more different any recent 975 skin, sure it has new models and crap but so does jayce he has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skins are still 975! and people don't generally buy champs with rp unless it's the bundle or if it's on sale...yes preadopters are good they've always sold many a bundle on release I've bought a good many of them, but I don't wanna see the new guys face that gets to play this kha' zix guy on a free week 2 weeks after his bundle is gone and say "wait why does his skin cost more than the one that has the same level of detail on other champions" ppl just won't buy it and you lose people's interest in your product. It's probably why black ops 2's elite is gonna be free, NOBODY CARED TO BUY IT LAST TIME.
1	I partially disagree with you. First of all, yes, this is going to make the game easier. But have you seen the CoD player's review of League of Legends? If you are new to this game, there's so much to learn that clarity seems to be key. And this change definitely adds clarity.   But what does it mean that this game is becoming easier? This is not a Single Player Game like Assassin's Creed. If they added something comparable to Jungle Timers in Assassin's Creed, sure, I would be mad as hell because the game is already easy enough. But LoL is not an Adventure Game you can "beat" that has now become easier to beat. The difficulty level is entirely dependent on the enemy players.  You won't get promoted to Challenger because you have these jungle timers now. Since everyone gets them, nobody will be promoted at all.   I think Riot does a great deal to make this game easier. Because that's what they have to do. It's not the game where the difficulty should be, it's the enemy players. Chess, for example, is a really easy game. It has clear rules that are presented to a player in an organized way, providing him instant access to all the information that there is. And still, if you tell someone that chess is easy, he will probably tell you that he sucks at it.
1	On Nasus and farm champs:   I played 4 games as Nasus today, but I do not claim that what I experienced is in any way proof of one thing or another. I am just stating my thoughts.   I won two games and lost two games. The two where I won I went 9/1 then 13/6. In the two losing games I went 4/5 and 8/11. Four games is not enough to say whether he is good or bad or average because of all the factors in a game. For example, in my 9/1 game the entire team was AD so a basic armor build shut them out.   The main thing I noticed with farm is that its a lot easier to get last hits with Q. I think this is because the champ starts a lot stronger compared to the other modes. If you start with a rank 2 Q and an item like Prospecter's Blade or Sheen, you do most of the minions health in one swing. The waves are smaller but I think they might spawn quicker, or else since the map is so small it feels like there are always minions in lane. Also, pushing creep waves to the tower can help with capture.
1	Fuuny. I tried to point out how consistent was better, if inferior, for our NA mid to be rather than regi's hit or miss cause hit or miss would likely backfire in all stars, and I get torn apart being told I'm an idiot and wrong and don't know and 'obviously havent followed lol esports long' and yadda yaddda. You say practically what I said, only slightly different wording, and don't get blasted :/. Dis community....
0	I have a story for one of the funniest things that I've ever witnessed, but I end up resorting to this infamous explanation pretty frequently. Maybe I suck at telling stories. Let's give it a shot here...   Halloween 2007. It's my sophomore year at a wonderful university in Chicago and my roommate, myself and some of our friends were party hopping. We eventually ended up finding one we liked, with the only downside being that the apartment was tiny and the line for the bathroom was insanely long. Inevitably, the toilet broke and all the male inhabitants of the potty conga evacuated to the alley adjacent to the complex (why they hadn't been pissing outside in the first place, I have no idea). My roommate and I went out to take a leak at the same time that the toilet broke, and were unleashing the dragon on a large garbage can together when we heard a wailing noise coming from the stairs on the back of the complex. What caught our attention was a dude who was dressed up in one of those foam Superman costumes that makes its wearer look all jacked up like the Man of Steel. Unfortunately for this guy, the costume happened to essentially be a onsie, and he was refusing to take it off despite the fact that he was on the verge of rupturing his bladder. All his friends were pleading with him to just take it off and piss, but he kept refusing, saying "NO DAMNIT, I'M FUCKING SUPERMAN!" This went on for about another 30 seconds as my roomie and I were losing our minds with laughter whilst peeing, and eventually Supes just said "FUCK IT" and a large stain started to erupt from the area of his costume that represented the red crotch area spandex. He began to cry after about 10 seconds, which I believe was out of joy, because he kept yelling "GOD THIS FEELS SO GOOD." My roomie and I eventually collected our shit after watching this all go down, and realized that we had peed all over our shoes in the process of laughing and leaking at the same time.   Well... maybe you just had to be there.
0	I missed your point.   Like I said in my profanity-laden auto-mod-baiting reply, "you must have said something really fucked up".   I never said I wanted anything banned, fuck you very much.  I never liked UOP, but I don't think it should have been banned.  I suggested that instead of bitching about it pointlessly you could start your own sub specifically for that meme so people have somewhere to post them.  Then people who want to see it can subscribe to your sub  and  Advice Animals and see what they want to see.  Hell,  I'd  subscribe, because even though I thought 90% of them were stupid, they were occasionally funny.  If I wasn't willing to wade through stupid to find funny, I wouldn't be on Reddit.
1	People are really cranky when it comes to dodging for an obvious troll or a champ that just won't work and I don't know why. At my Elo(low plat high gold MMR) there are A LOT of these. And I'm talking about maybe one every 5 games or so.   A lot of people carry the mindset of "a miracle" when it comes to trolls instead of being flat out realistic. "umm maybe this IS the one game teemo support will work despite him having already lost the past 10 games" but chances are the game you are in is just another victim of whatever troll/nonmeta champ someone chose to play.   Maybe it's that most people don't know you only lose 3lp for first dodge. Or that they only see the reward of a miracle happening and let that blind themselves. This might not apply to bronze or silver since that's where a lot of miracles happen, but for anywhere gold or above, people start to know how the game works and it becomes really hard for them to lose to something like a vayne shaco bot lane.
1	I dont think its a big deal. It can actually be graet for you. Imagine your teammate levels up faster than his/her lane opponent and has now the advantage of 1 more spell available.  On mages this means more CC and burst. So you get the gank support advantage for a creep of exp you wouldt even had if you start at the buffcamp at 1:55. Maybe you wouldnt even gank that early because you have to kill wolves first.
0	My cousin works at a cafe and her new manager started dealing out of the back.  He also started making completely inappropriate advances toward the female employees.  Everybody was terrified of being fired but finally said something.   You know what the upper management did?  They sat him down and went over every single complaint they'd received with him, including the NAME OF THE EMPLOYEE THAT MADE THAT COMPLAINT.  Then they said they'd make a decision within two days and during that time he'd continue to manage, KNOWING EVERYTHING THAT EVERY EMPLOYEE HAD SAID ABOUT HIM.   It was completely horrible, and my cousin was lucky to have those two days off so she didn't have to be present for it.  Luckily he did end up getting fired.
1	Over a large number of games no, sure, I'm playing a smurf at the moment, and I was stuck at 1400-1500 elo for a good 20 games, most of these games I literally reached legendary in killing spree, ganking other lanes when I could without losing to much but both other lanes, despite my efforts went 0/8+/0 in every other game. Now that is no problem, because I'm at 1707 atm and rising (14 winstreak, which is not surprising considering I am a smurf.) But the amount of nonsense you have to deal with is heart breaking, to be honest, and if you do not believe in yourself enough it will drag your own performance down also, a losing streak where you have done well but the team still lost will make you care less, will make you take bigger risks in order to try to force the victory. Which is something people do not factor in when they claim elo hell doesn't exist.   But the thing is, right now I have a lot of time on my hands and I can just keep playing til I reach my elo, however people can be busy irl and not have time to sit down for 5+ games every day and they will be stuck in elo for ages, if you belong at 1600 elo you will have a very very difficult time carrying people in 1400 because it's a roll of the dice, if you are good enough you can exploit winning your lane into snowballing into other lanes (easiest as mid.) But if both mid and top go 0/8/0 and you aren't good enough to have stopped that in the making (asuming that it's even possible, sometimes people just keep dying because they keep fighting while at a disadvantage, Ex. level 6 wukong rushing in and ulting a level 11 nidalee while he is 0/6/0 and she is 6/3/2 in the middle of his lane, with her lane pushing with a massive amount of creeps (an example from one of my games during hte 1400-1500 period)
1	You know, you could argue that team siren only propagates the rampant sexism in the video game community; and that a "pro" team isn't special just because they are girls-and I agree with those arguments.   But this amount of hate for team siren and the sexist comments towards girls and girl gamers in general only solidifies the stigma that the gaming community is very male dominated and sexist towards women.   If anything, the men who are criticizing team siren deserve just as much hate if not more.
1	I'm okay with the maps we have. 4 maps with over 100 champions on each is enough variety.   And I can understand that riot won't add new maps and focuses on competitive events for the other map. For me the competition is worth much more than 10 Maps to choose from.   If I recall other games I played I always just used around 3 maps I liked.     Warcraft TFT: Lost Temple, Turtle Rock and Gnoll Wood.   SSBM; Final Destination, Battlefield and maybe Temple of Hyrule.
0	So naturally I was mid way through composing this masterpiece of a story when my boyfriend woke up and then accidentally hit my power button causing everything to vanish. Fuck me right? Anyway here we go again:   The back story:   So my freshman year of high school I dated this guy because we both liked the band Porcupine Tree. We realized quickly that Porcupine Tree was not enough to base an entire relationship off of and decided to just be friends instead rather quickly. Being that we were still teenagers though we decided that boning would be a good idea and we did that and then I lost all interest.   Years pass and I become a senior in high school. At this point my friend has been dating this girl for a little bit and I have just begun a relationship with someone else that is going pretty well. I don't think much of this girl, she maybe wore a little too much foundation but whatever man. Over the years my friend has been acting more and more like a raging asshole with behaviors including but not limited to, flirting with every hot girl he comes into contact with no matter who he's dating, and being weird about his ex girlfriends dating other people.   This is where the problem starts because he decides one day that it would be a fantastic fucking idea to send me a nude picture with some not-so-subtle flirting. I told his girlfriend immediately over facebook. I was furious that he would do something like that. So we go back and forth a little and I apologize for what happened and then we don't talk after that and I don't hear from my friend because he is so mad at me for ratting him out.   Where things start getting weird:   Months and months pass and I haven't heard from my friend. This is fine with me but then I start hearing strange things about this girl from mutual friends. She keeps picking fights with my friend Jack and his wife over weird shit like Jacks wife warning her that she shouldn't charge people for hair cuts because that is illegal in our state without a license and things like that.   This is also when I get the message from my friend. I log into facebook one day and have the message from him that I mentioned in my above post. We talked back and forth a little but I didn't really have anything nice to say to him so it ended pretty quickly.   Where shit hits the fan:   A few more months pass and I get a message from Jack who is absolutely furious. The girlfriend had logged into our friends facebook and unfriended Jack and his wife from his account. When Jack talked to our friend about it he was really weird and uncaring about the whole thing and Jack sent the girl a message telling her how upset he was that she would do that when he had been friends with Jack for so long.   This girl then responds with the most long winded expression of crazy I have seen in my entire life including such great quotes as, "Pretty much ALL the REAL ADULTS I know don't have friends anymore, they just have co-workers" " You're like a snobby child whining about a toy that was taken from them when they have MILLIONS of other toys and toys are NOT something to cause a drama scene over. So YOU grow up. Imbecile." "Guess what? I'm doing great! WOAH, CRAZY! I have [friend], and I love that man like no other. I would do ANYTHING for him, protect him and love him by any means neccessary."   It has been about three years since the incident. Jack and our friend are still buddies because I guess the friend ignored the GFs attempt to separate them. Last I heard the friend and the girl were still together but it's been a long time since Jack and I have talked about them so I have no idea! Even though I'm not actually friends with the dude anymore I still feel really bad for him. I just wonder if the girl was always like that or if she snapped when he got flirty with another woman one to many times.
0	Shaming doesn't work in either case. "If you're fat, you're gonna die early" is as bad as "If you're fat, you're gonna stay lonely".   What works to make people lose weight is individual. Everybody has their own motivation to start. If you told me I should stop doing X because it's bad for my body I'd laugh in your face and tell you I'd rather have a short happy life than a long unhappy one. But then, I know what motivates me, so I'm fit anyway...
1	I mean these threads are all the same. People who dont have the skins that werent playing when they came out want them, and the people that do have the skins dont want other people to have them because they were there when it released or available.  Been here since about 6 months out of the beta i have 122 skins  close to every holiday but last christmas skins. Now it sucks i dont have them but owell i know more will come this year and im looking forward to it. I will get my victorious skin this year and im happy to finally made it im gold I ( hopefully plat) so thats amazing that riot can give something to people that bust their asses. Im not saying people that cant make it to gold+ dont but because you cant make it everyone else is suppose to suffer? Same with all the other skins, because you werent there when they were released, and everyone else supported since the beginning and now its all boo hoo i want the skin.
1	I've been trying to climb my way back to mid silver where I was last season(I know soooo good) and am currently in b1. Today I got into a match and our jungle goes "why don't top and bot lane swap?" To which I(playin do it adc) responded "pls no". The team responded with(not even joking, these are real quotes) "who says the adc always needs to be bot" and "lcs big plays leggo". And my support(maokai) ran top and cho went bottom.   I explained that I wasn't worried about myself, but rather the cho in the 1v2 vs a blitz/graves. But "yolo dude".   Plot twist: it went fine. Cho didn't feed early, and we dominated top, getting early kills and tower and rotated well. The hardest part was Mao liked to run to the front lines alone with no vision and ignored my pings. He died something like 17 times that game. We ended up catching their mvp out at 40 something minutes and won because of it. I ended 14/5
0	Exactly. I grew up around an Air Force base and a fair amount of dudes I ended up knowing rode Bikes. The worst accidents I heard of involved alcohol, either the Bikers being drunk or other drivers being intoxicated (the latter often being the case). Fatalities are common, but are often a result of improper protection.   I actually know a guy who got T-boned by a dick who blew a stop sign in a residential neighborhood while riding home for Thanksgiving. He was tossed off his Bike and slid straight into the curb, and despite fracturing a Cervical vertebrae he came away relatively unscathed. Luckily, he was wearing the proper protection i.e a fitting helmet. If he was riding without one the force of being flown from his bike at 30 mph would result in him getting his brains splattered against the curb.
1	actually, read the "big ranting reddit post" about MLG. You'll see the evidences there. This was the
1	oh this is easy. when you get that foreign guy (im not racist) who is not doing well and hasn't said a word all game. but then that fateful moment when you question him running to their team alone..and he responds with...   "stfu noob"   FUCK YOU FOREIGN GUY. it's only when the foreign guy says it to. anyone else could call me a noob and I won't mind..but when that foreign guy says it, it just gets to me for no reason.
1	You know what Bischu? You just HAAAD to shit over all the feels I've had regarding everyone else with this. Fk u Bee Shoe.  But on a serious note, this literally just tops everything else that happened this week. My favorite player just retired. When I started playing this game about eight months ago, I wanted to only play Annie for my...science...loli..purpose. I learned she was a mid laner (lol season 3 haha outd8d). Not knowing what the fuck the difference between the lanes were, I looked it up and found this video by some Korean pop star.  Something about this guy just made me like him. Maybe it was the fact that he was hella..attractive (no homorino tho)? I don't know, I just followed this guy and found out everything about his play after watching his tutorial. From there, not only did you - Bischu - ignite my passion for playing mid, I also learned about the competitive LoL scene. I loved the LCS and finally had hype for something sports related besides the Olympics. I just loved watching all these teams play, yet there was nothing more that I wanted for the LCS than seeing Bischu's team get in. I also started watching Bischu stream whenever it was on.  I saw them fight hard vs. CST 2-3 last promo tourney, I saw them climb the Coke League second only to LMQ, and I saw them again fight hard vs. EG 1-3. Regardless of the results, Bischu remains my favorite player and seeing how he acted during the EG games also gave me hope for at least a third try. I'm still shocked that he retired, but not entirely surprised. I wish you the best of luck for everything you do in the future though Bischu. You will remain my favorite player and the player that truly introduced me to a whole new side of League that I have fallen in love with. Thank you Bischu <3
0	I had more of a Bad Luck Brian experience. In junior high a very nerdy girl was obsessed with me. Big glasses, braces, terrible acne, bone skinny, super smart. Being your typical junior high school douche I brushed her off and made fun of her. In high school she got contacts, lost her acne, became super fit (a state dancing champion), all while remaining the best performing student in the school. I started hanging with the drama club and band. She no longer gave me the time of day (rightfully).   Today she's a scientist with her doctorate and was a cheerleader for an NFL team. She also co-owns a professional dance company that my two year high school/college girlfriend dances for. I'm a forever alone college dropout who lives in his parent's basement.
0	It remembers me my only encounter with a wasp. I was in the south of France and a wasp entered the small apartment we were renting there. The only weapon a could find was a 1.5 liter bottle, so I try to smack the wasp with it.   I finally smack it in the face. I push the corpse outside for the rain to eventually pick it up and send it away.   15 minutes later, an other wasp enter, and the same thing goes again, I flail my bottle in the air and smack the wasp, but send it in the coffee pot where there was about 1 inch of water. I close the lid and fill the pot for it to drown.   I go looking for the first wasp but it's not there anymore, I had just knocked it...
0	In many states, it's actually legal to pay a server less than minimum wage (which, by itself, is still not a living wage anywhere in America) if they're earning tips.  This means that, in a place where the living wage could be as much as 9 or 10 dollars an hour, a server could be making 2 or 3.  If they don't earn tips, they don't make rent.  As far as I know, this is the only non-commission job where this is legal.   And waiting tables is a hard job.  Obviously you've never done it, or you might understand that.  People at restaurants can be huge assholes, and because a server's wage depends on them being nice, they have to put up with it.  The worst part is that people know that, and will make your life miserable just because they know they can.   Suggesting that people get a new job is also just about the stupidest thing you could even say in this conversation.  Are you saying that if "entitlement-minded assholes" all quit their jobs as servers they'd magically be able to get a job that pays better and wouldn't make them depend upon the kindness of others to pay their bills?  Have you been unemployed recently?  There are a ton of people unemployed right now who have a ton of skills, so for someone whose only skill is customer service, it's a very tough job market.
1	You are not at all wrong to complain about people being jerks. I'm pretty sure that's one of the reasons /r/leageoflegends is here. It helps to vent your anger without becoming an annoying jerk in game.   But as to your point, weather or not your lolking is bad, the person who instalocks revive nasus and goes afk is the bad player, no matter how many games you have lost, or how badly you suck at league, if you are playing the game to the best of your abilities you are better then some guy with a toxic attitude. It is not really a "reportable" offence to lolking someone and say, hey dude, why have you lost so many games as X champion. are you sure you can do X role. I need to make that clear. It is however, a reportable offence to be a rude person with a toxic attitude who instalocks and afk's. saying your "lolking" stats are terrible so i shouldnt' even bother trying is absurd, because then the person who's not trying is the terrible player.   I hope this clears up any conflicts in feeling you had/are having, but the most important thing to remember is that the second you fight then back by instalocking/afking you lose your leverage over them. And should the shoe fall on the other foot, remember that lolking isn't everything, wait and see how they play first
0	Now this is the American dilemma: Even though we don't  need  the large magazines, should we still  have them .   Now some people would be like "No!" Because they can be dangerous, and allow for more killing. But then in that same token Americans shouldn't have giant sodas or meals. Because we don't  need  large meals, but we  still have them .
1	but its compensated by high burst at level 6, ive never had a bad game as bot nid (i've lost but its never a bad lost, its always been a good game) like at level 6 if i can land a long range spear on the adc (maybe two) i can just go in, pounce/swipe/q burst is huge on an adc even at levels 9-12 (end of lane phase) leaving them within 1-3 AAs, and a cait nid lane is very hard to lane against and gank against. Late game to build what i call an item support champ, things like crucible, aura items, twin shadows And you spend your time warding and trapping while throwing poke and heal/as buff at adc. Those traps also lower mr/armor by 40% at level 5 for 12 seconds and can hit multiple targets, this is nothing to scoff at, so placing it in front of a retreating or advancing enemy team can finish off a team or turn the fight respectively. She seems to do plenty to me, especially with almost every lane having cc these days, her lack of cc can be compensated by mid/top/jungle.
1	It isn't exactly wholly objective either - it works under a decent number of assumptions, and the way he presents the data is somewhat misleading at times.   For example, when he is calculating the graph for the hybrid damage he assumes a perfect split between damage types (which will almost never happen and thus skew the graph), he assumes that your AR and MR will always be identical (basically never true), and his definition of effective HP isn't really robust enough to adequately describe the case where you have hybrid damage that isn't perfectly split and resistances that aren't evenly split either. He also doesn't account for penetration whatsoever - he mentions it and that it then makes it useful to overshoot resistances but provides zero information on by how much and how drastically this affects the sweet spot.   It certainly gives a lot of useful information, but I think it's pretty disingenuous for him to present it in the manner that he does in the
0	I stand by my post.  The government at that time systematically unmanned Native men and stole language from the children.  Conspiracy may be a little tin-foil hatty, but there was definite intent behind the government's actions to subdue the Native population by any means necessary.   Many of the cultural problems on the rez today are a direct result of many of those  policies of malicious intent.   I do not subscribe to the whole white guilt theory either. I'm not asking anyone to give back land or apologize.  But to forget our history is tantamount to ignoring the struggles of our ancestors and to ignore their sacrifice is to dishonor them.  So, no, I won't get over it.   My anger is very much justified and it is not directed only at you.  It is also directed at my own brothers and sisters for not taking advantage of opportunities available to them.  I am the only one who broke the cycle of poverty and went on to get an education.  I am also the only one who does not live below the poverty line.  So yeah, I'm pissed that the past government put such a hurtin' on an entire nation of people that hundreds of years later it still echoes in the children.   The rampant substance abuse was not created by a boogy man but by a culture of anger and helplessness that was intentionally fashioned by the old US government.  That cycle is incredibly hard to break when you're indoctrinated into it from birth.   The ability to properly process alcohol is the genetic predisposition.  The need to escape from reality and drown feelings of helplessness and frustration are part of the created culture.  I do agree that this cycle needs to be broken.  Like I said in my previous post, many of my friend's children are graduating high school and planning on going on to college.  I do my best to push my nieces and nephews to complete their schooling.  I am not above bribery for this.  I love them and want a better life for them.  I hope they never have to stand in line for government cheese.  That just sucks.   I will apologize for coming across as rude.  But my anger is far from uniformed and is much justified.  I never said it was a continued conspiracy, I said it was a cultural problem created by the past government.   And, JFTR, I am not Native by blood.  I was adopted into the culture and raised on the Rez, but blood or no blood, they are my family and you come across as marginalizing the people I love.
0	I went to UConn, lived in Alumni, and had a lab in the Agriculture building.  I think it was a phych lab that met there because it was the easiest available room, but the building was on the other side of Horsebarn Hill (If you're not familiar with the campus just picture literally walking across a farm field) after I already walked from Alumni (again for the unfamiliar... about 3/4 mile).  There was no note and in fact no one there because the building was closed on Fridays.  I ran into a few people coming and going that were as confused as I was.  So the next regular class we meet the TA and he goes "Oh, I had them move that closer to campus, I'm not not a fucking farmer... It smells like shit out there" Round trip it was about 2.4 miles and it really does smell like manure Spring to Fall.
0	Okay boys.  I am a stylist and cut a lot of men's hair.  When you come in and just say shorter, that means nothing to us.  Tell us what you like and don't like about your hair.  If you tell us a certain number of guard, make sure it is the right number!!!!  Ask how much it leaves if you aren't sure.  Specify how high or low you want the blending on the side to start if you are using a clipper.   The best advice I have seen on this page so far is bringing in a picture.  Even better, bring in a picture of you with the haircut you want.  This makes it way easier for us to understand what you mean.
1	You should play at least 20 games as a jungler, and then really sit down and think about everything you posted here.   True, there are some really shit jungle players out there, but your attitude is shit and your expectations of what a jungler should be are unrealistic. If you're getting ganked, buy wards. If their jungler is sat there waiting to gank you, you're helping your team by keeping him in your lane and keeping him from farming. Eventually he'll leave and you can resume farming yourself. If there is XP to be had in a lane that you're not in, what's the harm of a jungler last hitting what's there before you're even close enough to benefit from the deaths of a few minions? Or pushing to reset the lane after your opponent dies or goes back? Never complain about your jungler getting a slight XP advantage. It's wasted XP and gold if no one is there to benefit from it.   As has been said by others so far, the amount of farm required by a jungler differs from champ to champ. So if they're playing a champ that needs a lot of farm, their job is to farm as much as they can. Your job is to not die in your lane, and give them the time they need to farm.   Counter jungling is no longer as beneficial as it once was. It's better to just farm your jungle and help gank than to ever go into the other team's jungle. Initially at least. Mid to late game, sure.   In closing, it seems like you think you should be the one that always carries. If you have a shitty early game, your role changes. You're no longer the AP/AD Carry. You're just a guy that tosses out what you can when you can to help your team. If you get a few kills, and you start building yourself up to being the carry again, fine. But before those kills, you're just a glorified support. Sad but true. Don't always blame the jungler for you losing your lane.
1	League of Legends is a "freemium" game. You can pay money to unlock cosmetics, boosts, and to unlock champions.   Skins - They are purely costmetic so they don't affect gameplay  except for you lux I see you bitch   Boosts - Pretty much speeds up your IP/EXP gain so you can hit level 30 or buy the Champions sooner.   Champions - Because you can unlock the newest Jungler or Mid-laner as soon as they are released doesn't mean that you will win.
1	I play Nasus in Bronze and I have no idea what you're talking about.   Nasus stacks top lane for ~20-25 minutes before he can do stuff in team fights (except dying - that he can do without stacks too).   Also, I always play Nasus with 2 vision wards down, one in every top lane bush.  About ego, you are slightly right. The more stacks, the bigger the ego, the bigger the mistakes.
1	You are also hilarious. Sure, the jungel sucked for you, it was a great jungel if you loved mao, naut and the tank champs. And to be fair, this is a totally new game. And some might prefer the old.   I very much loved season 3 the most so far. Why, because it was the most punishing league has been so far. You could actually manage to lose the game by dying twice in lane. This pretty much made league more hardcore, more based on singel preformances in lane, more carry potential. And quite frankly, for me the game has died a little for every rubberband comeback mechanics they have added since season 3. Now it just feels like nothing matters pre 30 mins.
1	Assuming you are at the highest mmr you can get, you will get +40 lp a win. Even though that is a very generous assumption, I'm gonna go with it.  From B3 to G4 would take roughly 47 straight wins, about 45 if you had previous lp in B3, all at maximum lp gain. We'll go on the low side and say games last 30 minutes even, and go with the miracle that you win 47 games in a row. Assuming you eat, sleep, do general hygiene things, and/or work you will have roughly 10 hours of free time. Also assuming you spend that full 10 hours on league you could fit in about 18 games, all wins mind you, discounting dodges/queue times/ breaks.
0	In one of my college classes we were taught that it's actually a trick your brain uses to save memory- it lumps unfamiliar things into a single category. If you don't spend a lot of time around Asian people, your brain categorizes them as one group and you have trouble differentiating between them. If you started to spend time with them and your brain became familiar with them, you would start noticing the differences. As a Mexican who moved to the U.S. Midwest as a teenager and couldn't tell white people apart, I know it's not people being racist.
1	sport spɔːt/Submit noun 1. an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment.   league is teams competing against one another   the finger bashing, co-ordinating in a game and the schedule they follow can be considered physical exertion to some degree   of course skill is involved
1	I think both 2th and n01d34 have some points here. Yes, sometimes players need more practice in game, and you can only get experience from playing. However, there are also games against bots, which can be a good training tool for a weaker player. Granted, they aren't generally as strong as players, but they can give you some practice.   Also, some players need the additional instruction. Having links to builds and instructional videoes can benefit some players. If you are getting reported for being unskilled, this e-mail format could be more of a constructive criticism. For example, if you do terrible with Caitlyn repeatedly, having an e-mail that said, "Hey, we see you are struggling with Caitlyn. Here are some videoes/pages that might be useful... Last Hitting, AD Caitlyn build, Placing Snap Traps with Caitlyn." is far more useful to a player than, "Hey noob, you suck. Uninstall, never play again."   Personally, I used to be really bad at this game. I was fortunate that I had friends I lived with who were able to instruct me in the LoL. When I did get to play with them, there were times I would cost the team a win by going 0/10, but they knew I was trying my best. I was simply new to this style game. That is when they made me play bots, and they watched me play. They gave me tips for builds, how to position myself, etc. Finally, I was able to play in games with them again. I might not have been over .500 in k/d/a every game, but it was better than 0/10 consistently. Now, I am able to hold my own quite well in game.   So, from my experience, bots can be good to help less talented players build some experience, but guides can be equally important. Bots can only take you so far before you have to go back into real games. However, you can practice builds and last hitting in bot games, and when you think you have a decent enough grasp, then you should return to the regular games. With any luck you can get better.
1	Quoting TheOddOne on ww, he can perform well in all roles but there are champions far superior to him in each role. Not the best jungler, not the best tank, or DPS. He was balanced as he was but because some creative people came up with a viable lanewick he's getting nerfed.  One question: do people making decisions about nerfs actually play the game? Or do they react upon QQ threads? Could be also they just don't like specific champs (like Morello "disliking" Irelia see  ) ?   If you want a list of real OP champs I can try and provide one (note that I play these champs): AP Morde, broken atm, see Dyrus comments on him. Rumble, insane ratios, no mana. TF's ult should be reworked, has been OP forever now (permaban /instapick in ranked, care to know why?) Vlad needs a rework, he's not balanced atm, his early actually got buffed. Vayne has the burst of an AP champ but actually deals physical+true damage, and therefore can take on virtually any champ, with excellent chasing, harassing, escape mechanisms, still broken imo. Jarvan is still too good in a variety of roles. And unlike ww he outperforms many specialized champs (tanks like a boss, harasses like a boss, escapes/chases like a boss, etc.)
1	Too long. The real one should be like this. Katarina
0	easily accessible clothing.   Do you have any idea how wrong that sounds?   I agree that you shouldn't leave your phone laying around in a public area, but I can't see what that has to do with women's clothing. Leaving your phone up for grabs is quite something different than choosing what dress to wear. In fact, I'm kind of regretting my analogy in my previous comment.
1	Let me ask you something, how many champions do you play that work in specific teamcombs? It's allready tough for a player if he gets 3 directed bans. Now imagine 5-6 directed Bans, then hes gonna have a hard time, picking something he isn't comfortable on.
0	I must have somehow missed this the first time it was announced. I feel so dumb. I am become slowpoke.
1	If you are a flamer you totally deserve this in any case. A flamer on a team is a bigger disadvantage than one that only can make 5 comments in the game. Although player can often think for themselfes, so you don't always have to command them. And if you want to, you can still ping.
1	Ashe ain't falling out. Requirements to play succesfull AD carry are being thrown to trashcan.   Caithlyn, stun + escape Vayne, Stealth + Stun List goes on   Ashe is one of the only AD carries that if caught, either flashes or dies, it's that simple. In soloque you never know how good your tanks are protecting, never. Even if you assume that janna would protect you from irelia diving you, she prolly wont. In 5v5 format, ashe is still strong when team build around her, where you cannot penetrate the teams defense to get trough to her.   Ashe, true ad carry. Rest are gimmicks, from the era of morello reign. It's simplier for 99% of players to pick someone who majors in easy dmg and easy in-out action. Compared to ashe, she is just left out by the people who don't know her strenghts. Passive is beast earlygame, if you use it on every chance. Volleyharras on certain heroes fucks up with them hard. Base + Ulti to mid @ lvl 6 fucks everything in mid. People only see the Low dmg and Slow on her, when those are the minor things in her gameplay. When used to full extend, she can win games pretty early, her mid game sucks without good team to throw arrows in with, and lategame is ok due to initiate arrow.
0	I am not trying to be a victim, I just thought it was odd that they used a word is not used to refer to a person but instead to something about the person. It is a adjective, not a noun, at least I have never seen it as a noun until now.   A good reporter (and translator, some most people are saying this is a different language) would paraphrase something into a context that makes sense to their readers. In other words, the quote should be have used the word man in brackets because frankly more than anything it looks odd.   The way the word is used in the English language means that we don't go up to people and say "Hey male, what's up?" You would using an adjective as a noun, ex. you see a pretty woman and say, "Hey pretty, would you like to go out with me?"
1	i actually played lee sin/jax to get to plat.
1	Thank you! Top is such a Rock Paper Scissors game, because by it's very nature it's mostly a 1v1 until 20 minutes or so. I personally think Talon is an incredibly strong solo top, but against someone like Udyr or Irelia, he's shut down. Singed and Udyr are also great, but put someone with any ranged harass against them and you're boned. Honestly you can counter Udyr with Ashe solo top.
1	I main mid and this is my opinion on the lane.   Trading   Mid is all about trading and knowing how much damage you can do and how much your enemy is going to be putting on you. This means that you have to know the matchups for your champion and you have to know your relative strength at most levels. These things come from practice but to me are the most important aspects of the lane.   Avoiding Ganks   Mid is a hard lane for most junglers to gank however it is a convenient one for them to appear at. Before you engage or trade with the enemy, you should always try be aware of where the enemy jungler is. If you haven't seen him in a while, then it's never a good idea to go balls deep on your opponent because dying mid can easily lose you the lane and snowball it out of your favour.   Map Awareness and Roaming   Other than the jungler, the mid laner has the most access to the entire map and has the ability to counter gank and gank. The basic idea is to shove your lane and roam to a lane that you think you can kill or needs some help. I personally do not roam unless I am ~90% sure that I can secure a kill as there is a good chance that you will lose at least one wave of creeps on your lane. Mid must also be warded all of the time because it allows you to stop the enemy mid laner from roaming and also keeps you safe from ganks. Ward one side of mid, and stay on that side.   Counter Picking   Counter picking means nothing until you reach higher elo play. Until perhaps 1600 you can just play your best champion and simply outplay the enemy mid laner. I main Gragas and 75% of games that I play, I have to lane against an Ahri. Do Ahri's mechanics counter Gragas'? Of course they do. But can I outlane someone by just being better with my champ? Of course, until a certain point.   Build Diversity   You always have to change your build in mid lane according to who you are laning against and how the lane is going for you so far. Getting stomped? Buy some health/magic resist. Destroying your lane? Keep purchasing strong items to increase your lead. Have double AP on your team? Consider Abyssal for the magic pen. I personally start sorc boots + double dorans on almost every single mid laner but these items suit my playstyle well.   *Note on Rod of Ages: I remember when I was at a lower elo that a lot of people bought this item. This is a BAD item on a lot of mid laners and defeats the purpose of a lot of champions. Majority of mid laners are designed to bring big damage and burst to teamfights, having to purchase a catalyst removes a lot of your early potential as you have no damage and this item will not even be fully charged until probably close to 20+ minutes.     Current flavour of the month mid laners:   -Katarina   -Orianna   -Ahri
1	On the topic of smurf games - both a friend and I are around 1400. We often duo-queue on smurfs because we want to practice last hitting under extreme pressure (nothing like constant harass/pushing!) or try new champions, etc. We'll regularly go 13/0 or so in these games, but unfortunately - "the amount of positive impact you make on the game doesn't translate well enough to a higher win ratio."   For every "troll" or bad player that's on the other team, there will be one on yours - and all it takes is one or two bad players to destroy any chance of winning a game. What makes more of a difference is how bad each person's worst player(s) are, and how much the team is able to come together and help them. You can look at it like this - if someone on the enemy team is 800 and the rest 950-1000, then you might have 2 people on your team who are 900 to even out the odds. Which, by sheer fact of having one person that "bad" decreases their chances of winning significantly - all it takes is one fed pubstomp champ to ruin a game (Tryndamere anyone?)   Additionally, a fact people often forget - THE GAMES ARE NOT EVEN. You are NEVER going up against a team with a 50/50 shot of winning. There was a Riot post about this -
1	It seemed pretty clear that WE were the summoners in the old lore. We even picked the Summoner's name when we first started playing.   The original premise of the game was that we were the ones controlling champions in gladiatorial pseudo wars, which kept the city-states from using dangerous summoning magic on each other. Valoran's nations had nearly destroyed the world with magic, and the current city-states needed a way to arbitrate large disputes without unleashing devastating magic on each other.   We picked which champions would be used in these contests, and the popularity of war heroes from these nations was used to entertain Valoran's masses, which were able to remotely watch the games from their hometowns and cities.   As we won games and earned 'influence' points, we gained access to runes, masteries, and better champions whose services came at steeper prices. Once you hit level thirty, you could participate in the ranked summoner games that determined who were the best summoners.   Did you know that Riot even did an event that determined the course of their lore, the Noxus vs Ionia match, that used popular players as summoners for the involved city states. They were limited to champions from their teams nation, plus a few from friendly cities, and the match determined whether Noxus would continue to occupy a portion of the Ionian Isles. Players, summoners, were directly involved in shaping the backstory of the game, which was really cool to see happen.   Riot was really into the immersiveness of the League in the beginning, but as they've pivoted towards e-sports, their lore development really faltered. They never did another city vs city match, and they stopped the Journals of Justice and the League Judgements, which were an important insight into why the champions joined the League. They have recently tried to explain the motivations behind champions again with the Freljord, Shurima, and Shadow Isles events, but that original immersion is gone.
0	So as a Brit, maybe you could understand this...   A few of your people (along with some other people) came here to the Americas, and brought some black people with them as slaves. For the next couple hundred years, we enslaved the black people. They were considered property.  They were not considered to be human.  After the civil war, black people were "free", but not really. Even in the anti-slavery north, black people were considered human, but not equal. And I don't need to mention the south. During this time, the north wasn't so blatant about segregation as the south, but it was there. Black people were basically shunned from integrating into white, or even American culture.   Culturally, there were two Americas. White and black.   It wasn't until the 1950's and 1960's, over 300 years since the first African slaves landed here, that white people started to integrate black people into their culture. Rock and Roll became huge, with white singers like Elvis Presley covering black people music and driving teenage girls wild. By the 1970's black people were all over our culture. From movies, to music, to everything else we consider American culture, but still not really integrated. Interracial marriage and children were still taboo, and even though white people were okay with black people, they still didn't want them moving into their neighborhoods.   The majority of Reddit is white, just like the majority of the United States. (And no, grouping all non-whites into a "minority" category doesn't count, since "minorities" are no where near the same). It's hard for white people to see the white privilege they're given. White people were not enslaved for 250 years, forcefully segregated for another 100+ years, then released to the culture and forced to assimilate within a couple of generations. Cultural imprinting lasts for generations. Parents teaching their kids, who then teach their kids, and so on. You can't expect to dominate a whole race of people for hundreds of years, then laugh at them when they can't catch up after you set them free. They're dealing with centuries of anger, despair, and a devalued sense of self that has permeated every aspect of their culture.   There is a black entertainment channel because someone wanted to show young black people that yes, you are a part of the American culture just as much as any white person. You can achieve what you want to achieve. And you are worth something. The channel may have been maligned over the years, but the idea still stands. It may take another century, and the election of the first half-black president, but black people will one day feel like they have an equal stake in this country to white people, and the need for black-centric channels, awards, and organizations will no longer be needed.
1	The thing you have to remember is, HP isn't the only thing good against burst. Think about it like this.   HP helps you against burst, but doesn't increase the value of your ult's healing, and doesn't make you last much longer in the long term.   Magic res/armor ALSO help you against burst (Though not against true damage), and increase the value of your ult's healing.   RoA makes you tanky, it just doesn't make you as tanky as a zhonya's or abyssal scepter.   And no, he  can  be with his dots. You're missing the point. Even if the damage doesn't go off instantly, you hit QWE and you've done the damage to him. You can back off, he's going to take most of that damage. You can kill people in one combo. Just because the damage model of his abilities doesn't turn up in half a second, doesn't mean he isn't effectively putting that damage on them in half a second! He is very much a burst mage!   His ult is great, but you can't just build around that, and if you  are  building around that,  HP is even worse! As noted, with all the healing from your ult, armor/MR will do WAY more to keep you alive than HP will. If anything, your argument about "surviving burst" favours a burst mage far more than a sustained AP bruiser; you don't need to survive burst as sustained bruiser, you need to be able to last a while in a fight.   I would say rylai's, while decent, is just not as good as all the other options. You already have a slow on your Q, your W is an immobilise, and you're not using your E on people that aren't going to get hit by those as well. It can be nice with your ult, sure, but is it worth getting rylai's just for the ult? Especially when it gives HP, which, as discussed, is a poor defensive stat when you have shittons of healing?   Honestly, give what I'm suggesting a shot. Because 20-30 mins into game, ignite/burst isn't going to kill you any harder with a zhonya's or abyssal than it would with a roa.   I can tell you that you very much can rush zhonya's on swain - You said yousrelf your E does "enough damage", it sure as hell doesn't do any less with a zhonya's than it does with a roa. Vulnerable? Not really. You're still going to be able to heal up with your ult. Or you could rush abyssal, at mid, and be  far  tankier against your enemy than with roa.   Honestly, with tear or chalice, you can pretty much sit with your ult up most of a teamfight and not go oom. So why get roa for mana? You're paying for a stat you don't need (mana), a stat you already have plenty of (health sustain), a stat that is inferior to others (HP).
0	When I was 8ish I was playing with my brother's game boy on the playground during his soccer game. Being 8, it went missing, I got in trouble and spent about an hour later that night combing that playground with my mom. I felt absolutely horrible, I was crying, and we never found it. I gave my game boy to my brother because I felt so awful.   Probably 10 years later I'm at a friend's house looking for a wii controller or something and what do I see? That damn game boy sitting in the drawer. I'd forgotten that I let him play with it and it turns out he took it home with him. I even remembered asking him about it when we were kids and he acted like he hadn't seen it.
1	who cares man? I have had like 3 or 4 different reddit accounts over the past few years, and post in a lot of the major subs, and on each account my highest rated comment is always some stupid snarky comment that took no thought, or a post about how I got a BJ from some girl I used to date. I got over 2k comment karma from a story on this account about my room mate banging a 16 year old and how she tried to blackmail him.   the reason your well thought out comments don't get a lot of karma is because nobody cared about it, or it was buried too far, or it was
1	I believe TSM’s performance after the spring split points to a growing problem within the team.   Changes need to be made, and I don’t know if Regi is ready to make them.  I no longer think Regi can be a mid-laner while also doing all the “behind the scenes stuff” he’s currently doing.  The level of competition in LOL has increased so dramatically that I don’t think Regi (or anyone for that matter) is capable of being a top-level player and manager/analyzer/strategist.  Other professional athletes focus on being BETTER PLAYERS.  They (for the most part) don’t scout opponents; draw up plays, strategies, or MANAGE OTHER PLAYERS!   If Regi continues to play in the mid-lane, TSM needs a coach/game analyzer.  The team needs someone that can challenge Regi when he’s wrong and just someone that isn’t a part of the “team” that can analyze their games.    His teammates aren’t listening to his calls because they either don’t trust him as a player or respect him as a leader.  Arguments like those in the van don’t garner any respect, and playing like he did on Zilean doesn’t instill any trust in his capabilities as a player.
0	Not really. Things like this happen more often than you'd think.   Someone broke into my dad's truck, stole his laptop, ipod, and camera. Fast forward to a week later, my friend was in class and hears this guy bragging about how he stole this sweet laptop and camera from some truck. My friend tells me. I find out the guys name and where he lives. Arrive at his house, knock on his door, force him to give camera + laptop back.   Fast forward another week, my dad goes to local flea market to buy a new ipod, guy gives him HIS ACTUAL ipod to look at, with all his playlists still on it and everything. My dad takes it back.
1	We've known since Quakeworld that cross country pings is not conductive to online competitive play.  Hate to break this to you, but Chicago is a bad ping for just as many people as it's a good one.  There's no real decent solution other than to do what every other major game that ping matters in ; release the server executable to the public and let them host their own or host your servers in a variety of different cities to cater to the geography of the united states ala Blizzard   EDIT
1	Um, yeah. It is arguing semantics. He's talking about how people use the word "meta" all the time and don't actually know what the word means. What you're talking about  is  metagaming, but there is no such thing as "the" meta. There is the most effective/efficient strategy/team composition as supposed by the people who  do  metagaming, but that is not "the meta". "The Meta" would be a compilation of every piece of knowledge of the game and how things within the game interact with one another that was not made specifically available (for instance, the dynamic between the bombs and Syndra's W would be part of The Meta).   Metagaming is simply doing stuff in the game, not for necessity, but for reasons that you or somebody else has supposed  outside  of the game itself. For instance, right clicking to move is not metagaming. Deciding between Black Cleaver and Last Whipser is metagaming.   Basically, this is why semantics are important, too. Because a bunch of people started using a word incorrectly, the word "meta" will now, probably, be used incorrectly for the life of LoL. When people who actually  know  what "meta" or "metagaming" means hear people discussing the LoL "meta" they will be confused. They will know that it is similar to what they know the word to mean, but it will be somehow different. This is why semantics are important for lucidity in communication. Because many people are semantically incorrect, there will always be a communicative barrier between "us" and "them". Being able to communicate clearly is the very foundation of language.
0	u/whywouldyouever beat me to the punch, but let me echo his thanks. My first time reading that as well and I teared up a little bit. There really, really needs to be more of these stories out there.   I live in the Bay Area of California and whenever I see someone on the road I naturally stop. 99% of the time they don't need anything but I like to stop just in case.   Unrelated I live in a townhouse with a homeowners association. I speak a little spanish but not much. The association pays big bucks (80-90 thousand a year) to a company for our groundskeepers. There's 2 workers and about 158 units that are all townhouses that are responsible for everything. I was speaking to them and they are the nicest guys ever, but the company is paying them minimum wage. If there's rain, or unworkable conditions they don't get paid at all. Just the owners raking in and paying these guys pebbles. I know it's not uncommon but to support a family, live in a run down neighborhood (his apartment is in a seedy neighborhood 3 towns over) breaks my heart a little bit. I give them money out of my pocket, because they do back breaking manual labor and aren't compensated very well and return home exhausted with no appreciation. This was neither here nor there, but it affects me way more than it should when kind hearted people are exploited.
1	I agree.
0	It's less about finding a happiness that keeps you "up" and more about not having to deal with the come downs. Trust me man, if you keep yourself strait and occupied with healthy activities you will find more passion in your life and happiness will come along with it.   It took me a month of seclusion when I first went clean to get my head half strait, after that I started hitting the gym because lifting weights gives you a "natural high" and honest to fuck its a way better feeling than any of the other shit I put myself through for a buzz. If weights aren't your thing try hiking. nature is therapy
1	For some people who may not get why he was banned for what he did (and I am just going to say now that I am not taking either side, I am just pointing what some people may have thought), think about it this way.  LCS players (and other pros/semi-pros) are supposed to be role-models for the average player.  Sure, to the average person, that may not be 100% bannable, and if I didn't know he was edward I wouldn't have hit punish.  But as a role-model, the poor behavior that comes out from him is amplified by quite a bit, just because of his position in the community.  Now me personally, I would have most likely hit pardon, but that is my opinion and everyone's opinion gets flamed so...
0	Do it, you wont regret it. I make a point to get friendly with middle aged college people.  They take their shit seriously, and they are great to work with.  All the people complaining about them are kids going to school on their parent's dime, probably never worked in their life.  They don't appreciate what an opportunity school is, and what a pain in the ass it is to work for everything themselves, especially in an unskilled job.
0	I just want to put in that the stories in this thread don't have to be the case. My mom supported us singlehandedly, which sometimes meant we were living paycheck to paycheck. I was involved in our finances from a young age. As a child, I always knew we didn't have as much money as some other families. As I got closer to my teens, I started getting an idea of how much bills were in relation to her income. I learned how to budget. She taught me how to reconcile a bank account, and how to creatively budget money to pay the right bills at the right time. I learned to bargain shop. I learned to make what I had last as long as possible, whether it was clothing or food. As a result of this, I may be on the frugal side, but I will say that while I watch my friends struggle with late payments and overdrafts, I'm extremely grateful for what my mother was able to teach me with our financial struggles. Try to be like my mom. Give your child some good life skills early on.
1	Honestly thought this was going to be another circlejerk thread. Remebered blink dagger from DOTA. Wait a second he might be on to something. If they turned Promote into an item why can't they turn flash into an item (or multiple items). The problem is then people have their inventory reduced to 5 item slots because that item is then a must build.
1	Told my duoQ buddy that I'd never play anything as simplistic as AP Yi again. So, when the time came for me to get Yi on ARAM, it was game on with the authentic Dunkmaster.   We fought around a fair bit and were even in kills when our Rammus decides to go ham and dies alone. After that he goes "wtf ad yi" and ragequits immediately after. I was 0-2 at that point as AD Yi really doesn't mesh well with having no gear.   Even in a 4v5 game we almost won due to good teamwork and I was topping the kill charts with ease; unlike 90% of AP Yis I see on ARAM. So the only reason why we lost the game was Rammus lack of belief in something he prolly had never seen in action before. Haven't gotten Yi ever after, but will sure as hell keep on playing Yi the way he was meant to be played.
1	Please no copypasterino . . . . .
0	still ongoing. dangerous question to ask though, as it apparently brings me in my "wall of text" mood.   at Tuesday I had to work 2 more hours than usual, I made an origami bird, and flower, with a little sheet of paper saying "ok, the flower isn't too pretty but at least it's original right?" and put it on her desk.   next day she met at work 30 minutes later than me, and had to go for a coffee with some of her colleagues, the colleagues went out of the coffe corner before her, and  suddenly  I had to go for a coffe as well, I went there, she was getting some coffe from the machine. While I waited with my cup I said "dobro utro" which is bulgarian for "good morning" and she smiled and said dobro utro back. after the coffee machine had poured her espresso she pressed the button for milk, too poor in the coffee. I raised my eyebrow and said "milk" because there is a button for espresso  and  milk on the machine, she explained that she prefers to mix it up her self as it gives more taste, meanwhile the milk overfilled cup and she kinda panicked while she tried to retrieve back her cup and dry of the side, I laughed silently and she smiled somewhat insecurely but in a cute way. Then she went onwards back to her desk I said "talk to you later" and she repeated it back to me.   when I got to my break I went to ask her if she had someone to go to the break with or if I could accompany her, but she had already had her break so she said something along the lines of "ooohhh I'm sorry I already had my break at 11".   the next day, I notised that she had put my origami on top of her stuff on her desk, I went to break with one of my friends and just before going out said to my friend that I just needed a moment, I went to her desk, knowing that she had already had her break. First I said "oh by the way if you pull the tail of the paper bird the wings will flap" she somewhat lighted up in her eyes and asked "you made these?! they are so niiice, and it's very sweet, how did you do it?" and I responded "well it's just origami" and smiled and then she said " just origami?  it's really really cool", asked her if she had her break already, she said "oh, I'm sorry, I already had my break again. This week I have at 11 every day, but next week I have it at 12 though" and smiled, went on the break, and my friend was giving me a very surprised look and said that he definitely did not know that I had that in me (bear in mind that this is the first time I have actually ever been aggressive like this).   the next day I went to break at 11 with my friend from before, went to her desk, she was watching something a series of some sort on a web based video player. I went to her side so she could see me and waved as she had headphones in her ears, she paused the video and pulled out the headphones, I said "hi" and looked at my watch in a questioning manner, she looked at the watch and said "oh!" I said that I was going on the break with my friend and if she wanted to come with us this time she should definitely feel welcome, she smiled locked her computer, got up and walked with us.   then we talked a lot, and she ended up saying something about that I should see her place at some point. that was yesterday.   .   .   .   how did you make me write this much?   EDIT:
1	I don't think it really matters whether you play normals or ranked to practise. Both modes queue you up based on your matchmaking rating and you would end up playing with people of the same skill level in both modes - people of your skill level. The provisional games are there to ensure that you aren't "ruining" anyone's ranked games afterwards because of mismatched MMR. No one should feel bad about getting placed in Bronze, even if the others who belong in Bronze try to tell you so, as that should just tell you that you've got a lot to learn.   There's no magical number of 100 or 200 or whatever amount of games that will be guaranteed to make you reach X division. Everyone progresses at their own pace and some people might never learn what it takes to get to Diamond, for example. I still see people in mid/high Diamond who have no clue about majority of the matchups because you don't really see over half of the champion pool being played actively. It just goes to show that even if you might still have a lot to learn about the game, you can climb that high on the ladder just because you're generally good at playing vidya.   What's more worrisome in this thread is your idea of "I still sometimes mess up." You most likely constantly mess up. Pretty much every single player makes constant mistakes throughout the game. It's the people who think that they are making no big mistakes who are more likely to rage at their teammates. I used to be like that until I finally understood that I was the one holding myself back instead of my teammates. Now I'm Diamond 2 and only rage at myself.
0	Yes, because after the other roasts, so many people's career has raised or cameback, right? Not to mention that it will re-run for a good month or two whether or not it obtains decent ratings.   To further add, he has a strong fan base and that fan base will give the show the desired ratings. Op nor many people who browse reddit are within that demographic and do not understand how strong his fan base really is.   So it is best just to sit back, relax and watch a douche get made fun of.
0	80 seems excessive to me, since the highest speed limit I've seen is 70. Yeah, people going 80 can fly by me if they want.   And yeah, from America. Police are hit and miss depending on where you are usually. 5 over in a 65 will almost never get you pulled over. I guess if the officer is having an awful day or got chewed out for not writing tickets then you might be in some trouble.   5 over in a 25 is asking for it. Kinda goes back to what I said about the norms of driving. Police, from my personal experience/what I've heard from others, pull people over more often if the law you're breaking also breaks a norm. So 80 in a 65 will definitely do it.
0	The Columbine shootings happened in April when I was in 10th grade. The February before, I got a nice, expensive leather trenchcoat from my mom for Valentine's Day that I loved and wore all the time because it was freaking awesome. So you can imagine what people thought a few months later. My friends and I were not exactly the most popular kids in school, and many of the other kids and even teachers thought if anyone were to shoot up the school, it'd be us. The trenchcoat certainly didn't help, but you know what? I wore that shit with pride. I looked good and I wasn't going to give up what I love because some people got the wrong impression. I was, and am, completely nonviolent and wouldn't hurt a fly, and I embrace my own strangeness regardless. I actually still have the trenchcoat.
1	Progress is gradual, a lvl1 summoner should not be trying to jungle, and he'll be matched against people who can't jungle either, and he'll learn the ropes making mistakes who aren't severely punished because everyone else will suck just as hard as he does,  and eventually he'll have enough experience and knowledge to try to jungle, speeding up the process won't be good for anyone other than smurfs, which are a big problem already.   Even at level 30 having no jungler can work and win you the game and you want to change the game so people who may not have any previous MOBA experience can jungle? No, just no.   If you want people to learn how to last hit not having runes is a benefit as you'll have to be more accurate, but CSing is not and should not be the main focus of newcomers, do you not remember when you just started the game? So many items, so many skills, to many things to learn about the gameplay, it was good enough if you could keep track of your lane opponent.   Warding, map awareness, proper last hitting, wave control, kiting are things you learn towards the end of your progression as a summoner, you can't and shouldn't expect beginners to understand and apply those concepts.
0	I'm not trying to hate on you, but my point is just that whats 'classy' or 'hipster-y' is entirely subjective. Yeah, there are generalities, but it differs so widely from person to person as to be meaningless. I try to dress classy, but I wasn't always this way.   I mean, just take those pics of yours as an example. The only one I would think would qualify as 'classy' is #2 (coincidentally close to how I dress when I want to be presentable). And amusingly enough, at least in my neighborhood/city, #2 is probably closer to how hipsters dress now than anything else. As for the other classy pics, #1 & #3 ar sloppy, way casual & stylistically illiterate. Classy #4 is pretty good though. Sorry, but that's my opinion.   As for the hipster pics, the only one I would consider 'hipster-y' is #1. And that would be a hipster from like 5 years ago. If I saw a 20 something dressed like that I would just think either 'immature' or 'graphic designer'. Or someone fresh out of art school. Hipster #2 isn't too far off how I dress on cold days. Throw a sweater over it, slimmer jeans and better boots and that's me. And I don't see anything wrong with it. Or judging anyone based on it. Hell, I used to dress like hipster #1 when I was getting my design degree and would have never associated that look with death cab for cutie. The fact that someone else might is amusing, but I guess not that surprising.   Again, my point is just everyone's got their own taste and style (or lack thereof) and making assumptions or insults based on it is kind of silly.
1	Supporting is not equivalent to healing. Janna is a powerful support with no heal, as well as many unconventional supports such as Blitzcrank/GP/Ashe, etc. If you think that supports are heal-bots, you have the wrong idea and I'm rather surprised you're 1400 elo.   First, supports are characters that do not need farm to be effective. By letting the AD have all of the farm, they are (goldwise) basically getting a solo lane. Supports build gp5 items like Philosopher's Stone and Heart of Gold, which generate gold so they can keep up with the other players who ARE taking creep score as well as funding their wards.   Second, warding. Having vision over the map is crucial to a succesful game and can easily make or break a game. By having a character whos job it is to ward makes it easy for the damaging characters like the AD and AP to build up their damaging items and not have to spend AS MUCH gold on things like wards.   Third, the support often takes Clairvoyance to mitigate the enemy team's jungler as much as possible, as well as control points from anywhere on the map, such as dragon, baron, and both teams blue and red buffs.  Many times, simply seeing the floating eye will cause teams to abandon their taking of these important neutral monsters.   Fourth, healing. While many supports do have heals to increase their lane partner's sustain, which results in a more farmed carry, there are many supports who do not have heals.  Janna being a classic example. While her ultimate does heal, it is not practical to use it for healing purposes. Janna has a shit ton of cc and makes it much easier for the AD to get a kill. Wether or not Janna has many minion kills, her Q will stil knock the enemy up and her W will still slow them. Her ultimate pushes enemies away if she has a Rabadon's or if she only has an Aegis.   I understand what you're saying about support not being fun; many people agree with you, but as a support main I obviously thing it's very fun. You do't HAVE to play supports, but at least realize what their purpose is before you refuse to even try it.
0	This is really the wrong reason to be voting for people. Honesty is obviously an admirable trait, but for the most part of his stay in office he's made poor decisions and lied through his teeth.   If he had his way, he would seriously damage our city. His policy is poor, short sighted and ill-informed. The fact that he admitted to doing crack after  MONTHS of lying about it  (he only admitted to it because once the video surfaced, he knew he had finally been caught) does not make him a good candidate to be running our city.
0	Capitalism isn't what's made the world progress -- capitalism was a historically inevitable progression from the previous feudalism systems of government, but society is going to progress. Yes most of the world has progressed, but hell Soviet Russia progressed an insane amount and it was run by a planned economy oligarchy. But Capitalism has commited innumerable atrocities around the world, most commonly in 3rd world countries where we exploit them with our hegemony so that capitalism can continue to succeed. Where is the success of Capitalism in Africa and Latin America? Look at a map of human development; capitalism is mostly world wide and yet we find gross inequality and poverty in countries which are authoritative or ex colonies whereas the countries who have been doing great since before capitalism & who had empires. Look at the Anglo-sphere, Latin America, and Scandinavia. Varying levels of capitalism -- in America we have hegemonic capitalism which uses 3rd world labour to thrive, in Scandinavia they have a quasi-socialist-democracy and they thrive, and at the capitalist part of Latin America which is shit out of luck whereas, funny enough, Cuba is going better than most of Central America and definitely almost all of Africa.
0	Well, first of all, the information you have "gleaned from being an uncle" is shit. If your nephew feeds on a schedule he is the only baby on the planet who does.   Courtesy? Courtesy for who? How does it even affect you? Take the order and move right along. If you are that offended by breasts I expect you also never check out attractive women in minimal clothing, or look at porn. And you must not go to the beach either because all the women there are extremely discourteous as well. I hope you go on Facebook and Reddit complaining about these women in bikini tops as well as the ones who take them off to sunbathe. Oh the discourteousness. All these women...they need to be stopped! Oh hang on, you probably don't have a problem with any of those scenarios.   I am sure you're not 'against' breastfeeding, but you seem to think your immaturity is more important than the comfort and needs of a baby. So that definitely makes you a dick.
0	Ok then... She was cleaning the seat. If I have to sit down on public bowl (as a guy), I lather that shit up like I'm at the carwash.   I guess what OP is trying to communicate is that the bitch (contextually accurate) could have assumed OP was just cleaning the seat, but instead assumed she had a penis... because.... oh fuck I don't know. This thread is too much already.   I missed it the first time around because that jump in logic is just too unfathomable for me.
0	i think part of this whole thing stems from there being no clear-cut (or at least agreed-upon) ways to use these memes (as far as i can tell). i also  think that the /r/depressionbear subreddit is useful for redirecting the depressing confession bears so maybe we should do that for other memes, as well. this way people can still post them but it'll be to a more relevant community. this subreddit is supposed to be funny (though it makes me question the advice mallards, but i think thats a subject for another day).
0	I'm black and I agree with this meme. When I was a kid, I always felt really embarrassed when other black kids would act stupid and obnoxious at the local pools and ruin shit for everyone else. Honestly, this was one of the reasons I didn't go to local water parks all that much as a kid; they were always there, every goddamn time.
1	SHRC last year played arguably the best league team ever at the time and this year SSW is also arguably the best team ever. OMG beat NJWS who as good as they looked at korean regionals were the 5th seed in Korea and barely qualified for regionals. Plus they didn't play nearly as well in worlds as they did in Worlds. All be OMG 3-0 against NJWS was impressive i think they get stomped just like SHRC. SSW Bot Lane and Jung would shit on OMG. While OMG solo lanes can potentially go even or win in lane.(looking at go going). SHRC solo lanes will probably get stomped with their jung and botlane going even/ winning. OMG and SHRC both have weaknesses that SSW can exploit greatly. So saying OMG would be a better matchup against SSW because they 3-0 NJWS is reaching a bit. SSW is on a whole mother level, they essentially have a player better at every role besides top compared to NJWS. i agree though korean win worlds again :).
0	I mostly support this and the comment above, but to add: law and order politicians, ie -those who increase the time behind bars for offenders or lessen funding for public defense programs decrease confidence in our legal system and thus make for no trust in the police force. To a young man, perhaps with barely a high school education gets wrongly arrested but is forced to sign a plea deal to make sure he's not charged with a felony, I can't blame him/her for announcing "fuck the police", and unfortunately the reverberates up and down society and gets blamed on the arresting officer. Another note worth a mention, especially here in the south there is little love for the police in the black community, because even as of twenty years ago there were still egregious violations of the law by police that most in power turned a blind eye to (well, still happening in NYC).
1	Irelia is one of the few toplaners who can match up with him and can put up a level fight in the right hands. But I wouldn't say she  counters  him and has a distinct advantage.   He can still just knock her back when she Bladesurges onto him (which is exactly why Jayce stomps Jax so hard), which nullifies the usefulness of Hiten Style, because, well, she can't stay on top of him to hit him once he does knock her back after she Bladesurges.   One tactic that anyone wanting to try to counter Jayce with Irelia should be aware of is (if they're new to Irelia and this isn't already obvious to them) to Bladesurge onto a minion right next to Jayce to last-hit it, and use that as if you Bladesurged onto him and immediately attack him. Save the Hiten Style for a second though, because he will knock you back. Then, immediately Bladesurge back onto him (because it refreshed last-hitting the minion), THEN pop Hiten Style and go for it while his knockback is on cooldown. The only thing that keeps this from being amazing is that, if he's not an idiot, the first attack should have him retreating towards his turret as soon as he knocks you back, because he should be aware that you still have Bladesurge at your disposal, and you won't have much time to get a lot of damage in before you're in turret range.   Basically , (yes I know the finer points are all different, but focusing on the main kit elements), the only differences kit vs kit between her and Jax against Jayce is the possibility for that tactic to use up his knockback and then re-Bladesurge on him, and her ult being a ranged poke to throw back at him and having lane sustain with her innate lifesteal to make up for his poke at her. Which is enough to level her against him, (certainly puts her in a better position than most other tops against him) but certainly not enough put her at a distinct advantage over him.   Yorick is the only true toplane who can just constantly throw shit at Jayce and out-harass him all day while also being able to punish him any time he wants to jump in on him.
1	I first played Malzahar and that was some time after he had been released apparently. I ended up building mejay's soulstealer and I started calling him a pancake man cause you could trap people on top of the void (w). I really liked the champ back then. It was nice to get started with him.
0	How The States Got Their Shapes?
1	Exactly. It has even helped my game tbh. Sometimes i did the /all [insert QQ here] out of pure "moment angryness" and allmost every time it had a very negative impact on my team (duhh!). So, since i am not able to do that cause the all chat is turned off i have actually been having a more positive impact on my team. Note: you can do really well on a match and still have a negative impact on your team.
1	While I am not Ryan, I thought I share my perspective of this issue. Me and many other way more hardworking GP10 writers love the fact we are able to post without restraint. However, it appears that as the site has grown in popularity some restraints need to be put in place.   I believe in Ryan's philsophy that its a "open to all" posting site. That does not however tolerate personal attacks. When you post something harming such as this it doesn't just hurt Brayll but all the other writers on GP10. If you wanted to be funny, make it a thread but GP10 is not intended to be some sort of joke. Many writers put in a lot of time for their works and it shouldn't be lumped in the average "meme"   In the future, I hope Ryan and some others from GP10 can prevent this. I've always been appericate of Ryan and what he's done for upcoming writers. Whoever wrote this should be ashamed, you are not just hurting 1 person but an entire community of hardworking people.
0	The South had felt like they were getting shafted by the North for several decades prior to them actually seceding. The Missouri Compromise in 1820 and the Fugitive Slave Act and Kansas/Nebraska Act (both early 1850s) were all technically "compromises," but they left the abolitionists feeling like they had cowtoed to slavery and the South feeling like their entire way of life (because slavery was involved in every facet of life in the South) was being constantly undermined by the North.   In the end, the election of Lincoln was what pushed the South into actual secession. Although Lincoln had said during the campaign that he would not attempt to abolish slavery, the South didn't trust him because he was a Republican and at that time the Republican party was almost entirely a northern party.
0	I heard her as I was already on the 'walking away' bit, because I was walking down a corridor and she was sitting on one side and her friend on the other. And I was about 3 steps past them and stuff.   I was just taking my earbuds out. I was considering leaving them in, because normally people talking about me freaks me out >_< so I almost completely blanked them by mistake.
1	The pre/post game chat is not tied into the game in the way that you think it is.  It requires alot more resources to add this feature than you think.   Riot has stated multiple times that they are working on it, but it presents a large workload for their staff (because the pre-game and in-game chat are handled SEPARATELY and have to be put together in some fashion) and it's going to take time.
0	One of my closest best friends for the past 8 years is a 22 year old girl. We had sex in the first year we knew eachother 1 time. The fireworks didn't go off and we stopped it at that. We have remained the greatest of friends since, she knows my family and I know hers and we hang out almost every weekend. I even crash on her and her boyfriends couch after bar nights. Her boyfriend is a great guy and me and him have become super great friends, I love the guy. To answer your question, I don't know. Just from what you have said, I can't answer. All I can say is that the only reason her and I's friendship works is because she has amazing morals and character, she would never dream of cheating and her boyfriend knows that. In his eye's I am not a threat.   How long did you know that girl? Did you have a good read on her? Did you ever hear stories about her being unfaithful? There are many attributes to be considered.
1	Also a lot of fans in California are mad they moved it to Korea.   California is the home of LOL and it is tradition to have it here.   We (especially those of us who have attended all the championships) feel betrayed that our tradition is broken and that something created in our home is being taken away from us.
1	If its boring, don't watch.   I actually love watching asian teams, just because how much better they are than the rest, the bar is set higher, so if you want to win the money prize, get better, take the game serious and just practice more. If they can do it, anybody else can. The only thing asians do different is that they take the game serious, because it is how they make a living. The other regions seems to not take it too serious, they can make a living of streaming so they don't put too much effort on actually winning tournaments.
1	And that, as long as new players level up to 30 at play their placement matches, and that older players leave the game, you WILL climb if you play regularly, even if you don't actually improve.   That's not strictly true. The average level of play across all ranks slowly rises as the game gets more "figured out". I know from sc2 and csgo that it was easier to get to global/master/global when the games were relatively new compared to now. If you don't improve  at all  you will drop in rank.   You could also write a proper
1	I don't think the way it is now is a concious choice. There is probably a big obstacle that prevents Riot from implementing a serverbased lobby chat instead of the current P2P system.
1	That's a pretty big lie but what you say isn't wrong either. This is a team game and you can't carry your team always. I got demoted from D5 because in the majority of the cases my team didn't know how to handle the advantage (I'm not saying I did everything right btw but my mistakes weren't as bad (or frequent) as 1 or 2 people did in the progress jof the  game). I watch a lot of streams, watch LCS and even my own replays and I can tell obvious mistakes that are made in a game (mine too ofc)   Edit: I agree with everything else you said
1	Rabadon's is 202 AP.  155+(155*.3). Each additional Rabadon's is still 202 AP.   Tear of the goddess gets you to about 2.4k mana.  A single fully stacked archangels gets you 72 AP from mana + 45.   5 Archangel's gets you to about 4000 mana, which is 120 AP + 45 from each staff (825 total). 4 Archangels gets you 153 (108+45) AP from each.
0	This isn't always the case. I spent 8+ years active duty. On my first tour my ex wife slept around. She'd make trips home and sleep around with friends from our past and the incident stayed relatively under wraps.  My second tour, she shacked up with a buddy of mine from my unit that didn't make the roster due to a profile (recovering from shoulder surgery). Mind you, by buddy i mean this guy was at our place for dinners, holidays, had his own profile on our xbox kind of buddy. But, when I came back to an empty house, tried pushing it up my chain and had a Captain tell me to "let it go" and ask "why I wanted to ruin another mans career because of something my wife did." The most resolved it ever got was having him moved to a different company. They're now married and he's stationed in California. Apparently multiple people knew in the unit, but no one thought to tell me because of "how it would effect my demeanor in an austere environment."
1	It's not just the damage, it's protection against heals and life steal also. A 6 item AD carry will be at full health in roughly 3 seconds if you let them auto attack. If they don't get full to zerod -- which is very difficult if they have something like Soraka passive and a QSS / BV -- you want that extra little something to ensure they're out of the fight.   Graves at level 18 with 10 stacks of passive, flat MR blues, QSS and a Soraka with Aegis nearby:   30 + 30 + 13 + 16 + 24 + 56 MR = 169 MR  With 46% penetration = 77 effective MR  100 / 177 MR = 0.56% damage  1922 base health on Graves  1922 * 1.56 = 2998 magic damage required to kill   Heals:  350 health + 440 health + 525 health = 1315 hp  175 health + 220 health + 262 health = 658 hp (if ignited)   Difference in magic damage required to kill (best case scenario)   1922 + 1315   1.56 = 5049 magic damage  1922 + 658 - 410   1.56 = 3388 magic damage
0	I had an ancestor who was executed because she was a Quaker I have another ancestor killed because he was a French Protestant.  I have ancestors who were chased out of England for being puritans.  I have ancestors who died in the civil war fighting for the north.  I have ancestors who were chased out to Virginia because they were catholic.  I have Irish ancestors who were kidnapped and forced to come to America as "indentured servants" I have Scottish ancestors who were discriminated against because they were scots.  I have Norwegian ancestors who were treated like second class citizens and made fun of.  A rich guy ripped off my dad pretty badly knowing my dad wouldn't be able to pay an attorney to sue him.   I could go on and on. We all have discrimination or persecution somewhere in our history based off of race or gender or religion or economic status.   You think blacks in America had it bad? Look at the history of the Jewish people or native South Americans when the Spanish came or American Indians who lived on the Atlantic coast or A thousand other stories from around the world.
0	College football is all about the Saturday. Yeah, sure it is not socially acceptable to start drinking at 7am and continue all day. Add a dash of college football, and BLAM, normalcy.
1	Jinx's Ultimate is an execute and cannot be compared.   Ashe's Ultimate is a cc and cannot be compared.   So the only one we can really compare this to it's Ezreal's Ult since they both only exist to do damage.     Assuming you have 200 bonus ad at level 11 - 15:   Ezreal's Ultimate would do 700 (500 + 200) for 100 mana.   Draven's Ultimate would do 990 (200*2.2 + 550) for 120 mana.   Furthermore it's very likely that Draven would build pure dps where as Ezreal would be spending gold on mana regen, so it's likely that Draven would having more ad than Ezreal at level 11 - 15.   So 20 extra mana for so much extra damage seems more than reasonable.
1	I enjoyed the game... ive been a player since beta..... but the game really is kinda dying to my dismay.... The best aspects are AvA and PvP... PVE is imo pretty boring... the defense raids are fairly easy but if anything that was the only PVE i would recommend... overall PVP can give you lots of fun... or frustration... much like LoL.... you can get on a bad team and get steamrolled or you can play with a couple of good guys and roll the other team... there are of course your rare good matches...   Overall ratings:   PvE = 3/10 - fairly boring unless you enjoy that grinding down of mobs continuously and then repeating it again...   PvP = 8/10 I thoroughly enjoy the PvP aspect of the game but i can't give it any higher than an 8 simply for the Queue times and how bad some games can go...   AvA 7/10 another great part of the game, but I can tell you now that it is kinda broken... there are only a couple of big agencies that can steamroll anyone... and then one that just dominates every match because all the good players are in it....   If anyone ever wants to play... ill play with ya and help you get to be at least good... im not the best... but i have played with the best... =)
1	isnt the issue that reddit mods are trying to get him to change what he says on twitter and other social medial (and his youtube videos).. in the case that some one is using leverage to deny your rights of free speech (which as far as I can tell Twitter,Facebook and Youtube are all owned by separate companys that ARE allowing those things to be hosted) in any OTHER capacity that they are legally able then it is called BLACKMAIL. srry mate everyone is at fault here Richard can be a dick everywhere else but reddit and reddit cant use that as basis for barring him from the website.   Last point: Reddit mods as far as i know are not paid. (if they are official employees someone please correct me) and therefore are not employees of the company that controls reddit and cannot legally ban him in ANY capacity on the rest of the site (which it sounds like they did.) Thats a job for people who can officially speak on behalf of a company.
1	I love how you point out picking mechanics over numbers.   In LoL the team with most damage to throw brainlessly at each other will win 90% of the times.   Try to pick pure damage heroes in dota such as lycan, ursa, skeleton king, etc and you will fail miserably.   Punishment : I think the biggest issue LoL has, in terms of restrictions, is the lack of punishment for dying, thats why you dont often see comebacks and most games are just lulstomps.   "Oh hey im playing cait, died 4 times on the first 15 minutes, oh well, nevermind, i will just keep farming and eventually if we dont loose before 50 minutes i will be pretty much oneshotting everyone else.   Oh i died 8 more times, that wont slow down my nobrainer Boots, IE, PD, LW for long, i just have to wait to respawn and keep farming"   Summoner Spells : like really you cant consider a game "competitive" if you give them a free out of jail card (yes, im looking at you Flash), you want flash? GET A MOTHERFUCKING ASSWHOOPING 2150g BLINK DAGGER WHICH WILL GIVE YOU ZERO STATS, this is a double edged sword, you will be able to do amazing initiations and will eventually make the dagger worth it, but if you want to be bad and rely on flash to save your sorry ass because you didnt see the enemy coming (ON A GAME WHERE WARDS ARE ALWAYS AVAILABLE, YOU CAN BUY AS MANY AS YOU WANT) then thats your pennalty.   Towers : They deal WAY too much damage, it increases the passivenes of the game by a bloody lot, there isnt a way to make things go faster, you cant pull jungle creeps, you cant deny, on TI2 mouz was taking tier 1 towers in TWO MINUTES, it speeds up the game a lot, making it a lot more dynamic
1	If you've played Dota 2 after playing LoL you feel like you're playing a completely different and  much  harder game. I'll be the first to admit that after playing LoL for 6 months+ I played my first game of Dota 2 and got stomped by bots while having  no  clue what I was doing. I didn't know how to deny I didn't really know how to prevent myself from being denied, I didn't know how the shop worked with courier and more than once I bought an expensive item outright and still had the mats for it in my inventory wasting a lot of gold. I got outplayed by a bot when I was ranged and he was melee (I was frost archer vs Tiny in midlane). There is a lot more going on with items in Dota 2 than LoL and the amount of choices was astounding to me. Dota 2 has a  lot  more depth. I wasn't getting beat by Tiny because I wasn't using spells correctly (frost archer has like 2 actives) I was getting beat because I couldn't handle my lane correctly. Dota 2 has buffs and they have little things like jungle pulling into lane and stuff that I couldn't do or handle. Dota 2 has a "hard" lane where you 1v2 and roaming is a lot more prevelent than LoL. The depth of the game is insane and if you don't know whats going on in team fight you're a very fast very easy kill.   LoL is 100x easier to pick up and 100x easier to play than Dota 2. I assume that Dota was as hard or harder than Dota 2. LoL isn't as deep because perfectly timed skill chains can be prevented/interrupted by your D/F key. 90% of level 30 games there's 10 flashes and those 10 "get out jail free" cards let you play like an idiot and get out of situations you shouldn't have let yourself get into in the first place. Just because Riven doesn't use mana and Shyvana builds rage after 6 doesn't mean they're deeper champions. In truth because they don't have mana they are easier champions to play and understand.
1	I live in Australia and I cannot fly to Korea for Worlds, however since they are holding groups in Singapore, I can fly there for a week (cost me a lot less!) and have a holiday AND get to see Season 4 World Championship games.
0	Okay, okay. As a man of music. I can sorta explain this. How I see it is: 'covering' a song, is not just playing it out of a band. Beethoven and many other extremly famous artists from the classical era are all dead. So they are no longer around to play their own music. Therefore it's not really a cover. However my idea of a cover is when you do something the change an original song into something in your own vision. [This would be a very good example of what I mean.](
1	Why does everyone assume Triple Q was not intended? There is no way his buff duration from his Q would outlast his ult duration if they didn't want Triple Q to be a possibility. From Scarizard;   "Triple Q'ing isn't what makes Rengar rengar. Stalking prey, making decisions on which Ferocity Bonus to use for the right situation, leaping out of brush and killing someone, or flanking and jumping someone for an allied takedown? Those are things that make Rengar who he is.  You're all right that this was intended functionality when it was put in the game - but even Classick agrees that it was also a mistake. Frontloading 500% of your AD in less than a second on a target of your choosing when no one can see you coming is just not something that's okay. "
0	Well of course if you don't know anything you're going to have a hard time, what I'm saying is that it's stupid to expect someone to know  everything . Part of "finding necessary knowledge efficiently" is having enough background knowledge to know where to look and what to look for.   The time for wrote memorization is elementary school when you get a very simple background of knowledge in everything. By the time you're in college (and one could probably argue most of highschool as well) you should be learning how to apply concepts and synthesize data to find solutions. Out of school, as someone develops experience, is when they ought to learn the bulk of their practical knowledge, it's simply not feasible to teach people everything they could ever possibly need to know.   For example, when I was in elementary school I learned that corroded metal was weaker than regular metal, when I was in highschool I learned that metals get their strength from a sea of electrons, when I was in college I learned that certain metal combinations, such as iron and aluminum, exchange ions leading to corrosion, and when I got my first job I learned that helicoils are little strips of metal that allow an aluminum part to be fastened with steel fasteners with neither corroding. I think it's perfectly reasonable to google "what is a helicoil?". I'd be fired if my boss caught me googling "is corrosion bad?".
1	Bullshit. You won´t get any restrictions from leaving 1-2 games   It only happens if you leave a lot. And the servers arent that bad that you disconnect and can´t login several games per day.
1	Why would you want to promote this kind of lazy attitude?  Even as a joke?  I would prefer for the community to actually think and read over
0	it's a good thing to take responsibility for your actions--and for figuring out how you best can contribute to making things better. however, self-blame frequently becomes more masturbatory than helpful. people end up doing it because they think they deserve to be punished. that state of mind, though, usually does not lend itself to change. it's hard to create change, when you're hung up on how terrible you are or how terribly you messed things up.
0	I once had a cavity in my tooth, and I felt some food stuck between my teeth, one of them was the one with a cavity, and it was on the side with it.   I carefully took some floss, ran it between the teeth and got the food out. And a chunk of popcorn kernel. Amd my cavity was gone.
0	Wait a darn minute. Costco was around in 1994?
0	I was listening to some tapes on child development recently, and they said that the age of throwing tantrums is the age when a child's emotional capacity exceeds their ability to regulate their own actions.  So they might still have some tantrums.  Just fewer, hopefully.  I also feel bad for parents whose kids have a lot of tantrums, because we tend to blame parents for every mistake kids make, yet some of them are genetic or a natural part of development.  Some parents might never reward tantrums, and still have to deal with them, just because their child's emotions are in total flux.  Meanwhile I rarely had tantrums, yet when I did I wasn't really punished- more sequestered off to calm down.  I have a nephew now who is completely spoiled, but I have never seen him have a tantrum.  He's a brat in other ways, but it just doesn't seem to be a stage he will pass through, being about 4 now.
1	just won a game where they had nasus feeding rumble 0/6 and i was jungling without smite. Managed to win by my aoe ulti plays.
0	All things are never equal and there are countless situations where it would be better to be another race than white. The thing people never acknowledge is that when the ratios are switched and a white becomes the victim of prejudice then everyone either redirects the focus to all the instances of prejudice against non-whites or just walks away from the conversation altogether.
0	Get a forced air respirator and you won't have to have a seal against your skin we got them at my job and the lifted the beard ban. It's like a head bag with a air pump that is on a belt that goes on your waiste
1	You recognize that you aren't a super player yourself, which is the first step. You have to improve and be able to carry these people to advance. If you yourself are too dependent on your team to win, then advancement will happen very slowly, or not at all.   Another topic is that most people do not realize what they are doing wrong, and only recognize the mistakes of their team.  ex. my old roommate used to main ezreal and would arcane shift INTO the enemy team and die. Then he would think that the reason we lost the teamfight was because of our team, when the loss was obviously on his mis-positioning.
1	That's the biggest catch; LoL players are so poor at adaptation outside of koreans and even there they struggle with it, and it's something e-sports at large is really starting to notice.   BW, SC2, WC3, DotA, Quake/UT, early CoDs, TF2....so many of these games necessitated the development of one's reactionary and improvisational skills at a competitive level. Not only from changes from patches or varied styles of play...but just by their very nature.   The RTS' had/have dozens if not hundreds of viable builds coming and going every year for every race; you had to learn to expect everything and learn to adapt your builds and focus' on the fly. Hell it helped to learn to memorize timings of enemy race builds even if you couldn't or didn't play the race yourself!   DotA had/has dozens of picks and dozens of all equally viable (if situational) items. You had to be able to judge when to adjust your 'normal build' or when to stop building one priority item for a newer higher priority item (Were you half way to BF but you seriously need that BKB? Save what you have, get BKB now. Just an example).   Quake/UT required you to learn how adapt your style of transversing maps to avoid enemies when low, or learn how to judge where they'll come from when you're hunting or being hunted.   Early CoDs were very tactical, and some of the most well balanced games out there from a FPS stand point. They required you to be able to adapt to changes in plans based on who died where and what the objective(s) were. Certain weapons could pierce and kill, others couldn't.   TF2 was basically a spiritual successor to Quake 3 n UT, so a lot of former quake n UT players easily and quickly transitioned to TF2 n turned it competitive, with similar requirements of skill.   Then we look at LoL....There's not a lot of viable variation for items for ADC or Top Laners. Mid variation only exists based on whether you're AP or AD or assassin vs mage. All mages themselves basically build the same. ETC. There's no real need for hardcore item variation in LoL compared to DotA (And by need, I mean there's not a lot of equally viable options, so you don't need to build differently usually...mostly cause you can't.) There's way less viability in character picks.   Not to mention back before how easy n widespread guides were, dota players on average were a lot more willing to help teach people builds, and in my experience at the casual level dota was very good about helping to teach people to learn how to adapt their builds to fit enemy/team needs. Dota 2 is suffering a bit from the same issue LoL has been for years now; people are unwilling or unable to learn how to adjust their build priorities or builds in general to suit their needs.   Likewise, a lot of early LoL pros are retiring because they're unable to adapt to the difference in play style necessitated by meta changes. Look at Snoopeh; support/utility focused junglers are very hard to reliably do now and are generally weaker than gank or carry style ones. It shows a lot in score and quality of play.
1	Rant TSM, besides OddOne, are always like that though so why is this surprising? They're assholes to their fans because the fans don't matter to them and they act like douchey frat guys. They just have that attitude of, "erhmagerd gaiz we'z fahymus ahnd gerd ad dis gamez lawk at deez gurls weh hav ovar". Now albeit they are some of the better players at the game but that isn't all that matters, it's attitudes like theirs that inspires all the trolls and utter shit of character in the LoL community. They shouldn't get as much coverage as they do if they act like that.  Rant over
0	Not to put too fine a point on it, but the concept of a "best source" is, in this context, sort of meaningless. Humans need cobalamin, and you can get it from eating a variety of foods where it occurs as a natural by-product of bacterial metabolism, or you can get it as a commercially produced supplement (no animals involved).   Your body could care less what the source is.
0	As the boyfriend of a girl in engineering, I hate how the ratio is in her classes. On the first day I walk her to all her classes, and loudly say "see you after class babe!" as I'm leaving. I can usually hear the entire class sigh out of depression as I'm exiting the room. :)
1	Well it does have to deal with /r/leagueoflegends but yeah it was already on the front page before with his
1	Well Ive had it for a couple days (OCE Server) and finally yesterday I came across a team that also had it, well 3 other members of my team did. we all decided to do it and it was, honestly pretty cool. none of them were little kids either, all 20+ like me.   And you would be surprised how much less toxic people are when you can hear their voice.   we lost and got stomped haha, but it was all fun and we all added eachother afterwards.   People always say that toxicity comes from hiding behind a screen on the internet, but I think its more specific, I think it comes from hiding behind a keyboard, you can write whatever, but when you are talking to the guys, you have a little more respect for them because you can sort of relate to them I guess?
1	I've got to say, I don't really remember anyone playing Shaco in a tournament. That's not to say they haven't, but I watch a lot of tournaments and can't really remember it.   The issue there is, I think, that none of the top tier junglers have ever put the time into being a truly exceptional Shaco.   Shaco takes dedication other champions don't and while they all say they want to play Shaco in tournaments and think he has potential, the kind of time commitment Shaco takes is difficult to give when you are playing at a professional level.   If someone like Diamdprox put 700 games into Shaco I reckon we'd see him do terrible, terrible things to people.   But then he's put 700 games into one champion and after the first game people will just ban it. Then his other champions probably aren't up to the same level because him and his team will have had to put so much in in order to be able to run Shaco effectively.
1	thb kassa have 2 high base dmg and with the silence he can trade way to good for how strong he gets with just safe items (cata +tear)..nerf him so much that he only can win by roam..think of tf, tf cant in lane unless his way way better then the player his vs, but still usefull. kassa trade way better after lvl 6 and almost impossible to gank + godlike roam..
1	A lot of people most likely be interested in it, you may as well just start doing it and advertising the stream as opposed to asking first because although people may say they dislike the idea they may actually like it when it's up and running. But you'll have to really work at it as there are so many people that do it as well as so many pro streamers that give running commentary on their streams all the way through such as; Scarra and Oddone.
1	I am a person who also transfered to the brazilian server and o can tell that some of the things he stated are true. Brazilians like to flame pretty early in the game ( not that you should do it at all, but doing it because of an early mistake is awfull ). However, if we want to have a better community, redditing about how bad it is won't change anything. Trying to educate these people by giving tips on the game and asking for more polite answers is a good way to improve it and stimulate other people to come to the Brazilian server and improve the matchmaking system. Next time try to post something more positive, asking for colaboration and better actions and even more patience so we can have better experience. That being said I can say I am not disapointed of tranfering - at least not yet - and I can't say I was getting pissed with NA players too.
0	22 year old here. I deal with a similar situation. I went home for a little to visit my mom since my dad and her got divorced around 6 months ago. We always get in fights now because of her damn temper.   I was at home helping her fix her computer/plugging everything in when I noticed that she was missing her AUX cable. She asked if I would be able to hook it up for her if she bought it so I said sure no problem. I explained to her how to plug it in just in case I wasn't around when she bought it. Since shes stubborn she just kept saying 'you do it, I don't know how'. I repeatedly explained that I will but just in case you don't buy it when I'm around here's how. This eventually made her angry for some reason and she started lashing out at me again. 'Its like I'm married to your father again with the way you're treating me'. She started just yelling obscenities at me and calling a loser, mooch ect despite the fact I pay for all the groceries when I'm home with the little money I make at my part time job which I mostly use to pay for school. After 5 minutes of this, I just shut up, turned around and packed my stuff up and left to go back to my apartment. I was home for a total of 3 days and I haven't talked to her in 2 weeks. This is a typical thing with my mom.
0	Some of globalization was designed specifically to stop WWIII. The European Coal and Steel Community (Treaty of Paris, 1952) was a pact between France, Germany, Italy, and the Benelux countries to remove trade barriers between each member's coal and steel industries, and place them under the authority of an independent governing body. The reason why this came about was because France wanted Germany to rebuild, but wanted to make sure it couldn't start another World War. to do this, it made coal and steel easier to trade and produce, at the cost of not directly controlling it. If war were to break out between Germany and France (again), Germany would suffer massive hits to it's coal and steel production. This de-incentivized war, preventing another one from happening between Germany and France.  The other four member states signed on because they collectively said "Fuck it, why not?" The ECSC later evolved into the European Union.
1	17xx player here   i'd say that the # 1 tip I can give is this:   ALWAYS play to have fun, having fun goes before all. If you have fun while you're playing you'll probably see better results. I play to win ofc, but the moment I stop having fun in a game, I can literally see my mistakes piling up on me in the replay afterwards.   by having fun I mean it like this. If you take time to tell people what they should do, stop! just stop telling people what to, give zero fucks and try to have fun with your role at that moment. This have been working wonders for me and I'm sure that it goes for other people too if they dare to give it a try.
1	I've played over 500 games as Draven. I've been playing this champion since I saw Aphromoo play it soon after Draven was released. On Draven launch, I tried him and I actually made a post because I was foolish enough to think that Draven's axes were too much to handle and that he wouldn't be viable in a teamfight situation (I recommended his Q pickup circle would've been increased in size). I was obviously false. Once I saw Aphromoo play it, I began to realize the incredibly fun playstyle that Draven affords those who master him. Since then, I've accrued close to, if not over 500 Draven games over two accounts (Zain88 and I Like Draven -- I play normals because I have very high normal elo, and it's more fun than ranked in many respects).   Now to get on to what is related to this thread:   I beg of you Rioters to please not try to "balance" this champion based upon the very limited knowledge of people who don't play this champion. Telling me that "Draven players didn't notice their bleed damage" is simply false. I notice every single Q I throw and auto-crit (without Q) I throw. I pay attention and have internalized a counting mechanism for how many times I have landed a Q/auto-crit on any given champion so that when I disengage from them, I know exactly how much damage my bleed is going to do. This matters just as much at level 18 as it does at lvl 1. Draven's passive SHOULD be shit late game, because Draven was built to be a lane bully. It's my job to beat my enemy ADC pre-6. If I don't, I pay the price by falling off lategame. If I don't beat a Vayne, Kogmaw, or Tristana before we hit 6, I deserve to lose the game because I don't scale as hard as they do.   If you want to tell me that my bleed at early levels is too weak, then please, reduce it. Drop it to 20 per stack at lvl 1 then. It honestly doesn't matter if this damage gets reduced, because I will adapt to play around that new set of damage. I will adapt to this the same way Vayne learned to adapt when her W damage was nerfed. I have absolutely no issue whatsoever in a direct nerf to my bleed damage. However, Draven's bleed, whether you believe it or not, is a fundamental part of his kit, in the exact same way that Darius' bleed is a fundamental part of his kit. The only difference is that my ult doesn't interact with my bleed stacks. However, imagine you take away that interaction (and I suppose with W too, though that one is much more unnoticed) -- how much of an outcry would you get from players, because it removes something they physically RELIED on because it's a fundamental part of how they learned to play the champion and against the champion.   Now think of Draven with this new passive. I'm not going to go ahead and rail against the idea proposed, but obviously it's a bad one for an ADC. To be honest, I don't think this kind of idea is good on any champion save a support with a global like soraka, and you give that "on kill" to "on assist" -- and even then it's a very sketchy idea, though much more defensible. I'm getting off-topic here. Think about this new Draven passive and how much it fundamentally changes it from my perspective, which I will arrogantly call a veteran Draven player's perspective. I literally learned how to play with this champion for 500 games learning how much damage this bleed does, both early and late game. I've learned when to rely on it, and when I fucked up because I didn't ready my axes pre-fight enough to give me that 1 extra axe to throw because I was forced to drop some pre-fight, and 1 more Q+Bleed would've given me that kill. That bleed effect didn't just teach me how to count 34 dmg or 108 dmg, it taught me when I needed to improve, because 1 more axe would've been the kill, or if I wasn't stupid enough to go in for that last flash-auto, the bleed would've killed him and I would've gotten away for free (because cool guys don't look at explosions).
1	Imagine it the Season 2 Way. You have lets say 4,5k elo, they have 4,6k elo. Still, you just reached 4,5k elo while he, at some point, already reached 5k Elo. There, he got a shiny badge and is now stated as Platin. But then he dropped down again for 400 Elo, but couldn't drop down to Gold. You on the other hand didn't finish a promo since 3,9k Elo, which we say is now Silver max.
1	The fight was Nice, but you actually used a way to edit that i've always loved so far (with the bot voice) and Turned it into a god awful clip.
0	Justice applies to both the victim and perpetrator. It is supposed to be about fairness, rehabilitation, and restitution. It's not about revenge. An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.   People who do fucked up shit are still people and still have value. People who do fucked up shit can go on to live exemplary lives and do great things. Not all of them, mind you, but every person has the potential to do great things.   Yeah, I get being angry. People tend to get angry when fucked up shit happens to or around them. It's ok to be angry. Yeah, I get wanting revenge. It's a natural impulse. It's ok to want revenge.   This is exactly why the victim doesn't get to decide what the punishment is. The point of a justice system is to take the whole judgment and punishment thing away from people who are emotionally attached to the transgression and place it in the hands of (supposedly) unbiased people who are supposed to act in a fair and reasonable manner, deciding guilt or innocence based solely upon the facts, and applying common sense and mature judgment when deciding punishment.
0	I am not a doctor, but I can get depressed (I do not have depression, but experience moments of being slightly depressed), and feel like video games exacerbate the feeling.  The reason being that when I play video games, I am happy and content for the time being.  After 10 hours flies by of playing Diablo III or what not, I realize "Holy shit! I accomplished nothing today, I am kind of a piece of shit".  I have recently cut back my gaming by 95% - went from playing 30 hours a week to 2 hours a week (I can't maths) - and I feel like my mood and attitude has improved tenfold.  Now I am not saying "Don't play video games!", but if you are feeling in the dumps, do something productive, even if it is only for a short period of time such as 30 minutes.  This could be reading a book you enjoy or that is educational, doing some light excercise, maintaining a social relationship you value, cleaning your house/room/apartment/bathroom, doing something nice for someone, build something, etc.  Please note that "productivity" does not include working for a paycheck.  That is something you do to feed yourself and not something you do for yourself for betterment.  If you spend a small amount of time doing something productive each day, you will feel much better about yourself when you reflect back on the day, thus curbing some of the feelings of depression.
1	Does anyone ever sit back and think about all the things Riot is doing instead of complaining about how they don't fix anything? Right now they are making new champions, skins, working on bug fixes and coming up with the newest patch, at Gamescon doing the Wildcard, working on getting things set up for each of the LCS playoffs, working on figuring out Worlds, and who else knows what. There are lots of things Riot does that we don't know about.   Lag is a pretty big problem, but you also have to think about the amount of people that play this game on a daily basis now. I believe League is now the biggest game worldwide. The lag could not even be because of Riot, we had it over on NA if you had certain internet providers. After they looked into it it wasn't even them. So don't jump on Riot and blame them first.
1	20 min. × 20  = 400 min + 20 × 10 = 600 min. = 10 fucking hours.   No offense but this is stupid, you don't need to play fking  10 hours of custom games to learn how to play. 10 hours is a shit ton of time. Better play a few hours of normal and you are done. 10 Hours, I have a real life too :P   Other than that those tips are good ;)
1	Not OP, but I guess I can speak for him. Alex is a legend. He was the face of Moscow 5/Gambit Gaming, who back then were an absolutely dominating force in the competitive scene. He was extremely knowledgeable and skilled, an exceptionally solid midlaner (and a strong toplaner (and jungler afaik too)), yet very humble in victory and graceful in defeat, as the summoners code tells us to be. I don't know how his current state is since I don't follow the EUCS, but at least that's how it was in the past.When people thought about M5/GG, they thought primarily about Alex. That's why so many are talking about changing their Gambit flairs.
0	I have an analogy I use with relationships between two people as Kites tethered by one flyer: Both kites can soar as high as their potential allows them...but after awhile the strings crossing may limit the ability of one to fly higher, thereby hindering its success.... In this case one kite must either be able to fly as high as it's soaring partner or risk the string breaking... In other words get in the gym with her, be a success and she too will follow, or risk the string breaking.
1	forced to afk. Nobody forced you to do anything. You speak of maturity yet you go afk in a game because of 2 randomers harming 2 innocent people because of your vanity, next time just mute them and move on I do hope you got reported and banned for afking in a ranked game. People like you are the reason I stopped playing this game, it's so impossible to enjoy the game when people just go afk in the middle of it.
0	We don't know, but if a group of well studied historians made an educated guess based on circumstantial and physical evidence, considering all other possibilities, it's a bit more reliable than just throwing around other meanings.
0	Confront the possibility (and the thoughts) that it could all go wrong with the fact that it could go right.   I understand that dealing with people is a difficult, complex thing and sometimes people and situations demand things of you that you may not be prepared to give, but I urge you to try.   I think it most effective to simply surrender to your own hope and innocence; to aim for the best possible outcome. If you fail somewhere along the way, stay humble and honest. Do your very best to identify the SOURCE of whatever problem you may have, and respond effectively - without shame.   You are who you are, broken or damaged though you may be, because of a number of things that are far beyond your control and because of some things that are. Try to identify them all. Study them. Try to figure out what you need most and see if you can find a way to combine those "ingredients", those factors, in such a way that you maximize personal and mutual/communal benefit.   If you need a break but can't afford a vacation, search for an unexplored place nearby OR  within . I find that simply laying down and taking a second to enjoy it is better than many of the things that I've paid a notable amount of money for.   I'm a bit off-track but feel free to ask anything that comes to mind. We're all on the same journey.
1	Here are my two cents on how to fix most of the problems:   Today lots of news came out about how junglers/supports could get more gold income. I personally like this change, because there will no longer be this "last pick is support" in soloq especially in the lower elos. There were a lot of ideas floating around about how junglers/supports get more gold, but I havn't seen this one yet.   What if Summoner's Rift was bigger?   Specifically, what if the jungle had more camps, and more paths? This would allow fast clear junglers to gain a significant advantage  over their heavy-ganking counter parts. It would also let the jungler get more of then jungle even with a solo-laner taking wraiths/golems. It would push the laning phase even later into the game, because or the lack of jungle pressure (if heavy farming junglers come into the meta) as well as limit the amount a mid-laner can roam to the other lanes without missing CS or EXP. Riot has stated that they want the laning phase to play a big part of the game, and this would further this idea. Also, it would push more players to ward, and take some of the weight of the supports shoulders. Supports wouldn't be able to run around and ward everywhere (even with mob boots), thus forcing the other roles to ward there lanes to stay safe. With a larger map, you could make oracles less effective because the support would have to roam everywhere to find wards. It would also allow for a more strategic vision-battle between teams, as well as more places to position for fighting.   Also, Riot is looking to remove all global passives, and with a larger map this would synergize really well. A larger SR would also balance out champions (TF), and allow for more counter-play overall in the game. Also, it would change the way the game flows, from the usual split pushing meta. A split pusher would have to go a lot further in order to take towers.
1	Stupidception, let's go even further.   Alistar was considered absolute useless throughput pretty much the whole Season 1. Then his Damage and Ratios got gutted because AP Alistar was OP.   Then, his CC got nerfed, because Roaming Alistar was too strong.   Then his Ultimate and Heal got nerfed, because in the shining aera of Sustain Supports, his perma Heal and awesome diving tool made him a beast support.   Then, his Cooldowns (?) and Heals got nerfed because he was too strong as a jungler.   Somewhere along the lines, his passive got  changed because AD Alistars were ripping towers apart like no business.   What I wanna say is this: People considered Alistar trash tier when he was sleeper OP in EVERY SINGLE position except ADC, hell they even created a new role because he was so good at it and after Ali got hit with the bat, roaming disappeared completely in a matter of weeks.   The community always followed the pro scene and the pro scene is usually busy perfecting the gold standard, the guys that bring out the sleeper OP's are often solo queue players.   Examples:     AP Tryndamere     SpamHappy and the Poppy     TiensiNoAkuma and Katarina     chu8's Mid Maokai     Westrice and the Akali     soaZ Jayce     that Diamond Proxy Singed guy, whose name I forgot     what was his name, EgoIgnaxio, the creepy Kennen guy?     TheRainMan Teemo     that flamer that only played Soraka Mid (also brought Eve FOTM)     then there is that Rengar-Player who managed to perfect the bug exploits     Hao Tryndamere     PhantomLord in his prime TP Revive days     Hyfe Nasus       I'm sure there are more but that's all i can think of now.
0	This is a good point though, there is a huge difference between the two types of people.   EDIT: For all the people who say this is racist, its really not. I've been close friends with 'african americans' (I put quotes because even my friends agree that just plain 'black' works better) for the majority of my life, and I wouldn't have it any other way. But there is a huge difference between black people and N-----s, whereas the difference between being black and being, say, asian, is the color of your skin, and the difference between being a normal person and being a N----- is that the latter has a much less friendly personality and usually causes problems in social situations. I've met many people who can qualify to be considered a N----- who aren't even black.
1	This sorta echos froggens opinion but i'm a 1900 player (not that great) but just a brief explaination on why I think AP kog is actually still super strong. When you look at all the nerfs after mlg anahime... they were all directed at mana costs (I forget if there were any nerfs to a couple CDs possibly?) however the bulk of the changes were nerfs to how the ulty mana cost increase stacked and how long the ulty mana increases would stack. So it really ends up being an issue of mana. How do you deal with his mana costs?   Chalice + tear early game. It delays damage a bit, however i've found that if you go for a chalice + tear early game, regardless of what items you follow it up with (though I am assuming that at some point you go athenes and archangles) the mana sustain is really good. Its also not at all far from what people used to build on AP kog anyway. If you get blue on top of that, you get insane amounts of mana sustain. One of the reasons for this is because of the percentage mana regen, and kogs high base mana pool.   Though overall, what riot did is nerf mana costs and try to make it a bit tougher so you can't just do 10 ults in a row... however I don't really think that thats what was happening before. Nobody was truely chaining 10 ulties and getting to that cap, yeah like 4-5 and poking repeatedly with high damage. AP kog's lategame poke and burst were pretty much unmatched, he even had arguably better waveclear than someone like anivia where a single E can just clear the entire wave.
0	No.  Not even a little.  Being intolerant of intolerance is not intolerant.   In case you were asking genuinely and not just trolling:   The difference is in whether the trait being hated is under the other person's control or not.   If someone hates gay people for being gay, then they're a bigot, because there's nothing a gay person could possibly do to redeem themselves.  A gay person could save their whole family from a burning fire and the bigot would only elevate that person to status of "Alright, for a queer".   On the other hand, hating someone for a decision or belief they have is  not  bigotry, because the person can easily change their opinion at any moment.  If you hate someone for acting like an asshole, all they have to do is not act like an asshole anymore and you would be able to see them as a better person.
0	Never, when I'm not counting my above post. I just tell them the facts, I don't do any of that "just come to meeting and find out there" marketing nonsense. I approach my friends as a friend, tell them the benefits and downfalls, and give them a drink to try, so they can determine if they want to join. If they genuinely aren't interested, I don't try to force anything down their throats. I did as much research into it as possible. I would never try to screw my friends over for a little compensation.
1	when I play Akali I run 20 AP from runs and start with a Doran's blade to activate both my passives. my next items are sheen and boots right away because the damage bonus from sheen is most effective very early game and tapers off until you can turn it into a lich bane with a sufficient amount of AP
0	Well, it is my belief then, that you are an idiot.  You not voting is you forfeiting your right to do so.  You are willingly giving up that right because you don't agree with a two-party system?  Well, as an American, I'd damn well rather live here and vote on two career politicians who take corporate corruption into their hearts to reach their position than move to a country who doesn't allow me any say in my governance.   I do agree that it sucks.  Having just 2 parties to choose from forces a lot of compliance and a lot of compromise, but it's also very difficult to uproot a political system that has been in place for so long and that has been widely accepted by the general populace, especially when that populace takes a similar stance to you and refuses to attempt to make a difference.
1	For all the people saying that Twitch is just getting picked up an therefore nerfed, keep in mind that this is only true for NA. In the OGN, or in Korea, twitch has been played often (even first picked) for quite a while now since he has no real lane counters with his passive and e and also fits into many different team comps.
1	I did not use numbers for a 2000 HP target on a 1500 HP target. I re-do numbers when I change target.   "Have blown everything" meaning have not used ignite, any ticks of your ult, have only cast one E, and haven't hit a single tick of W or had any help from your team, landing even a single auto-attack. Also, many ADs won't have much MR by that point. 10% reduction is more likely.   Whops at the 35% thing. My bad.   DFG does not fall off harder than Deathcap, it actually scales better. Deathcap basically adds a ratio based on your current ratios. For morde, it adds about a .4-.5 ratio depending on enemy HP and how many ticks of things you get. DFG has a .35 ratio per 1000 enemy HP, which outscales Deathcap in most situations. The CDR also scales with your AP. And you can build a Deathcap later to multiply with Deathfire if you wish. DFG is the best damage item for Morde, for certain. I have no idea why you reduced ult damage. The damage should be 450(base of Q+E) +100(AP scaling from Q+E)+502.5(DFG)+217.5(base % from ult)+30(AP scaling from ult) = 1300 exactly. If you get 2 ticks of ult and 2 of ignite, 2 ticks of W, that's 21.75 2+6(ult)+24 2+20 2(W)+62 2(ignite) = 239.752 damage. To a 1500 HP target, with 0 AP from runes of masteries, 0 auto-attacks, only a single cast of your E, where you can often get two, and only two seconds of ult and ignite that are likely to linger for more, and without a single attack from a team-mate who would usually contribute at least some AoE in a teamfight, you do enough raw damage to kill someone. In an actual game situation, they don't even always enter at full HP.   Also, I did not use 2000 HP math on 1500 HP target. Do not assume. My mistakes were Q scaling on total AD and DFG doing 35%. I never claimed to factor MR, in fact, I clearly stated "pre-mitigation damage" - I had left out so many factors, mentioned above, that would reduce your damage in a realistic situation that it was more than canceled out. Exact numbers were not as important as how much DFG totally dominates any other build for burst damage.   After DFG, Gunblade or Deathcap are viable build choices. Both provide decent burst. Lichbane at some point if you're able to get in melee range of decent targets.   Q is best maxed before W. W's armor/MR buff is really weak, why you'd ever put it on a decently positioned AD carry, I don't know. If you're in the middle of things, the cooldown change on Q is too valuable to give up for a bit of W damage. W has some good sustained damage via AP ratio, but Q scales better based off of its level.
1	No, Ranged champions have low defensive base stats. Tanks are made to frontline and get hit so they need the base stats and they don't need to be ranged. I don't need to talk about the rest of his kit because these factors here already decides that he is a bad tank. Ranged champion =/= tank. Think about Gnar, He is ranged and in his melee form he can also be a tank, The only reason he can be a tank in his melee form is that he has 3seconds of possible aoe CC when he becomes melee and he gets a huge amount of stats for being melee(BASE AD, ARMOUR/MR and HEALTH)all the stats that are missing for all ranged champions and for gnar in his ranged form..
1	Cast time has EVERYTHING to do with queueing spells in this situation, and both spells ARE queued during the W cast time. E just happens to be able to be cast at any point along the shadow's path, while Q only happens if the shadow has stopped moving before the cast time of Q finishes. Because both spells queue after W cast, it's consistency. It would be INCONSISTENT if one of them queued and the other didn't. After probably 200+ games on the new Zed, I've tried to deliberately recreate it, and out of 20 trials, I got nothing. No bug, q casts every time, even when spamming both spells. I don't care if both queue or if neither queue, but right now both do, and they queue up from end of cast time to start of next cast time, and the time at which the shadow lands is completely independent of the queueing of spells. W has no cast time, takes .367 seconds to land at max range, and Q has a .25 second cast time. Meaning, if you queue the spells within .117 seconds of eachother, Q will have finished casting before W lands, and Q will not cast from the shadow. Conceptualizing making W guarantee a q throw means making W have a cast time that is equal to (the time it takes for the shadow to reach its target) - .25 seconds. This means creating a variable cast time and also means that Zed's shadow becomes useless as an escape, as he would have to stop moving to cast it.
0	This is why I hate "professional sports". it's one big corporation that people think represents their state, and when "their" team wins they act like they one the lottery? when the corporation is the only one that wins. not only that, all "professional sports" are fixed one way or another at varying degrees per sport.
0	Since we're at it though, I should probably ask for some more guidance since you seem to be the arbiter of language. My girlfriend once described herself as a nympho. I probably should have told her she's an idiot for using that word without a psych degree, right?   Oh, hysteria used to be a medical diagnosis. Since I'm not a doctor I should probably avoid using that word, huh?   Ooo, next time the family of a murder victim is shown on tv describing the assailant as a psychopath, I can only hope someone as brave as you is around to correct them.   Hmm, I'm also not a lawyer, so I should probably avoid using any legal terms. Maybe even simple ones like innocent and venue should be out of bounds, right? I should probably avoid all Latin as well.   I'm not an electrical engineer, so I guess voltage and current are out of my vocabulary now. Potential difference, resistance, conductor, insulator, all gone.   Oh, I'm not a biologist, so I guess I can't use the word cell anymore. DNA and chromosomes are also off limits.   Not a physicist, so inertia is gone. Force is gone. Acceleration? Gone.   Not a soldier, so flank and pincer are probably out.   If you think of any others, please be sure to let me know.
1	Ok lets clear some things up. They did both AMAZING things here and I'm going to try too shed some light on it.   Yellowstar:  2 BRILLIANT double stuns along with quick burst damage to basically just serve rekkles 2 easy finishes. Stayed relevant during the final Diamond chase for Rekkles making Diamond to scared to go after him after barrier and basically zone him away by staying put at distance, ready to interfere.   Rekkles: Playing it REALLY cool, managing too position himself and get that ult he patiently saved, off. After this he used his passive very well, baiting out the Shyvana ult into bushes wich he also patiently saved his flash for. After this... he expected the Shyvana flash as final gapcloser but here he had his barrier wich he also very patiently saved and that saved his life.
1	This tweet from Soaz is just as childish and immature as many of the comments on this subreddit. Sure, there is plenty of idiots commenting dumb shit, but at the same time there are plenty of valid critisisms on here and people who actually do have a good grasp of what's going on.
0	I would very much suggest you don't go through with this if you are actually joining a MLM type situation, if only because of the crazy amount of people on reddit that have gone through it and hate it now. There is a slight possibility you could be successful, but it is far more likely you won't be. Otherwise MLM jobs would be far more common to live off of. Unless you are just looking for "beer money," then be my guest.   It's not about whether the product works, or everyone needs it. It's about the view the public has on salesmen and the "door to door" feel that MLMs have. No one wants to listen to you prattle on about your product, no one wants to tell you no (so they don't want to talk to you at all in the first place), and unless this person likes to impulse buy random shit all the time, they probably aren't going to trust whatever it is you're selling. Think of all the scams that are sold this way, and how quickly those are going to come to mind the second you start talking.   I'm not saying everyone will say no and you're going to fail miserably, but you are right about the 99 nos and 1 yes. Plus you have to think about liability insurance. That was the big flashing sign I should get out of the business. I was a stupid college kid selling fucking  knives  where the customer was supposed to handle them during the presentation, and my boss never told me about liability insurance. You are considered an independent contractor, so if customers get sick/hurt/whatever off of what you sell them, they can sue you directly and if you don't have insurance, it's coming out of your pocket. If they haven't told you about this before you go out to sell things, leave. What else are they not telling you? How else are they going to screw you over? You don't know. Maybe it was a mistake, but what other mistakes concerning really important things are they going to make? It's not worth it.
0	Story Time:  So I was probably 20...21 maybe, myself, a roommate, and his friend decided we wanted to run a haunted house with the local boys and girls club (one of the people that ran it was a friend).  So we rented a few rooms in the local high school for a weekend.   I dressed up as a dungeon master, complete with spikes, whip, and had a bevvy of young, barely dressed high school girls play my dungeon mates (yes, it was worth every minute for this alone).   So, day 1 starts off pretty slow, we're just kind of getting our routine down, trying to see what works to scare the shit out of people.  Now I, being a pretty much suburban for life white kid, really had no clue how goddamn scared of ghosts black people are.  This became very apparent to me when my routine was to scream, then crack a whip, and kick a metal trash can to make noise while the girls were screaming and tied to a makeshift rack and wall chains.  Then I went up to one of them and ripped her insides out while she laid on the table.  We spent some dough to make it all look really good.   I knew we were doing good when into the room came a group of 4-5 young black kids, probably 14-17 , I turned around, snapped my whip on the ground, and I saw all the black fade out of them, the one guy tried to dig his way through the brick wall closest to him.  I thought, ahh they're trolling me, then I saw his eyes, he was scared shitless.  I never thought I'd see that in anyone's eyes.   We had a ton of fun doing that, but it got shut down because someone complained about having a 22 blanks pistol fired in the building, that it was too loud w/o ear protection.   We made a killing money wise in just 2 days (was supposed to go for 4 weeks each weekend).
0	I was working at a restaurant when I was 18.  I had been living alone for near 2 years and was scrapping by.  I was a bus boy making salary and tips.  Any who, a woman server was working to support her two kids from different dads and was horrible to the bussers.  Shorting us on tips and having us constantly do the work she should have otherwise done.  She was a scumbag and mean as hell.   Finally, I just couldn't handle it and cut back my assisting her cause she had shorted me twice in one weekend which was super busy.  She went crying to the management about me and we were called into the office.  She screamed and yelled about me til finally I could bring up shorting me on tips.  She throws out "I have to kids to feed". I replied with I still am a kid and shorting me is food from my mouth.  I was never scheduled to work with her again.   Management finally turned on her and started checking all the logs on her tipping. You are supposed to split tips based on a % of tip income a night. About 5 between 2 bussers and he bar.  She had been under tipping everyone she was required to share with even putting change into the envelopes. Bartenders, bussers, expeditor.  It was disgusting.  She left after four months of having to tip accurately for some other loser.  I think her name even Stacie or something too.
1	just play the game. The more you play the more you get familiar with the spells your hero uses and the spells that the enemy heroes use.   As far as the items are concerned at the beginning you cant go too wrong if you stick with the recommended items, but dont buy a jungle item if you dont plan on jungling, ww for example is also a solid toplaner.   Once you soaked up some experience you can start to make your own thoughts about what items to buy.   If the enemy team has alot of heroes which rely on autoattacking or physical damage spells it might be usefull to grab some armor, likewise for mages and magic resist.   If the enemy has alot of crowd control it might be good to buy a item which offers tenacity.   The enemy stacks resistances? No problem just grab a void staff ( if you are ap) or last whisper ( if you are ad)   Your hero has an attack speed steroid? Focus on buying ad or on hit items instead of buying additional attack speed.   You can also watch some streamers if you wanna gain further inside into the game. Streamers like wingsofdeath often explain the reasoning behind their plays pretty good.   Also another important thing which alot of the new players often do neglect. Keep your primary focus in the lane on lasthitting as many minions as possible. Often its just not worth to keep dueling the enemy champions and loose tons of gold for missed lasthits unless you can force the enemy champion out of lane.
1	It's a great thing that he is still able to play even without functional hands. He also deserves some reckognition for this. (Inbound down boats for this:) At the same time, he's not the only one out there having a hard time at life, so please don't go overboard on one guy, look at the whole image of his situation in relation to others. People are going way overboard in the comments on his twitch stream, while it's from the best of intention (i suppose) that people write it, it still gets quite silly to read after a few minutes.
1	Yeah. I mean it means some stuff but you cant tell if someone is good at the game or not just by their ranks. The game has a lot of different aspects to it and ranking system mesures your ability to use your game knowladge more then actually having thay knowladge. I know so many people that are low elo and know so much about the game. They lack in practice but does that mean they are bad at the game? Just because you are bad at one part of the game it doesnt mean you are bad entirely.   Lets take Ciderhelm as an example. When I last checked he was Gold 4 but he knows so much about the game.   I dont know if Im making sense here but this is what I think. Plus some people such as me dont play ranked. If you look at my profile you will see Im bronze 1 but you cant see that last time I played ranked was months ago.
0	That's a really hard question to answer. Ever since I was a kid I've looked down on others. Kinda thought of myself as 'elite' amongst them all. I never had many friends (probably related to that).   Fast forward a few years: an unhappy kid, depressed and annoyed with the world.   By some stroke of luck, I got some friends. Funny how your outlook and attitude can change with a few people you care about.
0	Story time:   My father and myself are motorcyclists. He started driving when he was 17.  He mounted these two large exhaust pipes on it; they looked a bit like the fronts of wind instruments.   You can imagine the sounds they would make. My father is 67, a much older, hopefully wiser man. He described to me why he removed them: He knew a nanny who he was visiting (sly dog, my dad) and the child she was watching was woken up by a loud motorcycle. As he put it, maybe that person didn't need to wake up the sleeping child. Maybe it didn't matter that everybody else knew you were something special. Maybe it was enough that you know you're something else yourself.   That's what made him change his exhaust pipes back, at any length.
0	This is exactly right. I have a wife and 2 young daughters. Have to work 50 hours a week to make end's meet  because we bought a house and car at the very tip top of my price range. Living paycheck to paycheck, ruined my credit because things break and I had no money to fix them, so there goes the house payment. Then work 70 hrs a week to make up that money.  Starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel finally.... Its been 6 years of making over $2000 a month and not being able to buy ANYTHING extra. It's driving me nuts, and making my marriage hell.   That and it's pointless for my wife to work because the cost of daycare completely negates the paycheck she'd be earning.   Not trying to have a pity party, just hoping to help you guys out.
1	In Korea, pretty much every restaurant delivers and McDonald's is not popular at all. Koreans don't see McDonald's food as a meal, but a snack. Since McDonald's is competing in the snack market, it loses because all other types of snacks are more easily accessible and cheaper. Korean fast food would be like eating some ramyun, ordering chinese, chicken or pizza. There are also many food stalls in the street that sell ddukbboki which is widely considered as a national food along with kimchi.
0	a point system where a child can earn privileges / money, and can be punished when not enough points are earned is an actual therapy used as a last resort intervention for kids. (though it's just a part of the whole deal) the kids are placed in a foster care family that has training with this method. this sounds exactly like what is happening right now, and it's an extremely effective method. yet this method is usually at least 2 months. most of the time it's alot longer. only after he's internalised the structure will it continue to be effective.  so what i'm urging you to do, is use this to gain custody. make sure he can live with you alot longer than the 35 days the program lasts as that way you can give him both the stability and care he needs. also going back too soon will only make his problems come back.
0	I'm not sure if you are having trouble with the weight or not. If you can handle the weight, carefully add more. IMO the bar stabilizes more when you have more weight. If you are attempting a weight that is heavy for you, ask someone to spot for you in case you cannot lift it.   Another tip: If you wish to increase weight on your bench, you need to regularly bench. If you take time off of benching, you will lose weight your bench. You will see results if you do this. Coming into my freshman year, I could bench 135. I am going into my senior year and I can now bench 315. I am also a bit on the big side. For guys like us, this is our best lift. Enjoy it.
1	For me ranked is an addiction, i'm just too competitive and after losing i have the feeling i NEED to win, to finally win my diamond promos.. But its just so frustrating so i play more and more to finally get out of plat 1 and be a diamond butterflyyyyyy.. :[   SOOO.... For me ranked is addicting maybe making him stop playing rankeds will help. Cause then he has no goal to achieve = no rage = having fun, etc and maybe it will lead him to stop playing LoL.   Or u could just fix a hot girl for him loool ;p!
1	You do realize the amount of people who play this game right? You saying you "report every single leaver/afker" is a dumb statement.
0	Yeah, but then you have to figure out what to do with the tube sock. Plus I'd have to buy the tube sock in the first place. I wear black socks. This wouldn't work very well for me.
0	I disagree. Voters tend to want to vote for a winning team. In many cases the team that looks like it will lose loses voters who would rather opt out entirely than associate themselves with losing.
1	I started playing instantly so I dropped to 900 elo but after that I started learning more about the game and I started to climb. Even if a lot of people's gonna say that you shouldn't play ranked when you hit 30 instantly because you will ruin the fun for others however if you try to learn from every game you will reach your goal in no time.
1	Don't sweat it, man. I'm a fairly decent player and recently made a new account on BR server for ping reasons. You would not believe the amount of flame I get even though I always score positive.   Assholes  People smurfing believe they're incredibly good even though they probably don't get a good grasp on the game yet.   Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, that's why I never flame and nor should anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game.   [
0	You're right, teachers do still have to work over summer to better their teaching abilities, attend teaching clinics, develop and set the curriculum for the future and much more I'm sure. But think about all the ways students are bettering themselves as well over summer break (or at least have the opportunity to). From the younger ages with summer camps and other things to learn different life lessons. Whether it be getting out and being social with others at weekly summer camps, or learning how to build a fire with boy scouts. Or possibly playing with other kids on recreational sports teams, etc. This opens up different ways of team building for the kids and different learning tactics in irregular environments. Sure it's not necessarily "working" but kid are sure as hell learning some big things everyday that will help set the stone for the rest of their lives. Or what about college kids? Sure they can take summer school and take classes year round. But being able to take the summer internship will benefit them tremendously in the long run. Hell, some students  need  the summer job to continue to attend college. I hope it doesn't sound like i believe teachers are pointless and don't actually work  that  hard. They really do work hard, it is astonishing. Teachers are under-appreciated. But that week break in the middle of each semester could be used to the advantage for both the students and the teachers. We all need to step away from school/work for a little while.
1	Plat is hell.   This said, I try to barely read the chat when playing. If I see someone playing in a way I like, I say it and go for some jokes and have some friendly exchanges. If it goes toxic or even slightly negative: I mute.   I'm not here to ear your rant, I'm here to play a game and enjoy my time.   So my advice for next time: don't defend the midlaner in the chat, he's playing league, he's plat, he messed up his skillshots and he doesn't give a damn about what your adc is saying. Let this adc talking alone and mute him. Ignoring is the best way to show someone how little you care.   And as a short story to back-up this: didn't you have this last-pick troll who don't want to support and when it comes his turn he blatantly pick Tryndamere? Then Teemo, then Singed. If anyone in the lobby says anything about: "OMG OMG OMG, nonono Trynd supp PLZZZ" this guy will lock. The best way is to stay mute, let the guy look at himself and how nobody cares if he's trolling and you'll see him pick Leona in the last seconds.
0	I think the problem with most videos is that they're extremely biased.   Most people watch some one sided video that doesn't give all of the facts or the impacts that supporting their particular cause might have.  Suddenly you have all kinds of new experts on some issue who don't actually know what's going on.  The awesome power of candidate political ads are a great example of this.   Nothing pisses me off more than someone reposting some candidate's political ad with some comment about how right they are.  This extends to particular social issues as well.
1	It's quite simple.     Your teammates want to win.  Probably more than you do.     If you're bitching about this subject, your teammates are  definitely  more interested in winning than you are, since you clearly place a high priority on establishing, "It wasn't my fault. Waaaaaah!"     If you are fantastic at Top, but can't play Support to save your life, your teammates are going to let you go top.     Oh Wait, maybe your Teammate is fantastic Top but not so comfortable in Support as well, in which case, quit complaining and play support, THATS WHY PICK ORDER EXISTS.     Maybe if you listed all 5 roles in order of preference, instead of just saying 'mid pls', your teammates would be more willing to work with you.
0	I used the balls in someones face to elude to the fact that it wasn't about the breastfeeding, it was about doing something you shouldn't do with another person present while engaging them in conversation. The breastfeeding is just what happened afterward and is the only thing people have focused on in the comments. I tried to keep this off of the breastfeeding topic by telling people I'm in support of it. Being in support of breastfeeding and having a stranger suddenly plop out a boob while you are at work serving them isn't the same.   Sorry about the "bitches" thing. I was going for more of a Aaron Paul "BITCHES" thing in the
1	I usually like to be subtle, but it's 11 at night.  You were banned because a Riot rep tasked to determining whether or not to ban someone thought your actions were ban-worthy.  You may not think that your actions fell under that umbrella, but you are  wrong.   You're expecting to get preferential treatment from Riot just because you used to be a big deal (apparently), and you've shared technical details with them in the past.  You've got to face the facts: you're not immune to the tribunal just because of who you are, and neither will you receive preferential treatment.   It doesn't matter whether you feel cheated or not.  A jury of your peers determined that you broke the Summoner's Code on  multiple  occasions and thus, you were banned.  The right thing to do in this instance is to provide Riot with the exploit, and give them the opportunity to push out a fix before going public with  any  details.  Anything else, and I wouldn't be surprised if Riot just out-and-out permabans you.   The only section of the community that this information would help are the trolls and asshats who have also been banned for their behavior in game.  Going public will have no positive effect on the game itself, and it will only serve to stroke your ego, and make a lot of bad people very happy.   If you want Riot to acknowledge your existence, do something nice.  Start a tutorial series, or write some League-themed comedy.  If you're an experienced gamer, perhaps shoutcasting would be a decent avenue for you to take.  Make a  positive  difference in this community rather than a negative one.
1	Lets be real no one really wants to read the whole thing. Maybe not even the
1	Scim-reading here but:   You're saying that DDOS is a client issue.  Sadly it's an issue with the nature of the internet and people being assholes.  Simple as that.   Having read that I'll assume that the rest of your wall of text is unnecessary and/or ill-informed.  Giving it a second scim I get anecdotes about issues with the tribunal aaaaand..... that's it?   If you spent more time getting an idea of the challenges involved in developing and maintaining something of the scope that League is at now you would probably just have given out to those people who spoil your experience.
1	She's not as straightforward because she can do 10 different things (ult and active/passive/power chord for each spell). You need to adapt to how the game is going. If your lane partner isn't taking much damage and they buy health pots you may not need to level heal much and you can level up the damage spell for awesome poking/harass. Hitting with q and then immediately with power chord hurts a lot.   On the auras, I find that in general while laning, having the aura from q up is most useful, just makes it that tiny bit easier for your carry to get last hits. On the other hand, if you're getting harassed a lot and need to max healing you can.   Knowing when to use each power chord is another issue. The extra damage one is easy, whenever. Knowing when someone is about to put out a heap of damage to hit them with power chord from w is harder, knowing when to slow someone is pretty much the same as whenever you would want to slow someone, when they're chasing you or you're chasing them. On hitting the w power chord: in the laning phase, if they're coming forward to harass, that's a reasonable cue, if you can sneak them in right before a last hit on a minion and make them fail it, that's also great timing.   Otherwise, speed is useful for chasing/being chased/escorting someone back out to their lane, moving between map objectives.   In team fights switch between q/w as you need it. Mitigate strong enemy damage with w (including with power chord), amplify your own teams damage with q. Heal people with w. Try to keep the most useful aura up for the conditions of the fight, remember that they last about 2 seconds after you cast another one. So if you want the q aura up and have to heal someone, wait until 2 seconds left on q cooldown, hit w (maybe powerchord autoattack on one of their big damage dealers), hit q again.   When you ult, hit as many of them as possible, make sure you have q aura up so that everyone can capitilise on the disabled enemy team.
1	The whole flaming the jungler part is so true. I'm a jungler main on EUNE, and people really don't get that I'm not the all-powerful lane savior who can turn their 0/10/0 to 20/10/10. If I get counterjungled, get caught while trying to go save a teammate, hell, if I even fail to get the kill, I get flamed, and that's really the downside of being a jungler.   Junglers really do get the pressure in this meta. We're supposed to farm, gank all three lanes, counterjungle, ward everything, build damage, build tank and get people snowballing all at the same time. Sure, that is the unconventional truth, but the reality is that nobody can do all that.   I really like jungling though. Whenever I get a lane ahead, I feel accomplished, and if the laner happens to thank me for saving them/getting a kill for them, I am really happy. For that, I'll keep on jungling 'till my League days are over.
0	I was this girl! A bunch of my classes throughout college used WebCT, a web-based lecture supplement dealy where profs could post slides and have online quizzes and stuff. It had a discussion board section and you could attach files to your posts, so I'd upload my excellent, awesome, thorough, really well-organized notes before every exam. I was taking them digitally anyway, so why the hell not share? Also it got to the point where I got so used to sharing my notes that I wrote them specifically to be easy for other people to understand, and now that I'm graduated, friends who are taking the same classes I did are still asking for them.
1	Everyone knows 4M Korean supports are all godlike - Madlife / Mafa / Mata / Mandu.   But the reason mata is so special is because of his superior vision control. If you closely watched Samsung White's games, you may find he is roaming around very early and moving across the map for vision control.   Do you know what this means? Yeah Imp left alone. Generally when 2vs2 lane happens, it is mostly up to supporter whether or not you win the laning phase. But in this case, Imp is even doing 1vs2 from time to time, but still holds his lane or even overwhelmed the opponents. That is how crazily good Imp is.   People should give credits to Zero much more than Uzi cuz it is 7-3 supporters ability to win bot lane but ironically people always praise Uzi no matter how hard Zero carry Uzi in lane, most of the time.
1	I remember the first time i got my acc to lvl 30, i was googling how should i start play rank and most of people said something like : "You need 2 different champs in meta for every role and rune page with full set of runes for every role you play" , so here comes the math, for 2 champs in meta for every role you prolly get 10k x 5 roles, and for runes, lets say 3 sets (ad and adc in one, jungle tank in one and ap in one too) that will cost 6300 for rune page and s*it ton of ip for runes, so it is suggested not to play ranked for a year till you collect full set...
0	If you don't have the mental fortitude to work at Walmart then there is a whole host of other jobs you certainly wont be able to do as well. Worked retail, the shit isn't hard, you just have to accept that there are an infinite number of terrible people out there and the company itself will probably treat you like an overpaid slave.
1	Long story inc.   My goal in season 3 was to get to silver. I was bronze 1 in my final promo, if I won, I would get silver, if I lost, I still had 2 more games. Unfortunately, that goal ended when my friend called my mom a savage over skype, and she heard it, and she went ape shit. So, that fueled my desire to get silver even more this season. Except that I got placed in bronze 4 after placements. Didn't play ranked at all until the summer. Over the summer I managed to get from bronze 4 to silver 5... and then silver 5 to gold 5. I not only managed to reach my goal, I surpassed it, and I became a much better league player because of it.
0	Actually no this a separate crime, crimes are committed at specific times and places and you are charged for that specific crime at that specific time and specific place. If the double jeopardy law was applied in this manner you could in fact rob the same people twice, arson the same building twice, and bomb the same place twice and not be convicted of the crime the second time. The only real application here is in the case of murder which it makes sense, since you can not murder the same person twice as far as we know no one gets to live twice(except James Bond.)   However, a case could definitely be made that witness' credibility would be significantly impacted after a false accusation has been proven. So while the man who was falsely accused of said rape may not attempt to complete the act for which he was previously accused, as an act of vengeance or what not, other men would prone to such behaviour would see it as a "get out of jail free card" so to speak since, if they commit rape all their lawyer needs to say is, they lied before so they are lying now, probable cause and without substantial evidence and witness corroboration to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.   Women who falsely accuse men of rape and are found out, are now huge targets of uncaught rapists and should really think twice before committing such an act. There is such a thing as the boy who cried wolf as far as a jury is concerned.
0	The problem with the internet and text based communication is the lack of body language. When we communicate from person to person our body language can help convey the tone and meaning behind a message. With out that body language it can be very easy to confuse or misunderstand the intended message. This can get further complicated when trying to communicate with people who have a different first language. We already see an example of people trying to reduce the confusion by using the "/s" tag when they are intending to be sarcastic.   Delivery of a message is  very  important in text based communication to avoid confusion. I'd put the onus firmly on the person delivering the message to try make it as clear as possible to avoid any possible confusion.
1	Most AOE Comps are very reliant on thier ults (Ken, Galio, Mummy etc) So the goal is to fight them or make plays while thier ults are on cooldown. Janna works great against say a Ken because she can shoot him back and give your team the chance to disengage and reset the fight.
0	Ok, so here it goes.... OP get real, every day anyone decides to leave their house, they are in the public forum where they can be photographed in all aspects of their day. This includes, but is not limited to: being born (emergencies usually), picking their nose, loitering, being assaulted, being in a car accident, having a close call, making love, and gasp, even dying. Their are entire websites (best gore, I'm looking at you, and your friend, lovelydisgrace) that show even the most gruesome deaths caught on film. Go into the depths of the deep web, and there are things that will make even the most hardcore veteran of those and related sites vomit.   Honestly, I drove by a fatal accident on Friday, the pictures of it in the paper, didn't really do it justice, but if I was able, I would have taken pictures of it just so I could remember the destructive forces that ripped apart a Toyota Tundra in half. And let me tell you, it is nothing like the pictures IRL, as a former paramedic, you don't have the smells, the other visuals, while browsing and you are safe behind a keyboard.   Pictures of death are important. they record our history, both on a personal level and on a societal level. We document things like the Holocaust and the Rwanda genocide, soldiers of Gettysburg, we document the realities of war and the protests in the Ukraine. If we do not document this aspect of our lives, then we are missing part of it.
0	It's north of the Wall.   No, seriously. Some people have been saying it's El Nino; These people are wrong. We are actually experiencing a moderate La Nina year, which usually means a colder, wetter winter for North America. La Nina is producing shitty winter weather and using an atmospheric bridge to deposit it up north. However, unlike the past few years, we are experiencing a positive Arctic Oscillation. This means there's a wall of high pressure south of the Arctic Circle, accompanied by lower pressures in the Arctic. Winter isn't being pushed south very hard, and the southern weather is pushing up against cold, snowy weather harder than usual. So, winter is hanging out up north fucking over Alaska and the Canadian territories. Unfortunately, the Arctic Oscillation is fairly unpredictable, so we could get a sudden onslaught of winter at any time.
1	This is happening because your MMR (hidden elo) is too low compared to where you are division wise.   Your win/loss determines your MMR and yours is probably much lower than where you are right now. Therefore, the game is trying to make sure that you deserve to be promoted by making you win more games in order to start your promotion series.   I'm pretty positive in terms of win/loss so I gain 25-30 points every win and lose much less.   Even though it seems bad when you win 3-4 games and lose 1 only to lose all the LP you just gained, remember that your MMR always rises when you improve your win/loss. Later, if you manage to bring your MMR equal to or above your division, you'll start gaining a lot more points that you are now.
0	I certainly do respect combat veterans, they are braver than I.   But simply joining the military does not automatically grant you universal respect. My husbands cousin joined the army, went through basic training, jumped out of a few airplanes, and suddenly he's "fighting for our country." He's never seen a day of combat in his life, yet somehow he feels that he merits the respect of true veterans. He then had the audacity to say that if Obama is reelected he will move to Australia because he "refuses to fight for a liberal country." Nevermind the irony that Australia has socialized healthcare, a strong social safety net, and is quite liberal; but he really has the nerve to brag about protecting our freedom only to threaten to leave when Americans exercise that freedom in a way he may not agree with?  It's infuriating, and positively un-American. What ever happened to,  I may not agree with what you say, but I'll fight to the death to defend your right to say it.
1	i don't know what's wrong with your macbook but i have a 13" macbook pro from june 2011 running the official mac client, and the only reconnect/dc issues i've had were when i played on wifi with 3 people on the network at the same time. (bad idea, obviously, but supports my point)   my graphics are medium/low as well; no lowest.
1	start of season i got past gold in my first 10 games, i didn't want to play anymore and kept it. then i got bored and queued again, after 20 matches hit 1700. currently stuck 1800s ~200 ranked games played.
0	Let me tell you about the worst roommate I ever had.   We lived in an 8 bedroom house and one of us was going away to study abroad for a semester. I told the crew, "don't worry, I know someone who is transferring here next semester and can definitely take John's room.". I knew him as a friend of a friend and had hung out with him a bunch of times.   So we give him the room that happens to be connected to the living room. In a drunk rampage, somehow his door gets broken down (by him or some other drunk fuck that happened to visit my house, still not sure who did it). So you would think that if your door got broken down you would make some effort to fix it. Nope. He just placed it back in the frame and would have to push it out everyday to get out, and place it in the frame behind himself as he entered. It was pure comedy watching TV in the living room and watching him have to escape from his room each morning like he was in a cave. This was the first signs of what was to come.   So this kid had the nerve to not fix his door but then complained to us that stuff was missing from his room. BRO! If you don't want shit missing from your room maybe you should, I dunno, fix the goddamn door!   So now weeks go by and we notice a smell oozing out of his room/cave thing. He was just really dirty, smoked lots of cigarettes and since his door was always open the smell wafted into the living room. Kids were not happy.   Then one day this kid decides to look after his friends dog for a few hours. No big deal, nice dog, we like dogs but then the dog shits on the floor in this kids room. You would think that if a dog shit on the floor in your room, you would clean it right away. Nope. Let's it sit there for hours. HOURS! Keep in mind that he has no door so the whole living room smelled like shit.   The other 6 guys in the house had enough. When he went to the bar at night, they took out all the stuff from his room ( clothes, bed, everything) and put it outside. It was easy to get in cuz you know, no door.
0	No it's much more complicated than that. Let me explain the basics...     Cakeday and You!   Table of Contents     Intro - Cakeday and You   The Weekly Rule   What Do the Stars Have to Do with It?   The Percentage Rule   What  Exactly  Happens on Your Cakeday?   FAQs * Coming soon *     Chapter 1 - Intro Cakeday and You   What is a "cakeday" you may ask? A cakeday is a special day for every redditor. It is an opportunity for redditor to stash hoards of interweb points with little to no effort. It's your cakeday? Great take a post a picture of your cat,  BAM!  Front page. Okay great? So when is my cakeday? In order for your cakeday to happen there is a set of rules and conditions. Read more to have a better understanding of the mysterious and wonderful cakeday.   Chapter 2 - The Weekly rule   Your cakeday can be triggered every other Friday under  the  special conditions.   The conditions are     The fifth letter in Friday is an 'A'   The Friday lands in a even day if the month is odd or an odd day if the month is even   You have posted at least 9 pictures of your cat or 4 pictures in a gw subreddit   You have more than 1 comment karma   The MD5 Hash of your email is divisible by 81 after you change the letter into either their hex value or the number letter of the alphabet they are divided by 2 rounded to the nearest whole number.   Meet 2 or more of the following requirements         Thingy   Requirement           Posted or Commented   31 times       Secretly own a cumbox*   N/A       Gotten more downvotes than upvotes   Twice       Slept with your sister or broke both arms   Only on the weekends       Became an Internet Sensation   N/A       You Only Lived Once   Must report back       Is a bot   N/A       Gotten Gold   1       Given Gold   10       Don't need Karma   N/A       Own a dog   yes       Own a cat   yes       Get recommended by other redditors   3       Love reddit   Official Marriage Certificate       Interweb Champion   Must be awarded by a President or Monarch         Exceptions to the Friday rule     Monday   Tuesday   Wednesday   Thursday   Saturday   Sunday     Chapter 3 - What Do the Stars Have to Do with It?   As you may know the reddit mascot is an alien, as a result the stars have to do  A LOT  with cakeday. You may have completed what was stated in chapter 2 but if the stars are an inch away from where they are supposed to be you aren't going to get your glorious cakeday.   The following chart will help you determine of the positioning of the stars are okay and the type of post you are allowed to submit for your cakeday post.       Zodiac Name   Misc. Conditions   Post type           Aries   It must be a quarter moon today   You are allowed to submit a picture of your pet       Taurus   You must actually own a bull   You are allowed to submit a OMERGERD ITS MAH KERKDER post       Gemini   You have to be wearing a Yankee's cap   You are allowed to post Looksies it's my cakeday upvotes pls       Cancer   You must actually have cancer   You get to post whatever you want       Leo   You must own 12 2$ bills, for non-Americans own 2 of the rarest currency note available in your country   You can post a OMG my cakeday is almost over here's ___ post       Virgo   Must be female or a good looking male   You are allowed to post a gw post (pls)       Libra   You aren't required to do anything :D   You aren't allowed to post anything because you didn't notice it was your cakeday sorry :c better luck next time       Scorpio   You've had terrible luck today at least it's your cakeday   Anything that will only get 3 upvotes       Sagittarius   Must have a Good Guy Greg referring to you   Post anything without mentioning your cakeday       Capricorn   Lots of corn   Post a picture of your various cattle and corn crop       Aquarius   Your feeling hipster today   Post something nobody's done on a cakeday before       Pisces   Nobody likes you   Sorry ^but^it's^true^:c         In order for the above chart to be accurate you must*.   ^^* ^^if ^^you ^^reach ^^the ^^edge ^^continue ^^at ^^the ^^opposite ^^side     Flip a coin if it's heads move down 4 rows from your actual zodiac symbol, flip again.   For every heads you flipped add 6 to 98 divide that by 3 if it's even move up 8 rows.   Divide the day of the month by 3 round up and move that many spaces up in any direction   Roll a 6 white (only kind that works) sided die move that many spaces down, repeat 6 times     Chapter 4 - The Percentage Rule   If you followed all the directions above you could be close to your cakeday. The percentage rule states that for every other Friday that passes with the requirements met above you have a 25% chance of it being your cakeday. Every cakeday triggers a 9 month cooldown time and you cannot have another until it's over. The chance of having a cake day is also halved. For every even number of cakedays the chance increases by 2 (and is also halved).   Number of Cakedays|Percentage |---|--| 0|25 1|12.5 2|8.25 3|4.125 4|4.0625 5|2.03125 6|3.015625 7|1.5078125 8|2.75390625 ..20|3.01025390625   What  Exactly  Happens on Your Cakeday?   The first thing that you will notice is a message in your inbox from the admins letting you know that it's your cakeday and what you are allowed to submit as your cakeday post. You are to reply to the admins in a timely fashion. Failure to do so will result in no cakeday. Once you reply the admin they will give you the OK to submit your cakeday post. Your cakeday post will have the following benefits.     Every upvote counts as 1.1 upvotes instead of the usual 1   People will actually mostly care about you I think   Unicorns will fly out of your ass   The world will seem more magical   Your post will probably get more attention than it deserves   Some people will be assholes to you   Some people will still be assholes   You might get on the front page   You will get a cake indicator next to your name     FAQs   Coming soon.     ^^
0	I've given this alot of thought. My conclusion is that woman are alot like cats while men are more like dogs.  If you call to a cat, it will sit there out of reach, where you can see it, basking in the attention but never returning the affection. If however you begin to show affection to another cat, then the first cat will sprint over and suddenly act cute and lovable. A single woman similarly will bask in the attention of a potential suitor but will see no reason to reciprocate until that attention is focused on someone else. Then she feels deprived and has a need to win your approval.   Men and dogs on the other hand are quite different. If you try to call to one dog, announce that you might be willing to show affection, possibly, to one dog, every K9 within earshot will run to you with its tongue hanging out. You are suddenly so overwhelmed by dogs that you become jaded, cold, unfeeling. You become a cat.
1	And again riiiiiiiight over your head. He's pointing out how ops complaint is the exact same thing that was said time and time and time again for the buff timers. And how now people generally don't give a shit. How the game isn't ruined, noobs are still noobs, and better players continue to separate themselves. OP is clearly overreacting.
1	Personally I think that adding something like the madred's proc to a Spirit of the Spectral Wraith type item would completely break the item as a whole. Assuming you removed or lowered stats I think it would turn into the end all be all AP item that anyone with relative AP ration skills would buy. Same thing with adding the ward. Madred's offers you a little of everything that you're probably going to need, on top of a proc and a ward every 3 minutes. This is great for Melee (the intended buyer) champs.   Just to provide an example I'll use Xin Zhao. His overall build is actually quite costly, if you were to tack on the fact that he  should  be warding this can get expensive over the course of a game. In comparison AP champs aren't nearly as expensive as far as money invested -> immediate change. I buy a blasting wand and 2 wards on my Nunu and I've just spent as much as Xin needs to buy a Giants belt.
0	Why?  In what class is it acceptable to give answers based on outside information?   In a real life job, it doesn't fucking matter how you got the info, as long as you do it right. Math is NOT an assignature where you have to memorize stuff and follow your teacher like Moses received the ten fucking commandments. If your teacher does that, he's doing it WRONG.   Math works by rules, and methods have their reasons to be; verifiable reasons. For example, the "Factor passes to the other side of the equation by being divided" is just the consequence of dividing both sides of an equation by that number.
1	From a player from a dying game, I would say  as long as riot keeps promoting the competitive scene, and keeps the game competitive then this game will have a HUGE longevity. Riot ha the perfect formula for getting casual players to play their game and converting them into competitive players so they continue to play the game. I came from the competitive Halo community, which at the moment is practically dead (we would be lucky to get 6000 views for a tourney stream). And the only reason why Halo has been dying as a whole is bc it isn't as COMPETITIVE as they used to be. The devs of halo (343i) have been catering the game towards the casuals for the past 2 games. Which screws them bc sure the game will be popular for a week, but it went on a HUGE decline after that, solely bc there is no 'drive/competitiveness' in the game bc it IS to casual.
1	I've actually built this item against Elise few times and almost every time I end up playing Shyvana.   Against Elise I did because she was able to avoid my full burst as Talon and I would end up dying to her spiders mostly. Thus having the aoe melee damage, I could mop the floor with her spiders with few AAs on Elise itself. It felt good.   As for Shyvana, it's mostly the only AD item I ever build on her and usually Hydra upgrade comes later into the game. Rest of the items I go tanky and beefing up her, hydra alone gives her all the damage output she needs. Although it is sometimes a debate in SR to figure which way I should go first. Defensive or offensive...   What I'm curious though, is how this item works with Nasus. Haven't tried it myself, but I'm wondering if Q farms up from all the killed minions in it's active and whatnot.
0	It starts by being friendly. After, it's up to you if you want to know what she thinks.
0	We make everyone at work sign an agreement to not discuss wages as it can only ever lead to people being upset.   I have very mixed feelings about this.   I understand the "makes people upset" logic, but if you're not prepared to justify why X employee deserves more than Y employee, maybe the discrepancy isn't warranted.   As an employee, discovering a (perceived unjustified) pay discrepancy between yourself and a coworker is demoralizing and insulting. And ultimately, it feels like either favoritism of the other employee or corporate greed, like the company is trying to take advantage of you and avoid paying you what you're worth.   As a free speech scholar, the whole, "You're not allowed to talk about your pay" thing smacks of oppression -- the kind that was very prevalent during and after the industrial revolution, and that unions emerged to fix. Because losing a single employee is a lot less detrimental to a business than losing a paycheck is to a single worker, the business has a lot of leverage to bully workers into concessions like these.   As a former small business owner, though, I also know that it's often much more complex and pragmatic than that. Handing out a marginal wage increase for an employee is usually preferable to having to find, hire, and train someone new. Ultimately, when those pay increases should come is a judgment call, and there's usually not much info to go on (e.g., it's rare that employees come to you and say, "I've learned a lot recently, and I'm starting to feel underpaid in light of my expertise") Also, even if they don't quit, employees who feel underpaid often underperform, show up late / leave early (or call in sick more often), or even steal from work. But, if I had to choose between giving everyone a small pay bump and just hiring a new person, I guarantee that I'd be posting "Help Wanted" signs.   Plus, businesses really only exist in order to make money. When it comes to doing the same work, odds are that most of the work force isn't actually worth the increased wage. And when it comes to the balance sheet, past loyalty has zero present value: just because they've been there for years doesn't make one employee any more valuable than another. (Future loyalty, however, can be worth something.) In order to protect that future loyalty,  it's in the business's best interest to keep employees from having knowledge that they can use against it -- especially knowledge that would upset a large portion of the workforce.
0	Awesome story about my bike being stolen: The day following my bike being stolen, I saw it sitting on the balcony of an apartment building nearby.  At the time I was sitting in a food court and the guy sitting next to me was an odd-duty police officer.  I got up out of my seat and said "hey, that's my bike!" not knowing the cop was beside me.  That same police officer found my report and personally went to the guy's door to ask the guy about the bike and got it back for me!
1	To get new subs you really have to play extremely awesome and be relatively funny in your commenting while people are flooding in, otherwise it's human nature to just move on quickly if they aren't captivated
0	My mom bought an extremely expensive dress and brought it on vacation so she could wear it on one of the fancy dinner nights. A couple days in, she starts getting ready for the big fancy dinner night and once she's finally ready to put the dress on. She notices one of the security tags on the back of the dress, she then immediately starts to get SUPER pissed and yelling out numerous insults that she was going to say to the cashier once she got back home when she returned the dress. My dad trying to calm the thunderstorm tries to take off the security tag but never bothered to read he warning on it that read WARNING: Tampering or misuse of this tag will result in ink leaking! And BOOM all of this ink starts spewing on the dress which will probably be stained there forever. Not only is the vacation about 2 weeks longer which means the warranty will be out by then, have a huge stain on her dress, but she also has no other dress attire that will fit the dress code of he elegant night.
0	Got my wife's engagement ring there.My wife's mom passed away due to cancer but before she did, my wife and her looked at rings at Costco. They both liked a ring and my wife (then girlfriend) sent a photo to me by mistake in a text saying she loves it. I kept the photo and a year later went to Costco. The ring was gone. Heartbroken, I asked the manager there if he could track it down by a photo with a barely visible tag. After a month of searching, he found there were only 2 left. He had one overnighted (free) to my location. It was the exact same type and cut. I'll never not be a Costco member.
1	They have fun on their streams 14 hours a day, where they can do whatever they want.  They are in the finals of a major tournament that many teams were dying to get into, and they make a mockery of it by showing that they don't care at all.  They have plenty of fun all of the time.
1	If what yu're stating is true, you should play better than your opponents.... why are you still falling then? Possible reasons could be:     negativity. easily fixeable. Do not write a single thing in chat, besides your prefered role. everything else can be communicated through pings. If your team accuses you of something or flame, just ignore them. Do not say a thing.     Blaming your teammates for your losses. May not be a problem right now, but it will hinder your further improvement. I have had that problem in the past and by now i have changed from a "i have to win/climb" attitude to " i have to play well, i dont care if i win". That makes you focus more on your own play and you wont go on tilt because your teammates make a few mistakes.     Do not give up early. Let's be honest, we all suck. We all throw sometimes, but so do our enemies.... The opponents have a fed vayne? Every pro would hvae surrendered this game? Wait, what? She just tried to 1v5? They tried to fight 4v5 afterwards? gg wp we win. Everything is possible in silver.
1	4pm Pacific is already pretty early when it comes to an entertainment type of show...he probably lost a bunch of US viewers starting that early. 1 hour earlier and he'd hit prime east coast dinnertime.
1	You are supposed to feed the Riot troll homie.   Pay them their money for boosts and champions.   Thats why 99% of new champs are so overpowered and arent tweaked for at least a week or two... Need to make dat money.   Its also why dota/dota2/hon is so much more competitively viable. LoL is a game where inherently you are never ever ever ever at an Equal playing field with the competition. Not even at level 30 due to massive amount of rune combinations and champions you arent even allowed to play...   Just play paddy cake, hope your team can group, and Feed the Riot troll their Federal Reserve Notes.
1	Compared to popular tournament bruiser picks like Jax and Irelia he does not do shit in team fights. He can clear up well, if he gets in range to ult repeatedly. But then again Jax paired with your AD carry would've done the same without any problems whatsoever. Only that it would be a double kill for Jax and a triple kill for Vayne - for example.   His laning phase is pretty strong, but his Q harass forces him to push 24/7 and as a result he is one of the easiest gank targets in the game. No escape, no natural tankiness, always pushing. Ironically champions who outpush him and thereby outlevel him  him win lange against him very convincingly, because he can't win trades when he is a level behind. Think of Cho'gath and Yorick.   I am a bit sick of all these "ZOMFG DARIUS SO OP!"-posts, because he really isn't. People complain that his skill set is just perfect and way too strong. Perfect for what? No gap closer, very short ranged hook, mediocre slow, kill secure ability that will keep your AD carry from getting fed. The type of bruiser that has proven itself in high elo and tournament play and that is the most fitting for the current meta is an assassin type with natural tankiness a long ranged gap closer on a very short cooldown and some form of hard CC. Jax and Irelia are basically the perfect example. Darius is completely different and his skill set has way too many flaws to make him a popular tournament pick. He will remain a niche champion at high level play - just like Tryndamere. Once in a while we see a professional top laner pick him if the enemy team is lacking counter measures and then he will rape faces and get incredibly fed (Think of Rainman's Tryndamere at IPL and Kiev), but that's it. Darius roflstomps low and mid elo solo queue, maybe even lower platinum at times, but he will never be pick or ban at a major offline event.
0	This is misguided at best, and possibly harmful at worst. As others have said, while a proper diet and regular exercise may be healthiest, those within the grips of depression have particular trouble keeping up such habits. Medication can work wonders if prescribed properly. They surely aren't a panacea (we really don't have a solidly effective antidepressant that seems to work with many people), but they certainly should have much less stigma surrounding them (excluding the use of such drugs and Adderall, Ritalin, etc. for children).   For example, I've suffered with depression of varying severity for the past 7-8 years. Recently I began taking an SSRI in addition to regular talk therapy (which had been ongoing for months before the SSRI). With the introduction of the SSRI, suicidal ideation has all but disappeared. I still suffer from motivation problems and general depression from time to time, but a certain spiraling pathway of thought that had become increasingly common in the months leading up to the prescription of medicine was broken during inception. I'm talking about a gradual change (over first month or so of medication) from suicide being an all-absorbing presence looming behind my train of thought at any given moment, ready to hook into any negativity or self-perceived failure to... shit, I don't know, normal being? Literally night and day back to what I had hardly remembered from happier times years ago. Now I still have to keep myself mindful or else I end up continuing previous habits that tend to cause me stress (procrastination, especially), but the difference in stress and avoidant behavior now that I don't seem to have a sword hanging over my head constantly is profound. Additionally, I would've sought therapy (and medication) years before if not for internalized stigma about seeking help (for mental health and in general).
1	So true. Im at 1100 Elo, my highest being 1368, but I believe my mechanical skills are atleast on par with ~1400-1500 mainly for that reason; so many bad players gets carried up into medium Elo in their placement matches, so I dont believe my 1500 opponents/teammates would be much better than my current... I am only 37w/40l in ranked so far, and I see many people being 10-5 and in 1400 Elo cause they got lucky their first batch of games.   When my team is bad, its hard for me to be good, since I obviously cant 1v5 ppl. But when my team us good, I just play that much better, even in a solo lane. No matter how shallow it may seem, I want to look like a good player. That is the only reason I still play ranked at these retarded Elos. 4 out of 5 games is a struggle and hardfought victory, and 1 out of the 5 is a total roflstomp, mainly caused by OMFG NUB I AFK FEEWDZ people who give up after First Blood.
0	What I heard here... You don't care what the posted speed is and can't be bothered to slow down for 1/4 mile of road.  The likelihood you were only going 45 in the 45 zone is very low, considering your opening statement was that an increase of more than 25% the posted speed is "pretty close".   You see the local cops as greedy, quota-chasing bastards for sitting in an area that decreases the speed limit for no reason.   What if I told you that the police department doesn't control the speed limits... anywhere.  City council, DoT, etc. all have control over that.  Cops only enforce the rules that are there.  If you are exceeding the speed limit (and given we are talking city streets here, not highway) by 10 or more MPH, you should be given a ticket.   The fact that you can safely drive in a straight line at 45 instead of 35 in a 35 is irrelevant.  The speed is posted at 35, there are other factors on the road beside you.  Kid runs out on the street in front of you.  Traveling 45 in a 35 increases the killing power of your vehicle (more speed, more energy), decreases the amount of time you have to react, increases your stopping distance, all of this by factors of 25% or more based on that "pretty close" speed increase.
1	I don't see him a lot, but the new Xin is pretty beastly as a jungle.  His kit is very similar to Lee Sin-- no escapes, but with better CC, which I think translates to better early game ganks, as well as a less punishing late game if he fails to snowball.   I also think Rammus and Warwick jungles have a lot more viability than people give them credit for.  I think Rammus has much stronger bot lane ganks than most junglers-- he can, to an extent, ignore wards and go in hot, and having a lot of CC is very good when you have two people to help deal the damage.  Warwick has some definite weaknesses, but on the other side of the coin he has  a lot  of flexibility in terms of his build path.  He doesn't need farm-- his ult is always useful, his W is a pretty big team AS steroid, and his Q scales based on the target's health.  He needs to buy something early to improve his clear time, but otherwise can build virtually anything, from full support to heavy ganker, and that range translates to strength in the hands of a smart player.
1	First and foremost, I think an important factor is that you have to be  okay  with losing and accepting that losing  is  a very probable outcome. Then, you should aim at having fun and keeping a positive attitude throughout every match - just ignore the ragers (as in, press Tab and ignore them).   If you get in a game stressed and feeling pressured to win, there's also a chance you'll perform poorly because you're putting too much pressure of yourself.
0	Yeah, as awkward as the "what are we?" conversation is, it's pretty necessary because everyone has different definitions of what dating consists of.  I've hung out every day and held hands with people I was only casually hooking up with, and dated people who I saw maybe once a week and who would sooner push me in traffic than show anything resembling PDA.  You know how I knew the difference?  Because we talked about that shit.
1	I didn't think ping matter that much when the differences were so small.  I also felt the same way about FPS.   I played all of last season, and most of this season (Until around mid-June) on 100 Ping (Louisiana) and 30 FPS.  I was floundering around in Silver, bouncing between Silver 1 around 50% win rate.  I hit a point in Mid June where my ping was regularly at 180 and still 30 FPS.  I dropped back to Silver III and basically gave up on ranked until I bought a new router.   New router, dropped me to 77 Ping, where I remain, and I jumped to Silver I again.  I then cleaned my computer and set game settings to absolute lowest settings (Except sound) and gained 50 FPS.   With 77 Ping and 80 FPS my play improved CONSIDERABLY.  I was able to dodge more skill shots, my last hitting wildly improved, and my ability to team fight improved considerably.  I quickly jumped to Gold V, where I still am currently.   If my Ping went down to sub 30, I could probably climb Gold.
0	I think I have you beat. While I was dating my then girlfriend now wife her and I decided to fool around in her room (she lived with her mother at the time). We get down to business and she rolls over to her side and eventually achieve desired insertion. Maybe about a minute after insertion, mid hump, her mother busts in the room yelling at us for taking a nap. I sat there looking her mother dead in the eyes while I was inside her daughter agreeing with her that yes it was too early in the day for a nap, yes I would be getting up momentarily.   The only thing that kept her mother from finding us out was the fact that we were doing it from the side and had blankets covering us, so to someone who didn't know what we were doing it looked like we were spooning.
1	Damn, it seems like Riot has no idea how to name the new support items. Let me help:   Transmutation/Scavenger passive:     Ancient Coin (I agree that Pebble sounded just stupid)     Philosopher's Stone (This is a landmark name and there is no reason to change it. The item does roughly the same as what it used to do)     Shurelya's Reverie (Likewise, plus Shurelya deserves to keep her name on the item and I couldn't stand her losing it while the Chalice of Discord remains a tribute to a jerk whose name shall be forgotten)       Execute passive:     Emblem of Zeonia (keeps the "emblem" part that everybody associates with hp regen)     Shield of the Rakkor (I prefer the first one as it keeps the lore part) OR, if you want the community to explode from joy,  HEART OF GOLD     Martyr's Call (going back to the orignal name, as it perfectly describes what the item does).       IMO what those items could use a little bit of is Rejunevation Bead (for Shield of Rakkor) / Faerie Charm (Philosopher's Stone, Kage's Lucky Pick) in their recipes for the 2nd tier, allowing for some sort of item buildup after unplanned early trip back.
1	there's no way to verify that somebody creating an account is a minor or not, plain and simple. Despite the fact that I disagree with this policy, it wouldn't be possible to enforce it or check it. I can't remember if a date of birth was asked when creating a LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine) but even so, whoever's below 18 (assuming that this policy is in place) would just change his year of birth.
1	Makes me even more mad that she was under 50% when her nerfs we're made. And she wasn't constantly picked at the pro level either. Often they nerf low winrate champs because of pros, but not Vi. They nerfed her even with bad winrate and little pro use. Such a shame.
1	I love how this works. People complain that there's such a small champion pool then complain when the OP junglers are nerfed. Let's be real, junglers have the most overall effect on the game in this season and junglers like Pantheon, Lee, Elise, and Kha all have the potential to break a game by themselves. No lane has that kind of power, with the closest being mid.   I'm a jungler main and while I'm annoyed with the nerfs, Elise, Eve, and Kha are all still really strong and completely playable, this just gives room for weaker early junglers like Amumu, Naut, and Sejuani to get some play.
1	1) My biggest pet peeve HAS to be when someone does terrible (enemy or ally) and they blame their team. examples: "Maybe if [jungler] ganked more, id do better"  "Gg bot fed thats why i went 0/10" "Support didnt shield me wtf"   I mean, take responsibility for yourself. It's no ones job to baby sit you, don't play game if you can't lane without being babysat. I pretty much only go mid lane, and I usually do really well without junglers help, so when enemy mid laner blames their jungler for why they did bad themselves, it pisses me off.   2) I also hate assholes on that game in general. Work with your team, dont insult them and throw the game because they gave a few kills.   and 3) when you CALL A ROLE IN TEAM SELECT AND SOMEONE INSTALOCKS IT ANYWAY AND SAYS "TOO BAD"
0	Euro-Socialism works because everybody takes part in it. Being against public healthcare because the majority of people can afford it anyway is dangerously ignorant egoism.
0	Your ex is your ex, if you're trying to make a statement to your current girlfriend on how you don't care than don't do anything more. Yes, your ex is a bitch for doing that. You on the other hand shouldn't focus on that and instead realize creating a bigger issue will just lead to more drama which, I'm going on a limb, I'll assume neither you or your girlfriend want.
0	There is a whole development on this that you should read. I think it is called the "eagles Conspiracy".
1	This is probably going to be buried but here goes...   I'm going to draw a comparison here between e-sports and 'real' sports.  In real sports, teams are comprised mostly by athletes who exhibit the adequate physiques/reflexes/conditioning required of the sport.  Most of the actual strategy of the team is drawn up by coaches and other technical staff.  Sometimes there are players capable of innovation during gameplay but these aren't nearly as common, in my opinion.  FOR THE MOST PART, professional athletes are professional because they exhibit the necessary physical and neurological makeups to succeed, and not because they are tactical geniuses.   I think it's time that this should be taken into account for e-sports, as well.  In LoL, there are a great many players who are very mechanically gifted and are able to consistently perform in solo queue ranked, which let's face it, is no more than a measure of one's mechanical skill for the most part.  I DO ACKNOWLEDGE EXCEPTIONS TO THE RULE.  However, as seen in the growing competitive landscape being laid out, mechanics alone do not win games.  At the top top level, all players have good mechanics.  Winning is now down to strategy/psychology and things of that nature.  I feel that a lot of the teams in the NA scene, including TSM, are just teams made up of high level solo queue players with good mechanics but that lack any actual ability to theorize and innovate at a high level.  Also, I've noticed a sort of hubris about the e-sports/LoL scene that suggests that only former/current top players of the game in question are fit to coach and strategize and what not.  I wholeheartedly disagree.  How many coaches in professional sports are former top players?  VERY VERY VERY FEW.  Just as there are some people who are masters of mechanics in games like LoL, there are also people who lack those abilities but can theorycraft like a boss.   So, do TSM need a coach?  Almost certainly, though not just one to improve their discipline.  I think it'd befit most teams to have non playing members included as part of the official 'roster' that are constantly theorizing and predicting and innovating the style of play, working with the players at the same time to test viability and practicality.  This alone would be a huge boost to the quality of gameplay, in my opinion.  I also think that it would help with the stagnation of certain strategies.  If each pro team has their own miniteam within a team of people constantly devising new ways to play, wouldn't the game grow and change and become deeper at a much more enjoyable pace?
0	Another time and place, my shop chief in a missile shop sent me on a chore with two female airmen ( literally lowest rank there is and still recovering from boot & ATC ).  At the time I was ~220lbs of muscle while the two airmen were maybe half of me in size.    We were sent to McDonalds to buy ~180$ of stuff for the shop as a reward to the entire staff as we just got news that we had received our third "outstanding unit" award in a row.   This was in Japan, so when we got to McDonalds, after some communication issues, the orders were set.  Freakishly, 15 minutes later our order was splayed out on the counter and before we started carting it back to the truck, the clerk asked "Is this for here or to go?"
0	Not quite. Disagreements/"being thrown out" with parents is not enough to overturn dependency for federal aid purposes. You have to prove full abandonment through extensive documentation/letters from professionals/etc. if your parents have paid even a single bill or health insurance for you any time in the past year or two, you'll still have to provide their information to get aid.
1	A champion based on punishing mobility.   i.e Ult creates an area. People who move in that are or use mobility skills get stacks based on units moved. When the timer runs out or the user chooses to end the effect, enemies are dealt dmg based on the number of stacks.   You could add even more depth by adding a skill to the kit that actually buffs an enemy. For example hit the enemy adc with your ability, he gets increased movement speed but if he's in your ult he now has to decide whether to use the extra mobility to dodge dmg from other sources or try to minimize the dmg he recieves from your ult by moving as little as possible.
0	My level of respect, in an increasing order: Doctor, Fireman, Soldier. The doctor may save lives daily, but at the end of the day, he goes home to a nice house to sleep. The fireman, being the first in my list to actually be putting his "life on the line" deserves respect on par with a Police officer. He or she will most likely return home at the end of the day. The soldier deserves the utmost respect. Not only does he combine ALL of the aspects that earn each of these characters their individual respect, but he calls a foreign land, in barracks, if he is lucky enough to get through the day. This is the ultimate sacrifice, willing to give up most luxuries and safeties of his homeland, to fight his country's battle half way across the world. Without the soldier, there would be no fireman, there would be no medic.
0	I feel like places like Petsmart are at least legitimately raising money because they care. Mostly due to the fact that Petsmart Charities is their own nonprofit organization that reports where all their money goes on their website. The places that change their charity of choice each week seem like they are just grasping at humanity's heartstrings to make themselves look better.  To my understanding, it is just a changing of hands. Most people do not know or care enough to be like "I want to donate a buck to help kids with cancer! Let me research." so,  it is better for the nonprofits to be able to get a big business behind them to spread the word. The business gets the "Aww that's nice"  good vibes from the customer for offering to help broadcast the cause on behalf of the cancer ridden children as a kickback.
1	I said it the first time I saw him and here is my rant:   Thresh is the most retarded support in any moba history . It seem that Riot doesn't nerf thresh simply because of the "youtube highlights."   RANGE 450  Free trades   Passive : souls give you armor + ap... wtf ?!   Q. does tons of damage, CC you to death (2s CC + zero escape). Have the most retarded cooldown (7sec). On top of a gab closer even if you cleanse the hook he still can gap close you.   W. What can I say about this ... free escape in any type of situation + shields you   E. Flay , tons of damage, cock block everything   R. The most retarded % of slowdown ive seen + 5 times, tons of damage.   So.. you hook, you jump on the guy, Ult and flay... and there is nothing you can do about it and u can peel your adc like pumpkin!!!!   Do not tell me you are good with thresh, Thresh King, Thresh God, Thresh Small Baby Jesus.   Now before you say: omg you QQ so much     We nerf all mobility, all high CC. Yet this champion is free.     Oh and btw... he is pick %40 of the time... why do you think people pick him ? This champion is simply overpower in every single way. Same with Cait 9000 attack range with an super high escape and a Q that is hard to dodge.     Blitz also have a grab ...easy to tell when he will grab, 2 grabs your OOM, you fail grab ... you throw the game, Ezreal E can jump away from it, You can flash away from blitz after the grab.     Thresh simply have no rules. Hell even if he hook you and he die at the same time ... you are still hooked.
0	Slightly related: I was canoeing and camping with some friends, and when we had to portage (carry canoes on our heads over dry land to get to the next lake) I was struggling. It was steep and crazy humid. My friend was partnered with her boyfriend, and I was partnered with the guy I liked. We were a little behind them, and she called out "Lovesgnomes, you're awful quiet! Why don't you talk to make the time go by quicker?"   Not only was she pointing out the awkward silence between my crush and I, but I had to wheezeshout "Im just trying to concentrate on my footing!" and it was embarrassing.   A couple minutes later, she called out again "Lovesgnomes, why don't you tell me what you're most excited for this week?"   I snapped. "If I wanted to talk, I'd be talking!" and she responded with "I was only trying to help."   So, not only was I rude to my friend, but I also looked like a jerk in front of my guy friends.   Not really related, but it kinda is.
0	I feel like I should impart some wisdom to maybe my peers and to those in college now. Like you, I still look for that dream job that I want. However I can't stress enough that while college is still super important for learning how to think in different ways and problem solve. However that cliché line "Its not what you know, its who you know" well its true but its also "Its not what you know, its what you do".   Story time!   After doing an internship in D.C and graduating with a B.A in Political Science, I sought out an internship in a local congressional officer. I did this for two reasons: 1) Mostly to learn more about the politics at the local level and get some more real world experience. 2) I interned for a organization that plays a big role in finance....this was in 2008...I was graduating in the spring of 09...I knew I was in trouble.   So here I interned for close to a year, free internship, and getting to know the ropes of how a local congressional works and getting a good feel of my district. I lucked out and the congressman was also the same party I belonged to. Some time passes and I'm asked to help with a local campaign. It was only for a week or so (it was October) but I kind of gained insight on what you need to run a election. More time passes and my internship ends, but I am asked to help with the congressman's reelection campaign. So here I am knocking on doors (getting paid), and in general just getting tons of experience. He loses unfortunately and latter drops from politics for reasons I won't discuss. In any case, what I thought would be a ticket to some type of future, just dematerialized.   I was bummed, and despite my experiences they didn't seem to matter. No one was clamoring for the young guy who had experience. I went into the cycle of looking at postings, and then a few less, eventually just stopping altogether just because it would make me so depressed. Trying to get back to D.C somehow or maybe even just going in a different direction like teaching English in another country, anything to fill this void in my soul. I started working at a job I hated, none of my skills or experiences mattered, I felt like a failure, that I let myself, friends, and family down. Here I thought I would be making a nice salary at a job and having to worry about "golden handcuffs", instead I was worrying if I was going to get enough sleep after working late hours. I was like this for almost 2 years.   After deciding to start losing weight on the body I was neglecting (still fat, just less of me), I saw a e-mail for a small political party convention. Normally I looked at these with disdain. However I decided that I needed to take hold of my destiny, and with a governors election taking place, I thought now is my chance. So I went and was probably the only one under the age of 50, and towards the end of the event I approached the party chairman, told him about my past experiences and how I wanted to help. After hearing where I was from, it turned out that there was no candidate running for office. He asked me "would you like to run for office?", and I gave a most resounding "Umm...sure why not"   I will spare the details, as this is getting long, but for the next six months I   campaigned pretty much every day. On my days off, before work, I was determined to win this thing. Then came the big night I was working for, we started counting the votes and...I lost.   I wasn't too disappointed however, mostly because I had a panic attack/ stressed myself out a week earlier, so it was out of my system. We came close, closer then my party has in about 15 years. Most of all, thousands of people looked at me and said "That's the guy we want" All the thing I had done had lead up to this point. My degree, my experiences, the people I talked to, allowed me to do this. Most of all, people are asking me "When are you running again?" You see, it was me who got me to this point, that at the age of 27, just ran a competitive race, that has never been seen in my area. I also learned that it was me holding me back, that I allowed myself to doubt my abilities.   I suppose the message in all of this is: College is just another stepping stone, it's up to you if you move forward.
0	This didn't happen. Editors work in editing bays with multiple people in them and they constantly have producers walking in and out of their bays to review the edited footage. A show as big as this one would have a full editing staff working 12 hour shifts as they pump out the footage into coherent episodes for a full season.   OP is also unable to steal the footage because once the film has been shot, it is collected, tagged and organized by a media manager. The media manager then drops off the footage to the editing bays for editing.   Also, any footage pixelation would be completed once the episodes had been laid out in the editing bays. So he would have days, if not weeks, to review footage before it is pixelated. Production companies aren't going to waste valuable time pixelating every single second of video when they need to be building the footage into episodes.
0	Indeed. It's a brilliantly designed language. If I remember correctly, in the 1400s a King wanted his people to all be literate, so he assembled scholars to create a new written language, instead of continuing to use the Chinese written language.
0	Dear OP,   I do not celebrate my birthday. I do not  like  celebrating my birthday. I don't celebrate it with my family, and they have the decency to not force cake and ice cream on me, a diabetic guy, to celebrate something I do not wish to celebrate.   So, what makes  you  feel so entitled?
1	I would like if RIOT implemented a more open freegames Mod with more parameters. If you open up a Custom Game you can choose with     which level you start     how much starting gold     with minions or without (for catch the teemo or "Run in the Base" games)     with or without Buffs or Jungle Camps     A Deathmatch would be awesome - you spawn somewhere in the Jungle with starting items and run around killing all of the enemies (all 9 of them)     Tower aggro on or off     Fog of war - on or off
1	That's why you start at Bots games and work your way up.  You get familiar with the mechanics of the game and eventually progress to normal games.  If 90% of  every  game you're playing has an AFK, rager, or smurf, then you're just unlucky.  The bad ones usually happen in 3/10, 4/10 at most.  Otherwise, how could we have so many people bitching about the community?   I don't mean to sound like a prick, but the best thing to do if you have an asshole on your team is to just mute them.  If they've been doing nothing but flame at you the whole game, they obviously have nothing constructive to say so you're not going to miss much by muting them.
1	Athene hasn't harmed anyone"   Yes he has, between the verbal abuse, wasted time, and damaging their elo ratings, padding his elo with paid dodgers and game throwers.....he has harmed plenty of people.   Being verbally toxic IS harming people, its detracting from their gaming experience.   To be an ACTOR one needs to take part of a group where all participants agree to the act. Anything less? And you are just being an asshole under a guise.   Doing all the good in the world does not excuse the wrong and bad you do. Can I donate for charity and rape people at the same time and still be a good person?   I don't hate his "persona", I hate him personally because he is that screwed up to take on such a persona and its not all acting. Not everyone he "acts" with agrees to take part, its forced on them..and that makes you a bigger asshole than the person you are pretending to be.  He is not a good person by nature, he is a bully that figured out how to scapegoat the system, and you ate it up like a fat kid at a chocolate factory.   It takes a very screwed up person to be ok with acting like he does towards other people, when they don't agree to the act.
0	Yep, there are actually no noticeable side effects associated with vasectomies other than a slight increase in testosterone production. A very small percentage of men will suffer some long term pain and discomfort due to the sperm relocating in the epididymis but even then it generally works itself out.
1	I have a problem with last hitting, when i play a mid like ziggs or any other champion that has some aoe wave clear i tend to CS very well (10 cs in 1 minute) but when i play an ADC that only has single targeted i just really suck and have like 60 CS at 11 or 12 minutes. i've tried to only last hit in bot games or costums but i don't really seem to improve.
1	Don't know why this man is getting down voted. Must be the fan boys i guess.   On a serious note, the problem is chauster and hotshots (or the teams) passive play style. As soon as one of them get behind they are irrelevant the rest of the game. Look at the TSM game, hotshot didn't learn from his mistake and chauster had like 50 cs  and barely any assists. On top of that link had more health than him 20 minutes in.   Link and DL have shown that they can hold their own. I'm not hating on hotshot, he is a great player but farming until 40minutes isn't possible anymore. If they don't adapt hotshot needs to seriously consider benching himself.   In regards to Link, he is a fabulous player (maybe not jiji's yet). The problem is he is relatively new scene but that is also his strength because he puts off a more innovative vibe.
1	Her early laning phase phase makes her dominant against most champions, however if you try to do her e-q or w-e-q combo you tend to run oom pretty quickly. Your autos do surprising dmg, be aware that minions can block pix dmg, which is like 30% of it. Applying pix to enemy champions then doing q doesn't always guarantee a hit. If the enemy is moving erratically, it can miss since q comes from pix. If you apply pix, pix dmg is guaranteed, so patience with q is necessary. I tend to find that a mag pen build with mana on the side allows you stay in fights longer. You become more of a threat the better your team is doing, due to bonus hp and effects from ult.
1	Aram mode is just purely dependant on luck   F.e. u Can Show skill as a Support Main with a Support champ , your skill in 1v1 is declared whether you or the opponent, the Person who wins must be the more skilled one.   So 1v1 does Show skill but Not in the way everyone thinks.
1	guys guys guys...hear me out. this worry me A LOT. lets review what the issues are about this 3-country-event that for the love of RITO is really^3^x risky.     3 countries = 3 go for your VISA     we already know what happened to gambit. and how many weeks would it take after ALL TOURNAMENTS are over? by then we will know who will represent KR, SEA, CH, EU, NA... but is it enough time for the winners to apply for their visa and be given a GO? (to all who says "NBA isn't hosted in just one state", you dont need a VISA to go from state to state)     coordination and expected live viewers     lets be honest, how many percent of people will be willing to fly to 3 countries, book for a hotel on each countries, just to watch the groups? would it be wiser if it was just held in one place, to offer more security and save time/money for their prospect live viewers from other country to watch all the event? is it really wise to divide the expected numbers of audience to 3 places? what if you have a bracket of teams that are so weak? would people still want to spend money to go and watch that? and also, will the teams in the bracket be announced weeks before the actual games?     korean community     in my opinion, it is such a disrespect to all KR summoners to be let-down like this. most will agree that we see KR as the mecha of competitive PC gaming. they were promised a chance to host a world tournament, but instead they will only see a few teams who will play. what if the foreign teams that they are looking forward to meet gets ousted in the group stage? they wont have a chance to meet them before then. not only do they have issues with the city(mayor) that will hold the Finals, but they are also awarded with the last few games which, so very likely, a match between korean teams aswell! they already saw them a couple of times, would they still want to watch a re-enactment of their own OGN finals?     bad PR, bad management     a lot has been said, but i'll add this to the list of all the things people are saying about Riot's PR and management problems. the stadium can accommodate 60~70k people. the problem is, they already decided their expected live viewers to 3 separate countries. what are the chances that those same numbers who will go to the separate location will combine to fill up the 60k+ seats for the finals? add to that, the threat of boycotting from the possible KR viewers. i dont blame them. i'd be pissed too if i were them.
1	For the most part I will do that, I constantly make a =/ when I accidently KS (I'm most often support) or when I do something stupid. Its just those comments that are out of the blue, that don't serve much perpos(i cant spell and no spell check ._.) then to just upset people that get me.   If I am in a game with a champ that I am learning, and I am trying (ex Nami trying to poke with her Q) and then someone makes a rude and unneeded comment like "Stop missing your Q's" that kinda upset me. (mind you this happened and it was on a level 15-16 account). If I was on my main account and did something stupid and people were upset I could understand (like I steal blue as support or I miss a shield and shield a creep instead of ADC and they die) but something so small to comment on... But that doesn't really happen, and if it does people dont comment on it (on my main account)
0	The social reason is that these people are detached from society and a number of there needs are not being met. They stop caring for others the same way etc. This is why this shit happens less in collectivist cultures than our individualist western way. Realistically this is the theory that stats back up when you look at how low murder rates are in Japan by comparison. Yes if anyone reads I KNOW there's dozens of social reason but this is a short really simple fucking explanation so fuck you any smart-ass comments.   The psychological reasons, well take your pick, anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy, sociopath. A number of these people can have serious mental problems - but not every mental case is a murderer, most aren't (although psychopaths and anti-social personality diagnosis requires that you have a criminal history)   Honestly man I was tempted to cite some textbooks and shit here but there is 330M people in the damn country. Yes some are going to be spree killers and mass murders, guess what, not enough of them to be alarming. The chance your going to get gunned down in a school shooting is less than your going to win a lottery. The bigger concern should be the amount of public fear generated by this shit. People twist the media to make laws and sell papers; these shootings immediately became an issue for lobbyists than the families from shooting like Sandy Hook, well meh.
1	You're taking what I said and making it sound black and white. Of course taking some steps to learn builds, meta, and overall flow of the game is needed all of which can be studied through videos and streams. Normal gives you little to go off of. AI teaches you how to play your champ and helps you calculate damage output of whatever you are playing. Although in normals you play against players who may have various play styles I have seen players who mainly play AI get the best of players who have over 1k games in normals. That being said, it might have to do with the fact that some people who play AI just push and exploit the fact that bots can't do certain things to get fed while others spend time practicing mechanics/champions within a stress free environment.  If this was me beginning of last year I would tell you bots offer you little, but after playing with many players who play bots I have come to the conclusion they honestly give you a better foundation for new players. You can learn and play the game at your own pace without teammate confrontations. I have been playing since Season 1 and lately I have been playing lots of AI or Ranked. I'm gold on 2 smurfs and was Plat 1 last season.
1	These are one of the worst tips I've ever seen in reddit. By all means, they are accurate, but they teach you nothing.   Idea of playing rankeds is to improve your own skills   All you are assuming is minimalizing random event and influence of your own teammates. Its a very bad habit, which eventually wont bring you far away.   In my opinion don't do that, what op stated. Try to have a strategic point ingame in every circumstances instead of getting the most proficient scenario.   You may ask 'why'?  Because on higher parts of Diamond you will encounter more orthodox picks than you have ever seen and either two things will happen:     your bad habits from what op stated will make you mad, because you cant 'outdodge' that ap cho mid etc.   you will start falling with ranks, because you can't adapt to diamond "trolling" (where by trolling I mean, we dont give that much of attention to ranks)
1	And see that's not necessarily true. You're talking about an all or nothing definition of pay to win where as the post I originally responded to was talking about a varying level pay to win so the posters definition that I commented on is my definition not yours.   Yes there are straight pay to win games. But there are also varying levels of pay to win. For instance, Conquer online. It's a game where yes you can obtain absolutely everything if you grind hard enough, however, a lot of the player base stopped playing it when they felt it became very P2W as they introduced a system where the most valuable items could be bought with real money, items that were theoretically possible to create but only a rare few had done it because the grind for them would be incredible.   So yes, LoL is very low on the P2W spectrum at almost free considering buying extra runepages only give you an advantage if you know how to use them, however, it still presents a distinct advantage and is thus MORE P2W then DoTA2 which is completely free.
1	with 30 stacks FF does 55 magic damage on hit to champions, and can continue to scale up. if you consider the on hit as AD that is quite a bit of AD and it even scales up. IF the enemy has 100 MR they have 50% magic damage reduction, so that 55 becomes 27.   Include feral flares base AD of 12, that makes 39 points of damage. (not reducing AD value by armor.)   while last whisper has 40 AD, for 40 points of damage. and allows you to hit that 40 more efficiently through enemy armor.   Feral flare scales better the lower the enemy MR as a substitute for AD. and of course with extra stacks. not to mention 30 stacks is like 165 damage per hit on monsters...which is amazing.
0	Okay so this is a bit of a long story, so I'm going to try and do the entire thing as quickly as possible.   My roommate (I'm going to call them by numbers ) 1 gets a job and meets her as she is his bosses daughter. She gets 1's number off her dad and texts him. They start hanging out, blah blah blah, relationship for 8 months. He's not really that into her anymore, they break up. He took her virginity during the relationship.   Fast forward, 1 and I get a new place with three new roommates. She has a party and invites us. 1, 2, 3 and myself go, but 4 doesn't for whatever reason. She's hitting on 2 all night, sitting in his lap, arms around him, just being a total flirt and hanging off of him. She offers for him to stay in her bed that night. They have sex.   Later on, she tells me that 2 raped her. To spare the details of this, I don't believe her, but it took me a while to try to rationalize everything.   Fast forward another month, it's Halloween, she invites 1, 3 and I to a Halloween party. 3 is in the application process and is about to be hired at the same place as 1, so his boss will soon be her dad. She hits on 3 and hangs off of him all night the same way she did with 2, and then goes back to our place with him. They have sex. I know because I went to the kitchen to get water and heard that shit. Blegh.   3 tells her he doesn't want to keep a relationship going because he doesn't feel comfortable dating his bosses daughter. She takes it as "I slept with you so I could get a good word in with your dad from you". She now hates all my roommates, and has slept with all of them, and I say slept with because, despite her rape claim, less than a month later she used the same behaviour to seduce another roommate of mine and apparently was not at all traumatized by the "rape" which sound uncharacteristic.   Now, about a year later, I'm still friends with her. I meet her new roommate while I'm in a relationship, but after the relationship I start seeing her roommate at the bar more often. We start hanging out, I've spent the night there a few times but due to me being sober, and her drunk, I didn't feel like making a move. I'm also the type of person who likes to take things slow, to further explain my behaviour. Regardless, she is still really flirty and is texting/snapchatting me etc. So I text her while at work one night to see if she wants to go on a date. She tells her roommate I asked her before she replied and gets in the shower. With no response from the roommate, my "friend" starts bitching me out for asking out her roommate over text.   I decided to just say fuck it with the whole situation, so when the roommate said she'd love to go on the date, I cancelled it.
1	How about fuck off?   Burn them when your team finishes 4th in NA regonals   I wont go into the collusion as I do not know all the facts however I do know they got there by being better then the other teams, and the consistantly finish 4th or 5th, there not tsm yet. But saying they cant win unless they cheat is just downright wrong
1	For me playing League has lately become more of a nuisance, while still having enjoyable moments. So to aid with my mindset I have started to do some rituals before every game. While in Loading Screen i get to do the things in need to prepare my game, i make sure to have water accessible (nothing fancy as softdrinks, while on the computer often you don't notice how much you're drinking/eating, so water is the healthiest[there was a time i drank about 1 litre of coke during a ranked]), then i do Push-ups, i started with 5 (i was really living unhealthy), now i am up to 80 on lon loading screens. To me it also helps opening a window from loading screen til first recall, fresh air helps you think faster. The rest are all small things: Is the seat the right height, are you hungry, are you exhausted from something.
1	Ap Trynd Has no Bonus armor until zhonya + No bonus MR, His only laning harras is E + AA. If Avoided any high burst champion with a built in sustain can beat Trynd, Like Kha'zix, Renekton, Rengar or even Olaf. I would say Darius can also beat him since his harras is good, but his Ult would be countered.   An AP Champ like Singed would consider this an easy lane, If Trynd decided to trade all singed would do is to continue on trailing his poison and fling ONLY when HE wants to,  An AP tank like Swain would feast on trynd after 6, Since Trynd has to get close and Swain Should Predict Trynd's movement to land his W, And if Trynd gets too close, E + Q + Ult will finish Trynd.   AP Trynd relays on Items, Yes he does have a huge amount of AP in the beginning but if he is zoned from CSing he is screwed in the late game.   Going full AP Trynd is making it work, But he is squishy and can be dealt with like the normal AD trynd, But AD trynd usually builds a BT (Lifesteal) making him a bit hard to kill after ult sometimes, AP trynd if focused by a bruiser in Team fights he should be nulled in a normal game.   Those are my thoughts, I'm trying to be helpful ^^ If I'm wrong it's ok I tried
1	On my main account i never got a warning or anything. However on my smurf where i only play botgames till Level 30 I recently received a warning for negative Attitude or something like that. Funny thing is that I tend to hard carry the game and get a lot of "KS" and "Don't end!" thrown at me. Second I like to to talk about item builds. Item builds at low level are sometimes surprising. I usually recommend something and receive "Don't tell me how to do xy". I usually shrug it off. Apparently they don't. I don't think I'll ever be banned/restricted because I'll be out of <30 soon but I learned that new players are easily offended. Probably because they haven't met too many helpful smurfs but a lot of flamers.
1	But unlocking every champ in the game isnt the goal of the game, at least I never viewed it as such. I play for a little over a year now, I have 6 runepages, all runes possible for midlane (even scaling cdr and hybridpen, like everything) and I have all champions in midlane that have been viable in the last 2 years (except kata, I dont like her) and two or three comfort picks for the other roles. I now have 26000 ip saved to instantly buy 8 runepages when they go on sale, and then im done. I might buy a new champ every now and then, i might get some weird runes like gp10, but i probably wont. All we need imo is some base 450 champs to be able to play every role before you are 30, and the t1 runes unlocked to learn people about runes.
1	Hi, I posted some advice about Assassin's in the summoner school, thought I would post it here, to see if you guys like it.   Oh^and^to^check^if^its^correct.   Here it is.   Okay, assassin's are my main's so I'll try to help you out.   (Sadly Kha is the only Assassin I don't play. So, sorry bout that)     You're goal is to kill their adc or apc (whoever is the most fed). You jump in and kill them, and you kill them fast, and you kill them dead. If you die doing that, then it is probably worth it.        You have to be smart. For example, don't jump onto their Vayne when their leona is just standing there. You're going to get stunlocked and die. Wait until Leona/whatever-other-support has used their cc before jumping in. You should also try to make sure that the adc's themselves blow their peel too, but sometimes you can kill them before they can stop you,     i.e A Talon killing Vayne before the silence wears off, so she can't peel for herself,.     If you really want to carry, pick Kha'Zix, Katarina, Diana or Akali. Why? Resets. It lets you be do than making the fight a 4 v 4. Akali's ult reset lets you kill both carries extraordinarily quickly, same with Kha'Zix's E, and Diana's ult. (Katarina just munts your entire team, so thats cool too.)       Most assassins have 1 or 2 of the following.     -Their main nuke has a short cooldown, (Akali, Fizz, Kha)   -They have Resets (Akali, Kat, Kha)   -They have some aoe damage outside of their single target damage (Talon, Kat, Diana)   This prevents them from being completely useless for extended periods of time.     A quick word about the two oddball assassins.     LeBlanc   Why is she an oddball? Because she is the epitome of the assassin philosophy. Pick one target, and destroy them. Most assassin's have something else, she does not. She makes up for it with her famous lane dominance, (which IMHO was actually buffed a LOT by her 3.9 rework). Stay away from her until you've learned a few other assassin's.  She's hard mechanically, she's hard Game knowledge-wise, she is one of the squishiest champions in the game, and she is ALL high CD single target damage, (inb4 some mentions double w). She all fall's behind completely or gets ahead completely, no middle ground. However, she is and probably always will be my favorite champion. (flair aside).   Katarina   And the other oddball, Katarina. Other assassin's go for the single target burst route. Not Kat. She goes for the sustained aoe damage route. She's got a (soon-to-be) unique playstyle and relies on a reset to be any good.
1	Ok, so you are at blue as ashe, stand next to the golem. Now you Rclick away as if you wanted to run. Once the golem stops attacking and follows you shift+rclick slightly behind ashe aways from the golem.   Now the attack animation starts.   There is a windup, she pulls an arrow out of her back thingy(whatever that is called).   Then she shoots. projectle leaves the character model, damage is dealt.   Next up is the animation winddown. Does nothing, serves no purpose, you dont do anything, you just stand there. Unless you cancel the animation. Why wouldnt you. The projectile has left, your autoattack is on cooldown. How do you cancel? Just Rclick. Release shift and Rclick again to where you wanna go. Slightly behind your character away from the golem that's chasing you.   When your attack is off cooldown shift+Rclick again. This cooldown is as long as the winddown would have been if you didnt cancel it. Until this point you walked away from the golem, you gained distance. You took less damage. The faster your attack speed is the faster your AA is off CD and the faster you have to repeat clicking with alternating pressing and releasing shift.   If you have trouble with the positions of your fingers maybe try using crtl or alt instead of shift.   Holding down spacebar also helps consistently clicking behind your champs away from danger.   When you chase you also cancel the winddown with an attack command by simply Rclicking next to your target. To avaiod attacking minions however you simply click on your enemy. no shift needed.   You just move your mouse on top of your target and next to your target and Rclick every time. Alternate depending on your attackspeed to cancel the winddown again. This time it might not always attack immediately, since you lose ground while attacking and they simply run away without stopping.
0	Ah, now I get to blow off some steam.  On Reddit, because if I actually do this to my wife, I'll probably end up single.   Back when I first quit my job, I had aspirations of being a freelancer.  But the thing is, our younger daughter was 2.  Now, I see you're not a dad, but let me tell you: a 2-year-old is dang near a full-time job.  And when she was 3, she was, too.  When she was 4, well, yeah, she kept me hopping, but half the day she was gone to pre-K.  That left me, whoa, a whole 2 to 3 hours to myself a day.  Why am I not rich yet?!   This summer, I went looking for work.  I honestly did.  Haven't found it yet.  I don't know what the deal is; maybe it really does suck to be a 39-year-old college graduate when all the job openings don't require a degree (source: I've been on the other side, the low-end employers assume you're going to be gone as soon as something better opens up.)   I've also been battling with depression my entire adult life.  That figures into this, honest.   So yeah, I've been looking into freelance work as a result.  And...my wife is furious with me.  Why?  Because if I'm looking for freelance work, I'm not looking for a  job .  And depression figures in because...well, a while back I had someone, a friend who freelances, toss me a bone.  It was a major opportunity.  I could be bringing in more money than I ever have, and still have time to do household chores.  I was super-excited, told my wife right away...and she stuck her hand on her hip, and got an angry look on her face.  "What?"  "I want you to  get a job ."  Yeah, thanks hon, I was pretty stoked, too.   And because depression is an illogical asshole, I lost all enthusiasm for the job.  I know, it doesn't make sense, but...that's how it works.  I have another opportunity that I'm trying to get into, but I sure as hell won't be telling her about it until I can hand her the damn check.  I told her today that I had spent the afternoon doing menial tasks that would probably just barely fill up the gas tank, and she got pissed.  Went on a tear finding household chores I'd been neglecting afterward.  Thanks, hon...thanks for the encouragement, it's super-effective.   And my wife...sheesh, I swear, she's only happy if she finds out I've actually been pounding the pavement,  and  I keep all the housework (inside and out) up.  She's like a 50s suburban dad.  Think of the guy on the old Battleship box art, where he and Junior are playing Battleship, and the wife and daughter are washing dishes.
1	Maybe you haven't seen very good ones yet but the retarded thing is, He can pretty much leap over your whole team, w-AA-q the adc, stealth for a second, -AA-q your adc and then your adc would most probably be already dead and he can just jump away. His laning is not too bad and even if you lose, you just level your W at 6 and you can farm whole waves from a distance. Speaking about your W, It really gives too much sustain else MAYBE people would think about leveling Q first.
1	During worlds, Riot was giving away Lvl 30 accounts with every runes.   And everybody had cames like IlIlllIlIll, so people couldn't figure out who was the guy And it looked like barcodes. And Faker ID Was Barcode killer.
1	I feel like Gromp buff + thornmail + cinderhulk later on is just very overwhelming the tank is usually unkillable as is, but is now actually doing damage to bruisers that aren't full tank plus there are tanks that are doing more damage based on how much hp they have. (I'm looking at you sejuani >_>) I feel like if they scale down the damage from cinderhulk and reduce the hp to 200 or so it would atleast help to the problem. IMO the tank meta is pretty boring for the game, I just don't have very much fun against champion X that puts on his/her shield for 1/4th of their hp and just pretty much be a wall for their AD's although thats what they are meant for, in previous seasons the tanks in the front were killable rather quickly, and now junglers with cinderhulk are very tanky.
0	One of the producers of The Daily Show came to my school last year for a little Q&A. I asked about the defense they often use (that they're a comedy show, not a real news show) when Fox accuses TDS of doing the same things that TDS makes fun of Fox for, like contradictory statements or whatever.   The response was surprisingly honest. He said something along the lines of "I don't think we've used the 'we're just a comedy show' excuse in a long time, because we've realized that may be a bit disingenuous..."   I thought that was a fair response, except for the fact that I  reaally  thought I had heard them using that line on the show that month, if not the prior month.   The producer's wife, who works at my school and was mediating the Q&A (also the reason he was there in the first place) seemed interested in my question and tried to refocus it, but he kinda cut her off and she dropped it.   Anyway,
0	Usually when an issue like this comes up we hear different whining; we get people blaming minorities ignoring that federal aid is not race based and whites are eligible for over [95%]( of private financial aid.   Some older people who went to school years ago and have no idea what it is like now. They give stupid advice of getting some part-time job and going community college then state college then give some stat how they finished school 10-20 years ago with little to no debt doing this. This is ignoring that the local community college's tuition rates are nearly what my first semester of undergrad 11 years ago ($98 vs $120). That the state college I go to for graduate school has a tuition rate for undergrads that dwarfs that ($420/credit).   Then there are those who didn't go to school and got a job who like to gloat and those who advocate learning on your own as though most jobs did not need that little piece of paper (or now multiple pieces of paper).   Then there are those who have done what they needed to do and now have massive debt who like to shove that in people's faces as a way to get them to stop complaining. Using the debt as a kind of hazing experience that they feel everyone needs to go through.   All of the above are a waste of time that accomplishes nothing except keeping the status quo. Today college is a necessity for a large portion of the population, and many people have problems paying for it. There needs to be a movement to make it easier to pay for the education necessary to compete in today's job market while also competing with other countries who do more for their students. We need to stop fighting or being smug assholes to each other and realize this is a problem for most of us and it will be a problem for our kids and their kids if nothing is done. there needs to be a movement.
0	Yeah people are disgusted when they sign 5+ year contracts with a company and try to cancel after 3 months.   "I didn't agree to that!" yes, you fucking did. You signed multiple paper contracts and we have recorded phone calls of you being made sure you were aware of contract length.   Don't get your panties in a bunch just because you don't fucking pay attention to anything.
1	They very well still might.   Riven has a number of problems that make her hard to balance and hard to judge   Hyper Carry : Riven is one of a very small number of "hyper" carries in league of legends, when Riven gets fed she can win games for her team by herself. The vast majority of champions in League can not do this. It creates a strange balance situation to be honest, if I go 5-0 with Renekton in lane, I can be a huge tank with big impact in team fights, but if my adc and apc are shit, I can still have a hard time winning the game. If I go 5-0 as Riven nobody on the other team will ever be able to 1v1 me and if I play team fights well I can instantly kill the other teams apc/adc, even if they are just as fed as me.   StrongSnowball : There are few things in the world as scary as seeing first blood go to the enemy riven, why? Because Riven is also one of the most snowball champions in the game. While all champions enjoy first blood very few can so instantly and completely win a lane once they get an advantage the way riven can. [Watch the first few minutes of this if you don't understand what I am talking about](   HighSkillCap : There are plenty of champions that are stronger than the "average" power level, because they are hard to play. This is a fun way to balance for sure, the only problem here is riven is probably one of the strongest high skill cap champions, while having one of the lower relative skill caps. Lee Sin and Syndra etc. are beasts who can do similar things, but neither one can hyper carry as hard because their kits are fundamentally harder to use AND weaker. Better CC, Better defensive ability, Riven has it all.   So what are Rivens weaknesses? Well they are not half as serious as people would like to have you think. Basically she is weak against targeted stuns and she has a few counter picks. Well all assassins are weak to targeted stuns, and as a riven player you should be watching for these abilities to go on cool down if possible, or if not just try to engage from a side of the fight where the other team does not have both CC and Dmg that can turn on you quickly.   This "weakness" to targeted stuns that all assassins have is her only real problem in team fights. She has amazing wave clear for a melee champion, and amazing split push as well as even having legitimate engage potential with flash stun, something almost no other melee assassin/bruisers can do as well as riven can. So this "weakness" really does not have teeth.   Next, people will say you can punish riven early, 2v1 or counter pick, but even this is kinda bull shit weakness and we saw why at BOTA. Even if riven falls behind in lane, very few top laners scale to six items as well as riven, at six items it does not matter how riven did in lane, she will Always be able to instant kill carries who bring one defensive item to the table.   You see the great secret to Riven, the dirty truth of it all, is that she does not have to win early, she has AMAZING scaling. Normally people think of this scaling as something you abuse off an early lead, but it also means you normalize and surpass people even if you lose lane to them, if they don't scale as well as you do.   Also honestly while there are picks that do well in lane vs riven, she does not have many hard counters in top lane, and while a mid with good CC can be a problem, that is only if the jungler ganks, and in a counter gank situation, riven almost always wins.   At the end of the day there are weaknesses to Riven, but they are far out weighed by strengths, some of which are hard to even quantify in game terms (like being a hyper carry) IMHO every champion has counter play, you can bait out any escapes before a gank, the fact that there are ways to possibly win lane against riven just means she is not GOD TIER UNBEATABLE it does not mean she is in a good place with her balance.   EDIT:
0	In case you didn't notice, he did "grow the fuck up." He just doesn't like it.
1	Sure you can, you simply don't want to or have used the wrong champs. Support is just s2 style mid or jungle champs(high utility with tank or poke) without damage items. In fact support is actually one of the most aggressive roles in the early game since you don't spend time csing, your sole purpose is to zone out the enemy laners and keep your adc safe (wards and such.) After laning phase, its just like any other role. Ward some shit, make plays, capitalize on mistakes. Create positive situations for your team.   Playing support has made me better at every other role because it requires more fine micro to play and it's increased my map awareness.
0	That's why I have no loyalty to my manager. My boss underpays me right now, and by a lot. So, guess what I do? I fuck around on reddit and Facebook all day. Get the bare minimum done just to be sure I don't get a talking to and add time to my resume so that I can high tale it the fuck out of there once I get a better paying offer after building a long term job on my resume. That's YOUR reality check. Even if you monitor the computers I will still find a way to use at least 70% of my time acting like I'm being productive because you decided to pay me in peanuts. I worked a lot harder when I first got this job. The description of the job and responsibilities ended up being completely different and more intense than was provided to me. I asked for a raise and wrote nicely detailed, and professional  a letter showing all of the reasons  why I should get a raise only to get the "we only give raises at the end of the year". Funny thing is the employers shows so many signs that losing me would be an absolute disaster to them. How do I get so much done while still wasting a lot of time? I'm a unique worker. Quick, accurate, detail oriented, approach my tasks and interactions with contractors with the companies vision in mind and rarely make mistakes. Do I have a lot more to offer? Absolutely. I've ran my own business for a couple of years, was a 3.68 student in college despite not having enough money to finish, and struggling with getting through algebra, and helped another company before this one save over $80,000 or 1/3rd of their budget while generating more revenue. Imagine how much more this employer could get from me if they paid me what I was worth.
1	There is nothing more convincing that a well formulated post, full of sophisticated examples, allusions and witty language. Riot will instantly support your demand. Way to go, young chap!
1	Never had someone afk in base spamming pings, but I feel like this is not viable at all.   Sometimes I'm playing support, and my marksman is trying to trade or something, and then I have to ping repeatedly times to them to see that I don't have enough health, or mana, or cooldowns to a trade / or that maybe there was a teleport somewhere, a upcoming gank...   If they get stressed because of the repeatedly pings, or just silence all the pings at the beginning of the match, there will be less communication than we already have, since muting the whole time is one of the best ways to not deal with ragers and people determined to stress you.
1	But you have to look at it in terms of team comp. When you send nunu top what do you have, 2 supports, an AP mid and an AD carry. Your team becomes reliant on a high damage jungle or else your team is 2 people doing all that damage. That means you're exchanging a support/disabler for a damage jungler.   You end up trading good ganks for a solo top who honestly cant even use the farm. A 6 item nunu and a 4 item nunu is nothing compared to a 4 item jax vs a 6 item jax.   Sending Nunu top can win a lane sure, but as a team sending him top gives you a weaker team comp. Giving your AD carry a free PD is nice but thats not worth all of top lanes farm, a champion pick and its not going to stop the 2 bruisers with GA from getting to him eventually. Then you're left with poor damage and a dead nexus.
1	Your first point is so key at low elos.   I played a game not too long ago and I was second pick. I have a few champs I can play in every lane, and I'm quite safe and usually go even in whatever lane I play, but I need to know what everyone else is strong at.   Aside from someone saying "ban yasuo" no one in my champ select spoke, even after I said "where does everyone play". I decided to simply pick support (because there are very few support players in silver & so the team can't get "counter-picked").   We lost that game. It was bad from the start, and honestly didn't get much better throughout the game. After the game I decided to check what champions these guys generally play in ranked. Our mid laner, he had never played veigar in a ranked, and he was a support main with 50 games as thresh, 20 games as leona & 10 as both morgana and braum this season - why didn't he say?! I would have happily gone mid for him.
1	I can relate to this because im low mmr (gold 1/plat 3) and i was stuck in bronze for a long time but when i made it to silver i went to gold almost immediately(2 weeks) the thing that did it for me was playing jungle nunu/udyr and taking the first 3 dragons alone you can pull it off almost 80%, in gold 1 is not as effective but believe me, nobody fucking wards in silver and you can even press tab to check if the support even gives a crap about sight but i can assure you if you just keep playing you eventually become good enough if you try instead of blaming your team you can also learn the game by playing a lot the same champs over and over again and learn to in a way, exploit the game.
0	My father has been gone now for almost 16 years and I am 23. I barely even knew my father and I was lucky to even have the short amount of time I had with him. He was diagnosed with a rare strand Melanoma cancer when I was a one year old and his estimated time to pass was a year and a half after his diagnosis. He fought on for 7 more years and was called the "Miracle Man" at the hospital and when he did pass he donated his body to medical research to help future cancer stricken patients. This was all in 1997.   Just last night I was out with co-workers at a Happy Hour event sponsored by my company. Drank a couple of beers and had a small amount of scotch then I stopped suddenly. "I miss my dad..." was muttered and then I made my escape home. I took the BART train home and reflected on the short list of memories I had stored. My father taking me to Newegg with my brother and buying Command and Conquer: Red Alert, my birthday when he bought me a basketball hoop and I pleaded for him to dunk it (he was 6'4) and he almost pulled down the whole thing on top of himself he slammed it so hard, all the times myself and my siblings would rush the door when he came home my older brother taking a leg and myself the other while Steph was picked up (She was always his Princess) then my mom giving him his kiss as he walked with all of us attached, and finally playing Command and Conquer: Red Alert in the pouring rain on the blackest night as two strange men in all black rubber coats carried down a zippered bag carrying my fathers lifeless body along with his collections of gifts we had on his bed like a shrine and each of his fingers carrying as many rings Stephanie could fit on them. I got off the train went into my girlfriends Jetta and balled. I cried shamelessly and let it all flow out of me, she comforted me and listened. No advice, just listened to my incoherent ramblings. Not sure why it hit me on random March night that my father will never see my children, my girlfriend, what I had made of myself, and to never hear his approval of my actions is something I will live with for the rest of my life.   One of my proudest moments is taking my sister to all her Father/Daughter dances. Telling her she is beautiful and intelligent as much as I can. Checking in on her and making sure she is doing well in school. Since my brother is in the Airforce now I keep trying to have a masculine presence supporting her as much as possible.   I remember now wishing death on myself then, hoping that the Grim Reaper would make a trade for my father and bring back the family I loved so much for Mothers, Brothers, and Sisters sake. (Do not make this a atheist vs religion debate this is a timetable of events) After my father past my family completely stopped going to church and when my mother tried to get us to go back my brother told her, "I don't need fairy tales Mom, if God would let Dad die for no reason other than His plan I don't need to waste my time every Sunday." We were all kids 10, 8, and 4 years old trying to make sense of something so world stopping. Started failing in school after being in the gifted students program and became a fixture on the Principals wall. I made a promise to myself then that I would take care of his legacy, my family, to make him proud of me. I have refused my families help and put myself through college at San Francisco State, been working to make this a possibility since I was 14 1/2 years old, and I am graduating this year hopefully with Honors. I wish now more than ever I had a guiding hand of unconditional love and trust he could have provided me while realizing how lucky I am for the people in my life.   When my dreams stopped coming as frequently I felt guilty like I was subconsciously trying to put him out of my mind.   There is no nice bow to put on this, it is messy, it is real, it is my life.
1	Yes, but I was adressing the content that got left out in this "
0	Pfft. When fixing a computer you have no idea where the issue may lie and it can require some exploring. Some people are silly enough to leave personal pictures in C:\ Users\ [Name], where if they are also not technically inclined enough to create a file structure to store their files somewhere other than the default Windows location, may have also downloaded malicious programs which may need removing.   Not condoning what he did but I wouldn't say it's his fault if he accidentally stumbled across them. He may have been curious at the thumbnails and clicked on it, only to find them. At that point you could argue that if he's seen them once then it doesn't matter at that point, but oh well. Shit happens.
0	As someone who is high right now and is trying to agree with this picture... the "it's" man... I just can do it... I'm a typist for a living too :'<
0	This was my thought. First off, there's a difference between being colourblind and monochromatic, and monochromatism is more detrimental but also  a lot  more rare. Unless is was a slight difference in colour, he probably would have been able to tell.
0	Just remember that "fatness" isn't always the result of an unhealthy lifestyle and inactivity. I was a thin, athletic dancer til the age of 22 and started piling on weight - I didn't understand why and worked harder to lose it eventually tearing my achillies from the extra strain. Only recently have I found out I have an endocrine disorder and insulin resistance and have been able to adapt my (already balanced and healthy) diet to see some loss results.
1	Team MRN is not "my team".  I don't live and die with their wins or losses.   Marn, you can come off as shady at times, which is likely as much a fault of your personality, as it is my reaction to it.  This is NOT one of those times.   Though I don't  care  about team Marn I do find myself increasingly interested in them.  To steal a boxing term, in any given match they seem to have a fighting chance.  More often than not the team will get the dog food beat out of them, but those times when they succeed, make the victory all the sweeter for the struggle.   I admire your pluck and hope, even if the team is relegated out of the LCS at the end of the season, that you and your team will stick it out.  Long term goals vs. short term successes/failures.
0	Somebody thinks they are special and wants to throw themselves a party celebrating that. So they invite people that aren't particularly close to them but are "friends" enough to have hung out with before. These people feel no need to go and spend money on a casual friend's birthday when everyone has a birthday and it is no big deal. So they shrug it off. Who wants to go spend money having a meal and feeling an obligation to get a gift for an acquaintance? A party like what you're thinking of is a bunch of close people get together and decide you need a party. So they arrange it and if many people don't show, at least the people that love you and arranged the event are there which is all that really matters.
0	Although that is a popular meme, I really do think that way, and often cause awkward situations IRL because of it.   In this case, she had already spoke about it in a different reply, otherwise I would have not thought to ask. I felt uneasy asking, but went ahead anyway, trying to be less direct about it with an immature term "romantic lovemaking".   I already explained why I would ask an asexual that question.   My social skills aren't that great, so sometimes I can be misunderstood, and I can cross the lines without understanding what I'd done wrong. In this case, with the reasons I have given, I felt that it wasn't bad as the topic had already been mentioned.   If I wanted to talk about creepy/perv things, there are much more interesting targets in this thread. This one however, intrigued me as it isn't something I am familiar with. If I were familiar with it, perhaps I would have known better in the first place.   And after all that, we probably still won't come to terms because we just don't think alike.   P.S. that subreddit is interesting.
0	You don't understand his argument. It isn't a  system of government  it is a description of social history as the result of material conditions. Capitalism is doomed to fail, according to Marxist thought, because the gap between rich and poor will always widen. Remember that he lived during the 19th century; his conception of capitalism is very different than the pseudo-capitalist socialist welfare state of the first world today. Capitalism for Marx is necessarily unchecked as it was for the society he viewed. He saw that the capitalist system produces increasing, not decreasing social inequality. Since every other unequal society eventually reorganized to spread economic benefits, he made the prediction that the Capitalist state was also untenable, and he was right.   Where he was wrong is what followed, which was not a classless society but a society that redistributed wealth in a way expansive enough to preempt a workers revolution but limited enough to preserve class and property. However, as income and property ownership become more unequal today, it is not impossible to imagine that the dismantling of the social safety net and the reckless concentration of wealth that we see could lead to gilded-age conditions that could feasibly produce the same predictions Marx made more than a century ago.   Edit:
1	I've never felt the need to type a single word when I'm playing ranked. In the end it's always on yourself to make the best of the situations, and justifying your plays or commenting on the plays of random guys on the internet simply isn't going to give you a higher win rate. A simple ping or two is good enough, along with some jungle timers, and a rare gj to someone going hard on your team is all that is really necessary.   Last season I was low silver, didn't play many ranked games, around 100 games or so and I did a few duos with other silver players but quickly found out that the average player spent wayyyyy too much time talking and worrying about others..   This season I have around 150 games played and all solo or with my one specific friend and together we have a 70% winrate and neither of us says a word in our ranked games to our team. The standard few pings, while I usually jungle so I would type the timers out, and that is about as far as communication is needed in solo q.   You can't get caught up with your feelings about other players plays or even your own plays, just play the game! Mute anyone who makes a single negative comment, and no... you don't need to inform them you are muting them because as far as they know you aren't a real person because you don't really need to say anything period in solo q.   It may be frustrating and you want to blame someone else for your mistakes but think about it hard.. there is a reason some of the pro players have smurfs with records such as 50-3 and such. Yes you can carry a 4v5 from the start, yes you can win a game when one player is 0-15, yes you can go 10-0 every game and win 80%+ of them, NO YOU CANNOT WIN IF YOU ARE TOO WORRIED ABOUT OTHERS AND NOT ABOUT WHAT YOU ARE DOING YOURSELF.
1	The only communication being heard is him swearing, the other guy and I were completely silent.   That is not how you use voice chat.   I do think you made an argument FOR voice chat more than against it.  You said he left the game then proceeded to flame in chat, therefore it just adds to the point, people are less likely to rage in voice chat.   At the end you he joins it and says "fuck all of you".  He was so scared of saying it in voice chat he had to wait until the game was over to rage on it so he could immediately leave.  I guess you never witnessed post-game chat lobbies.
1	I've actually done this twice but I ashe arrowed baron from spawn and stole it today, it was so damn epic and the smile on my face afterwards didn't wane till we lost afterwards but oh well. I also was on master yi I used to jungle with him quite often, whole team goes to baron as the other team is doing it I ghost straight down there from spawn, whole team dies they have baron buff. Alpha strike in there and I was so farmed/fed I just hacked em all down with my lifesteal a.speed build penta kill then look at chat 5 of purple have agreed to surrender. I guess it keeps me playing when I bust out epic stuff.
1	Well with bigger rewards comes bigger risks. The old system was a constant series of small, mundane kicks. The new system is much cleaner, it has clear values and points of risk, but it's because you can clearly see where the rewards lie, that failing here becomes a bigger point of frustration.
1	Just because someone is being a dick doesn't give you permission to be a dick.
1	Jax  isn't broken , pal. You're making it sound like there's no counter play to Jax at all.   "Hyper scaling"  - Play Nasus. If his scaling is what you hate, pick a champion that scales equally as well, maybe even better depending on your ability to farm.   "Only two offensive items"  - Yeah, Yasuo flair. Tell me more, tell me more, like did he have a car.   "Early game weakness?"  - Hell yes. Jax's power is from his ultimate passive. Pick Renekton and use E (Slice and Dice) to dodge the stun then use the second active to go back in.   "Can't 1v1 him"  - A LOT of champions can duel with Jax. As long as you dodge his E  and don't waste AA's on him when it's active, then there's no problem.
0	I do try to  count my blessings more than my sorrows.
1	I'll preface this by saying I'm not high ELO, I just watch a lot of streams and play a ton.  That being said...   It really depends on what my team looks like.  I'm a huge fan of Jarvan because of his crowd control capability and mobility in bursts (passing through terrain, etc).  If my team is lacking CC I'll usually jungle him.  If my team has pretty sufficient CC and mid is a very mana dependant champion, I'll usually jungle Shyvana or Lee Sin so I can pass blue buff to mid early on.  She has good burst damage and movement speed to get in and gank easily.
0	Not op as well, I broke up with a girl who I was madly in love with but she didn't feel the same way. I have sent sedated the most amazing girl I've ever been with and I'm now in love with her. I still think about the first girl but even if she came back to me with arms wide open I would not take her back. this is not necessarily because of the new girl but because she was so wrong for me in just about every way. well I still find myself thinking about her I would never actively do anything to try and get her back or be with her again.
1	i find it horrible that a good, top-tier player who apparently entertained people has to come to such measures because twitch has so many "female players" in the top-viewed list. Maybe Twitch should open up a seperate Brench for "webcam-girls" so they dont have to pretend like they are playing - CAREFUL here, there are ALOT of female streamer who play good OR entertain alot of players, it doesnt matter if you are bronze or Challenger, as long as you entertain people. However these are hilarously outnumbered by women holding their tits into the cam and playing bronze games, feeding like crazy because they are constantly watching the chat going down on their second Monitor.
1	I enjoy Quinn, and she's my current ADC. Her kit may not be the most original or have any new features like Syndra's chucking things or Rengar's bush jumping, but her range and how her skills functions definitely makes her gameplay and goals different from other ADCs. First off, her short range and her mobility throw her into a Vayne-type champ that has room to outplay other people. Her ult turns her into a speedy assassin, and that changes what her presence in teamfights is like and on the map (she can chase down a hella lot of kills that are normally lost causes).   I'm not going to go on much further since I'm getting side-tracked,
0	Yawn. The conception and entirety of the offensive comic genre begs to differ. And given Reddit's tendency to reward satirical witticism with the oh so fabled upboats, it is no wonder people go to extremes outside their true beliefs in pursuit of said upboats.   Additionally, you can't make a blanket statement that "the [hypothetical] statement still stands" because there are a lot of factors like age, race, sex, community (Reddit), connotation in relation to context, et cetera that define the interpretation of a statement.   And lastly, I personally enjoy when people get riled up over subject material on the principle of the material itself with no basis on the intent or context of the material and am typically motivated to take things further or troll or whatever you want to call it. Just something to consider on your white knight crusade against the evil mysogynistic/racist/homophobic/probably-actually-good-people-afk crowd.
0	Someone else explained it on this thread pretty well. But basically you don't teach anymore. A coworker of mine, whom I would consider an excellent teacher, came up with a list 50 things teachers are expected to do not including teach. Most are at least weekly duties if not daily. Also, look up no child left behind. It essentially forces (or strongly entices) schools to pass along undeserving students to the next grade. Then you're left with students with a severe lack in prerequisite knowledge.   Then there's the parents who only care about their child's grades and not whether he or she has actually learned anything. If they pass, there's no complaint. Parent-teacher conferences are like an episode of pawn stars. We end up negotiating a grade that the parent can live with.   Finally, at least at my school, there's little reinforcement or consistency in discipline. If a student is sent to the office he or she rarely gets into any trouble. The students have learned that they can get away with whatever. This makes the idea of drilling discipline futile. Also, again at my school at least, the administration is terrified of being shown in a bad light in the media. They are scared a parent is going to report the school to the local news outlet. So they do anything to make the parent happy. Discipline now takes into account who the parent is and much stink will they cause.   So yeah, I'm on one of my many holiday breaks. I sleep until noon and play video games. And yes, I get summers off to do whatever. But I'm telling you it is not worth it. At all. My mother with 30 years of teaching experience will tell you the same thing. This will be last year god willing.
1	We both had the same dream ... To become legends in music."Ahri and Akane loved music above everything else, sisters in birth and twins in voices. How to become big was the note they couldn't tune, until one day after a show a big producer approached Ahri and told her: "Tomorrow morning I want both of you in my office, we are going big! "   Ahri was amazed , the dream could finally become real. She turned around to tell akane but akane was not there. Looking through the bar she finally found akane but she wasn't alone   akane was next to a weird figure. A girl with big red hair, she was moving her lips but no voice came out, but somehow akane was answering her.   After a while they both went home and Akane was really quiet.   "Akane we made it ! We finally were found by some one who can Help us!"   With no answer comming out of her lips Ahri looked in to Akane's eyes.Empty as a clear blue sky, no reaction.   Next day Ahri woke up for the meeting but she couldn't find Akane,hoping she went for the reunion earlier she left .   With a signed contract all that was missing was Akane. Everywhere she looked there was simply no trace of her.   As time went   "We both had the same dream...To become legends in music."   Ahri and Akane loved music above everything else,sisters in birth and twins in voices.   How to become big was the note they couldn't tune, until one day after a show a big producer aproached Ahri and told her: " Tommorrow morning I want both of you in my office, we are going big! "   Ahri was amazed , the dream could finally become real. She turned around to tell akane but akane was not there. Looking through the bar she finally found akane but she wasn't alone   akane was next to a weird figure. A girl with big red hair, she was moving her lips but no voice came out, but somehow akane was answering her.   After a while they both went home and Akane was really quiet.   "Akane we made it ! We finally were found by some one who can Help us!"   With no answer comming out of her lips Ahri looked in to Akane's eyes.Empty as a clear blue sky, no reaction.   Next day Ahri woke up for the meeting but she couldn't find Akane,hoping she went for the reunion earlier she left .   With a signed contract all that was missing was Akane. Everywhere she looked there was simply no trace of her. as time went   "We both had the same dream...To become legends in music."   Ahri and Akane loved music above everything else,sisters in birth and twins in voices.   How to become big was the note they couldn't tune, until one day after a show a big producer aproached Ahri and told her: " Tommorrow morning I want both of you in my office, we are going big! "   Ahri was amazed , the dream could finally become real. She turned around to tell akane but akane was not there. Looking through the bar she finally found akane but she wasn't alone   akane was next to a weird figure. A girl with big red hair, she was moving her lips but no voice came out, but somehow akane was answering her.   After a while they both went home and Akane was really quiet.   "Akane we made it ! We finally were found by some one who can Help us!"   With no answer comming out of her lips Ahri looked in to Akane's eyes.Empty as a clear blue sky, no reaction.   Next day Ahri woke up for the meeting but she couldn't find Akane,hoping she went for the reunion earlier she left .   With a signed contract all that was missing was Akane. Everywhere she looked there was simply no trace of her. As time went by Ahri's career grew bigger and so did her pain of a lost sister, but everywhere she went and everything she did would lead her to a dead end .   After a big Gig Ahri noticed a poster of a famous band " Pentakil" and she recognized one of them, Sona . Her mind took a journey to the last night she was with Akane, the misterious lady who couldn´t speak. She knew right there she would know something about it ,Ahri started running.   "How could I forgot this ? why didn't I remenber ?! " and her eyes caught a TV where Pentakill was giving an interview.   "Tomorrow we depart to the league of legends where our metal will reape the souls of our enemys" (Mordekaiser)   "And what a beautifull Requiem it will be ! " all band started laughing after that expect Sona.   Next day as Pentakill was preparing themselfs to enter the league they face themselfs against the popstar ahri.   "SONA!!! WHERE IS MY SISTER?!"   With a big smile she looked straight into Ahris eyes and moved her lips a light appeared on sona's Harp, and with that light a gentle voice was eard.   "Right here little star" , but her voice was familiar, her voice was the voice of Akane.   Ahri's eyes grew bigger and she went completely white and without a moment to spare Mordkaiser  went from behind and smashed his guitar on Ahri, as she flew with the force of the impact she hit sona harp and it fell on the floor smashing a crystal and with it several screams were eard .   Sona opened her mouth as someone who is screaming but no sound came out. "Calm down sona , I'll fix it ! And you will find plenty of voices in the League."   The group entered the giant gates of League leaving Ahri on the floor.   For an hour Ahri stood there looking at the floor bleeding, but that pain was completely forgoten as the voice of Akane still ringed in her mind. As she stood a gentle wind passed by her and a voice was heard. "Ahri , thanks for freeing me.My name is Riakun and I was trapped inside that harp." Ahri was scared as she looked in to the air and saw something as a gentle tornado standing still. "What are you?" "I was a mystical beast killed by Olaf for pleasure, and my soul trapped in that crystal by Karthus so sona could use me to make music.Ahri your sister is trapped in there alongside other souls, allow me to give you my powers until you can release them.Use me to set them free, allow me one last battle and the chance to get revenge!"   Ahri stood still and gently nod her head allowing Riakun to enter her body, as the wind sorrounded her something grew from her back. 9 tails appeared from that and she felt power erupting from that. With her mind set she looked in to the gates of League.   "Until Akane is released this is my new stage"   Edit:
0	A bit of advice in the future. When you're on the internet, it's pretty fucking silly to talk about having a rational argument. Rational argumentation takes place IN PERSON or at least over webcam where refutation can take an effective foothold. Arguing over the internet only appeals to intellectual cowards.   Now if you'd like me to educate your in person, we can have a live debate over webcam if you'd like.   >Your behavior in an anonymous environment lends me to believe you are an uneducated and or unstable person. That does not engender a desire to meet you in person, so I will happily decline that offer. The way one behaves in an anonymous environment is indicative of the way one would behave were one not constrained by society's expectations. Your behavior and arguments so far reflect poorly upon you. You appear as a child railing against, what he sees as, oppression by some authority figure. Perhaps instead of insulting people and immediately escalating arguments to the point of internet screaming, you could state your case in a logical and rational manner. This approach is much more likely to get a positive response, and you may even be able to convince people to see your point of view. Your arguments and response are very similar to that of people when confronted with arguments that conflict with their worldview. Instead of arguing against a statement attacks are made against the person who made the statement. This is an attempt to discredit the person who made the statement as opposed to discrediting the validity of the statement. It is commonly referred to as an ad hominem attack. Another form of argument, which I have seen you use, is to redirect the statement as equivalent to something else which is only mildly connected and perceived as much worse. this is referred to as a straw man attack. All that said you could also just be a troll, in which case I'm wasting my time.
0	So this one time, my boyfriend (now husband) got the bright idea to eat two [Souper Meals]( in one day. Now, if you've ever had these, they have those little flavor packets much like other instant noodle cups and even just one of these things is enough to turn your farts toxic.   We're completely asleep when the gut agony sinks in. He lets one go in his sleep that is so bad that it wakes us both up. No, not because of the sound, but the  smell . My lungs actually seized up and I started dry heaving before I could even figure out what was going on. I managed to crawl to the window and barely get it open to get fresh air in time to avoid throwing up... But for a brief moment I thought I was going to be spending the next day avoiding the downstairs neighbors and trying to figure out how to get vomit out of the window screen.
1	Not the viewers just you. it sounds like you're hearing what you want to hear. because riot knowing that NA LOVES SKT almost as much as tsm you should be experiencing the same for amount of noise from them according to your conspiracy theory. you should also hear sounds for FNC since a lot of na viewers favor them as well. I don't believe you know what your talking about for a lot of areas. Such as you believe that ONLY TSM fans came to this event, or the fact that you think just because their tsm fans means they don't have other teams they're fans of.
1	This.   Personally, I don't enjoy watching NB3 because of how he acts on stream. I can see how he gets, which is normal, but when he streams he's a completely different person who seems to be innocent. This is where disputes occur, because his fans who religiously watch his stream will support him until the end.
1	Mobile) I agree. Not even having fun playing right now to be honest. I don't think that I'm one of those people that "goes 10-0 every single game and always gets noob feeders." I main jungle and I usually always do pretty well. Pretty well meaning top 3 in the lobby at least. At worse I will have more than 2x as many deaths as kills but almost always more assists then deaths. I feel like I'm better than these bronze players, but what frustrates me is I'm not good enough to consistently carry.
1	I'm pretty sure the math was done on this subreddit and in terms of raw damage over like 10 seconds, Vayne was #1 and then Twitch and Kog.   Bear in mind that Trist's Q only has a 35% uptime. After those 7 seconds she's doing pretty average damage because she has no other steroids. Her other spells are negligible in terms of damage, and are there solely for utility by endgame.   A champion like Vayne has 12 seconds on her ult, true damage that's strong at all stages of the game, an auto attack reset that repositions and gives 50% more damage on a super low cooldown, and a situational stun.   I'm neglecting to mention the two things that make her really strong. Her range, and the utility of her Rocket Jump and Ultimate. I believe that the reason people don't pick Trist is because they can just pick Kog'Maw and have a much stronger mid game which can snowball you to late game during which you'll most likely do more damage. The percent health shred on Kog is really good all game, his mid game is really strong because of it, and he has more range than Trist with 47% uptime. Giving him blue, which is more feasible than giving Trist blue because of the spammable nature of his spells, the uptime is about 58%. In addition, mathematically Kog is stronger in the 8 seconds of Bio Arcane Barrage than Trist is during the 7 seconds of Rapid Fire.   Now yes, Trist will maintain her 700 range after Rapid Fire ends, and Kog will go back down to 500 range when Bio Arcane Barrage ends, so after 8 seconds Trist has the advantage. The idea is that he'll do so much damage in those 8 seconds that it's worth it to pick him over Trist.   Also, upon looking at [this document]( again, and looking at slide 56 which looks at damage over the course of 10 seconds of all AD carries including all of their steroids, passives, and other buffs, it's pretty clear why you'd take Kog'Maw over Tristana. It's really quite interesting to see Tristana so low. I'm not surprised about the top 3 being Vayne, Kog, and Twitch, but it was surprising to see Miss Fortune and Sivir higher than Trist by level 18. I assume it's because of MF's impure shots passive, and Sivir's ultimate outlasting Rapid Fire. Also, I think this was from two months ago, so Sivir's ult may have been nerfed after this was released.
0	When I was unbelievably drunk a couple Christmases ago I spewed in my friends bathroom sink (the toilet was occupied and I couldn't wait) I managed to fill the whole sink, which I know I fricking gross but I was kinda proud . . Anyway, in my drunken state I had to put my hand in it to 'unblock' the drain. I cleaned it properly with cleaning products and everything, also my arm. Well, I though I had anyway until I heard them the next day blaming it on Adrian (silly Adrian does stupid things when drunk) I said it was me, apparently it wasn't very clean at all, woops. Cleaning puke with a hangover is just a recipe for more puke. Ugh.
1	True.  I just wanted to get that out of my head, and writing it down turned out longer than I really expected.  People can just skip to the last paragraph, or read the
0	Because "education" has become a self-serving industry driven by the standards of people who never left academia. Of course they think these things are great career choices; they don't have a clue what people in the labor market want.   On top of that, now that everyone thinks they have to go to college, banks and governments have created programs that allow anyone access to cheap (ish) loans or free money. This, in turn, causes the cost of education to inflate. A good parallel would be the housing bubble. The problem was that anyone could get a loan without any evidence they could ever pay it back. What happens when people can get $1mil loan with no down payment or proof of income? Housing goes to insanely inflated prices that make no sense, the bubble finally bursts, everyone in these programs loses their house. Eventually the "education bubble" in the US is going to have to burst, but until it does, we are going to continue to see rising tuition prices, bigger student loans, more people making their money entirely from academia, and bigger regrets from the people who made bad choices based on bad data given to them by people who are "more knowledgeable".   Plus, we are going to see continued vilification of laborers. Fast food workers, farm hands, welders, construction workers, all of them are going to get an even worse image than they already have. Then, unemployment will be even worse, because people won't want to take jobs that they "went to college to avoid". It is no wonder teens (in my area at least) avoid trades like the plague. In high school we were told that we need to get in to a "good college", which meant expensive college. When my wife told her English teacher what school she wanted to go to, the teacher said, "You know you can get in to a legitimate school, right?" Yes. Never mind that this particular university has one of the top programs in the nation for her major. Let's go to one with a more "prestigious" name that has 4x the tuition cost plus higher cost of living.   Wow. That turned into a rant. Sorry.
1	The cool thing about them implementing skin tiers is that they can also use it as an excuse to not improve old skins. i.e if they improved it they'd have to charge more because it would count as a new sound pack, which according to them (Riot) would increase skin price.
1	Honestly I'd agreee that at 1500+ jungling is probably the most influential role.   At 1200 though there are such huge skill disparities in the solo lanes that it's almost necessary for you to take one to prevent a blowout from occurring in the other team's favor. It's frustrating when you play Shaco or some other uber-strong ganker, get top his first blood - eventually he goes back and buys and has more gold, but never buys a ward. 10 minutes later that ward-less top starts eating enemy ganks and gets outplayed top while the enemy has you warded out.   I've lost too many amazing jungle games because one of our solo lanes just wasn't competent (no wards, constantly overextending, no map awareness, poor item choices, etc.). At least when you take solo and you get a kill, 100% of the benefit flows to you. When you jungle and your gank gets a kill - it honestly might not even be worth it if you gave the kill to an idiot who's just going to be cocky and feed while you collect 150g for burning your flash, ult, and having to go back to base because you lost most of your HP, etc.
1	I looked up to the character you have been playing, and if i can give you some advice, 1st don't play Vayne, she is hard to master whatever people would say, you have only 175 wins in normal, so I assume around 400 games with your ranked, wich is really too low, you shoulda have pratice and learn 2 or 3 roles in normal game, i'm actually at 1500 normal game with 20ranked, and i can say that i'm a decent Top/Jungler/Mid, you should try to do more normal and improve yourself on your favorites roles.   Than, i saw you play a lot of CC Champs, such as Alistar and Nautilus, they are definetely good in mid/high elo, but you are playing with 500elo Teammates, so your CC won't be usefull as they are going to be wasted   If i was in the same state as you, i'ld play either Midlane (Annie/Morgana/Kassadin) to help a lot your other lane while still being fed, or jungler, just beacuse you can gank everywhere, i'm assuming wards is not a common word in the 500elo games...   From now, you know the word "WARD" and you'll use them, at least for your own protection (I guess you can't use them agressively with the ack of team organisation).
0	The location: Disneyland California The day: Any damn day of the week The time: All freaking day long   People seem to think that the middle of a narrow walk way with thousands of cattle herded human beings being directed to the next wallet sucking attraction is the best spot to unload their 4 child tandem stroller with 2 backpacks for each kid while the grandparents uncles aunts and 3rd cousins twice removed stand around on their cell phones like zombies completely oblivious to the consumers and patrons about them just looking to get their next set of "Mickey Ears"..
1	what if a team got 2nd in the spring split + playoffs, gaining 9 points, and then they just fall apart similar to XDG and get relegated the next? 9 points may still be enough to get them into the qualifiers, but it's kind of awkward since they are one of the two potentially relegated teams of the summer split. and then maybe a rising team like CLG will not get the points needed, gaining 3rd place in the summer split (4 points including playoffs), but can't attend?   maybe i some logic errors here but i still think this system rewards spring split rewards too heavily. maybe lower the amount of points awarded for the spring split? so that if a top 3 team in spring split is unable to maintain their top 3 status in summer split, then they should be unlikely to make it into the worlds qualifiers.   basically
1	There are even audio queues for you to realize that the game loaded. I get why you asked about it because sometimes I mute and forget that I started a game, but in the end it might be more frustrating since it automatically "pops" up when you hit the loading screen and if someone is trying to read something quickly such as a champ counter or something, they would be fighting popups left and right.
0	I am a liberal and a vegetarian.  I stand with you on this one, though.  My being a vegetarian has always been a matter of My Own Damn Business (exception being now, to demonstrate support), and I have always felt that hunters got a bad rep for what I find to be the most humane, natural, and generally decent way to eat meat.  In fact, I'd say that my vegetarianism is more along the lines of "I don't eat what I don't kill, and I've never been hunting."   I generally downvote "College Liberal" memes, because overwhelmingly I simply don't believe the writer has met anyone who acts or believes as described.  The truth is, though, that a lot of kids in college think they've cracked the code on life, and have realized a level of morality that their forebears never thought of, and this is particularly the case in students of my own political leanings.  They jump to conclusions, as all people tend to do, based on too little information.  As they say, a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
1	Honestly I thought saint was one of the best junglers out there until the CDE vs Dig rematch. IMO, he got badly outcalled by jatt (look at how on the ball dig was with their timers for objectives. You can bet your ass Jatt had all of that planned minutes in advance) and he used the same jungler with the same build even when it seemed to be fairly suboptimal in some cases. (why rush a mogs in game three. Why why why. Conversely, why pick noct over trundle/amu/rammus/skarner in game one. His team needed a durable initiator, and while noct CAN do that, there are many others much better suited to it.)   Last but not least, his obsession with ganking rumble top on multiple occasions seemed extremely derpy to me. He could have put pressure on bot and mid much easier and maybe secured an early dragon for once. From what I've read, and from my own experience, top is the worst lane to gank, it has the least payoffs, highest chance of failure, and puts you miles away from dragon. Yet IIRC, saint put the most pressure on top lane in all three games.
1	As an avid Graves player I will agree that if a Cait is not abusing her range to poke and land some easy dmg, she will have a much harder time transitioning into mid. That bring said, she CAN get away with simply farming. It is then up to you as the support to assist in helping her safely attain all of that farm, and focus on translating that into tower sieges (one of her best abilities). An overly aggressive Cait will die. One slip up on positioning, the moment you no longer have the range advantage, you are going to get hurt. A lot. I had an overconfident Cait let me get into range as graves (she was up 5 kills. It took about 1.5 seconds to delete her.
1	Ok so you're asking if an ADC can carry the game correct? If that's the case the answer is going to be yes. If you want ANY proof at all it's easy to find, look at pro players smurfing at lower elos and you can see how stupid easy it is for anybody famous to play ADCs and win by carrying the game. If you don't want to look at "pros" because you think it's like a fluke every single time or what not say they could do anything and still win, look at the whole rest of the thread with people saying yes.   What do you really want to know? Is it easier for somebody tanky to destroy an entire team from ahead, I would think so. If you get good at adc  it's still really easy to solo win the game for your team.   Also you're lvl 23 and I'm sorry but you don't have a very good understanding of the game at all. It's not saying your a bad player but there's no way you know enough about the game to actually know what's good and bad quite yet, give it time.
1	Seems to me like there are a lot of people who watch professional players and absolutely swallow anything they say as gospel. And most of all, most people probably go "Well, I'm not sure I agree, but he's the pro so I won't argue about it." (that is, if they don't agree in the first place)   I feel like its only a small percentage of people who argue like that, and its either because they have an outsized view of their own ego, or they don't like the player in question (this happens a lot with people like Saint who are polarizing).
1	Entertaining for people who are on the inside of the inside joke. It works 2 ways. What you think is the joke isn't the joke and the joke itself is the people who think the joke is the joke.
0	polo shirt on sale $40, or teefury shirt $15   levis on sale at amazon $20  (which also go great with CW boots)   timberand steel toes $140.  alternatives(in the office) are retired running shoes($120 new, but after running a few hundred miles you don't shouldn't run in them anymore) or previously mentioned two stepping boots.   I call it the, I work in a office sometimes, but on other days I get my hands dirty with real work look.
1	Sorry but that is highly highly incorrect (unless Doublelift, or other ADs use attack move differently then me) Yes that can happen and might have happened (didnt watch it) but is that a bad thing?   I assume that this happened, what did Doublelift do? He a clicked - and missed so instead of running at the place (which he also would have missed with rightclick) he attacked the wrong thing -so the difference is: he messed up 2 attacks instead of insta dieing. That seems like a decent trade for me
1	DPI is short for Dots Per Inch and it actually refers to printer dots per inch. These days, when used in photo software, it means PPI, which are Pixels Per Inch. DPI and PPI are two different things, yet often DPI is used when PPI is meant, so read its usage in context. PPI is a measure of how a image is printed to a medium such as paper. Many software programs call PPI a measure of "resolution" which leads to more confusion since it is the resolution of the printed output, not the "resolution" of the digital image.   As long as the actual dimensions of image stay the same, all that matters is the PPI. You could have two identical looking images, one with 20 DPI and the other with 1000 DPI, and you wouldn't be able to tell the slightest difference. If the pixels of an image do not change, then it has the same digital resolution no matter what number is parked in the DPI/PPI setting of the photo. One factor in the quality of printing to paper is many pixels per inch are delivered to the printer, a number between 200 and 300 is generally accepted to represent "photographic quality" at an arm's length viewing distance. But that quality, the PPI, is determined by how many pixels the image has - not the number parked in the DPI/PPI setting section.   /u/godofal made the (understandable and common) mistake of thinking that increasing the DPI made the image render larger. His "DPI comparison" images are slightly misleading. As you can see at the top next to the file names, the "small" is zoomed in at 125%, "medium" is at 100%, and the "big" is zoomed  out  at 63%. Were the images all at 100%, at the same dimensions, they should all look the same.
1	black is a color of strength, authority and tradition. Mix that with a uniform that is mostly consistent then you can create an iconic look for what a TSM player is to the public and to the team. I think it will help over the years when TSM grows to make the changes that are necessary less of a PR problem since the uniform represents the TSM organization.   It also plays a part in how TSM members view eachother when wearing the uniform. Much like police will fraternize over similar or identical dress code and job, Teams fraternize over Jersey and dress code allowing them to see each other as a unit.   Perhaps the only Thing I would add to the uniform is to denote who is the captain in some way, perhaps a C on the uniform of Bjerg somewhere.   It isn't a cure-all problem when it comes to teamwork, (even though CLG does look great in their kits) since it is about perception of uniformity when in the public eye and doesn't translate over to private conversation. But it can make everyone see the bigger picture and understand that someone else can be wearing that jersey next week if they don't perform
0	I'm pretty fat but I don't have any trouble shaving my neck.  I think the neckbeard thing is either because the person with it can't be arsed to shave (or sometimes bathe or any kind of basic hygiene) or they want to grow a beard but can't anywhere except their neck so they delude themselves into thinking it looks good.  They are often socially awkward, dress poorly (usually a plain t shirt and jeans and often a trilby) because they either don't know any better or because they think fashion is a waste of time.  The thing that really sticks out to me about them is that they buy into a bunch of macho/gentlemen bullshit out of insecurity that they may not be manly enough.  They think their own interests (usually video games though not exclusively or always) are the pinnacle and everything else is stupid or pointless and will loudly and proudly tell you so.  Above all, they are arrogant, again, probably compensating for crippling insecurity.
1	As someone who worked for a LAN center similar to what you described (that eventually went out of business), I am curious to see what your plan would be for the myriad of challenges a business like this encounters.   To list a few;     Super high overhead     Investing in at least 10-20 high end PC's with brand name peripherals like razer keyboards and mice etc. Costs a tremendous amount of money. Even if you are paired with a retailer that cuts you a great deal on this stuff, you are still talking about a really big investment. Tack on top of high utilities cost (high end PC's suck up a lot of electricity) and you are looking at a large sum of money.  EDIT  Forgot to even factor in the cost of buying 10-20 licenses for each new game, that's 50-60 dollars a pop for each new title, which makes it that much harder to break even when kids come in to try it out.     Limited  Client Base     My boss had this idea that adults would come and pay to play video games or to use a better PC for work computing etc. But that really wasn't the case. Only a handful of people regularly came in to get work done and they didn't spend much because all they needed was a few hours to word process etc.   The vast majority of consumers will be teenage boys who want to game with their friends and try new games on a better system etc. And I originally was one of those kids and I fucking loved going to that LAN center, most fun of my childhood.   However, teenage boys tend to not have a lot of money to blow. Maybe they have enough to pay for a day or 2 on the weekends to play with their friends all day, but the other 5-6 days a week they have school and homework and part time jobs and no car to drive to the center etc.   So the center was super empty monday - thursday making like 0 revenue. And even when the kids were there, they only spend a few bucks on drinks and snacks or just walk across the street to the 7 11 for better prices and selection.
1	This stuff happens far often then it should. Personally I only get pissed when it happens to someone else. It doesn't really bother me when someone flames me but when someone else is getting unloaded on... That's when it really gets to me.   Here are a couple of things I try to do when these situations arise. If my team is winning and its someone on my team doing the poo talking I do my best to get them to shut up in team chat. Not in ALL but in team only. Usually someone within our team will also step up and by remaining calm we can get that person to stop. There are times however when this backfires and they get worse. When this happens I say in ALL to the people getting poo talked to just mute the offender or to stop responding. Most of these people are doing it just to get a response and when they no longer get a response they stop.   When my team is loosing and its happening to someone on my team not me, and its getting to them, I tell them to just mute that person.   If it happens to me, awesome, its not affecting my teammates. I make sure my team doesn't respond and I just ignore the taunts. Usually after 2-3 taunts they stop because they are getting no response.
1	watch this. also while you're at it use this to make a hoverboard.   EDIT: for
1	There's no real counter to Nasus right now. I had several games where Nasus got camped and completely shut down but once the tower is gone a good Nasus will just keep farming and take wolves/golems too for more stacks. The closest thing to a counter is having a strong/fed AP mid and your carry having higher than bronze mechanics (ie hiding from the teamfight until Nasus withers some other chump).   Since the rework on Q I've never seen a Nasus not come back from a horrible laning phase (he's a lot like Irelia in that regard) and the only real way to beat him is to win teamfights. If you can get rid of his team before he hulksmashes your carries he's pretty much useless.   If I see a Nasus pick and I get to play AD I just pick Trist or Lucian. Lucian's E is on a fairly low cooldown and breaks the slow from wither, he can deal a lot of damage without being in range of Nasus (the shitty damage from his ult is still better DPS than a carry that gets completely zoned and shut down) and his Q and passive allow him to deal decent amounts of damage even with the attack speed slowed/Nasus bringing a Frozen Heart to the teamfight.   Trist on the other hand is like a complete counter to Nasus' mechanics: long range autoattacks that allow you to stay out of wither range, a jump if you happen to get withered and the ultimate to peel Nasus off yourself if he manages to break distance. Last but not least: The healing reduction effect on Trist's E takes a lot of tankyness from the doge. He's only such a pain in the ass in teamfights because he heals off your team with his ultimate - so if you ignite him he loses a lot of survivability and dies rather quickly.   I play a lot of Nasus and no matter what the enemy top laner picks I will always be able to farm. People love to pick stuff like Riven against Nasus but if you know what you're doing you won't lose to a Riven of the same skill level, ever. Armor runes, cloth 5 start, lifesteal quints make you a bitch to get out of lane. Even if you get ganked you should pack teleport so you'll be right back in lane. Once you got your first few core items it becomes fairly apparent that Riven is a bad pick because she can't trade with you anymore and she WILL lose lane and tower if she gets killed.   People love being overly aggressive against Nasus ("hey bro you gotta shut down Nasus or we lose") but all this does is make them an easy pick for a gank (good luck trying to get away withered and with the jungler on your ass - a flash won't save you).
1	I totally agree with your points. I can understand why games can get very frustrating sometimes, but degrading your teammates definitely does not help turn a losing game around. If anything, it just kills morale (or starts a mutiny and then everyone else comes out of the game feeling worse than they would if they had simply had a bad game). I, for one, definitely feel less inclined to really try hard to turn a bad game around if our team is having a ridiculous mutiny. If you are frustrated and really do care about winning, or doing better, then please, please, maybe try to advise the problem players on what they should/shouldn't do (and in a kind manner, please). When I see other players making silly yet significant errors, I do most of the time try to advise them on how to improve. Granted, this is probably not taken very well most of the time -- if taken at all -- due to the inherently ridiculous nature of the internets. I'd rather have my teammate(s) not take my advice than to start an asinine flame war of sorts, though. It also doesn't make your e-peen any bigger to trash on your teammates and if you really get a kick out of degrading your own team over a game I think you may have some issues of your own that you clearly need to address. Trashing on others does NOT make you look better -- it makes you look like a raging idiot. I don't think anyone likes nor respects raging idiots. You are just worsening a game that may already be bad by being a jerk. Learn to breathe and if necessary, please OD on chill pills. kthxbai
1	maybe if he hates everything that Riot does he should go and play Dota?   Pls continue to hate on Riot because people hack their game. Do you hate on Valve cause Organner/x22 found another way to create an aimbot to bypass VAC?   So you hate on Riot for using Adobe Air and in the SAME post you cry about money? Are you even aware how Riot started? They had NOTHING; they cant just create their own client engine from 0 $, so they use the cheapest and easiest to do: Adobe Air.  "but thats was like 4 or 5 yearz agoz?!!!1!!111!" Yes and Riot stated multiple times that just creating a complete new launcher is not something that just can be done. That takes really really long.   "But whats abouts Replay system?!"   I dont get why people are so focussed on the Replay system. I rather have them put their money into esports, servers and the actual game and maybe new game mode content than fucking replay system.   "Riot does nothings for communitys. They ignores us"   Yes, yes they do. Thats why they have a gigantic never seen before esports branch with which they lose money and only make hypothetically profit (huge finals attract new people, new people = more players, more player = hopefully more RP, <-- = hopefully more than what they spend on esports).   Just go and shut up. Complain somewhere else or atleast do it an orderly fashion so one can atleast discuss things with you.
1	Just have a related random question. (I know less than nothing about game design or programming or anything.)   On a scale of 100-0, with 100 being entirely possible and 0 being absolutely impossible, how possible is it for an outside, independent person or organization to create a map mod (this one, or any other) for League of Legends that would be playable online by any random, average player?   I know other games have community-created maps that are playable. I assume the majority of these were made with approval and/or assistance from the game's creator/owner. But I'm sure at some point there have been illegal/unsanctioned game mods that became at least somewhat playable/popular, right?   I understand League is a massive game and massively complicated and it would be illegal and Riot would murder everyone, but I guess I'm just kind of surprised that with such a huge and passionate fan-base, and the insane and seemingly impossible things that people devote their time to achieving for games they love, that this hasn't happened with League yet. Unless it has and I was sleeping, in which case disregard.
1	Just going to add build up a bit, so pardon my phrasing. Though really brief build up.   In ArcheAge there is two continents. And within those two continents, there is it's... what I am going to call capitols, least it's where a lot of people hang out until the new area came out 3 days ago. And either way, when you go into the courthouse(room whatever you want to call it) you are under a buff that prevents you from attacking or logging out. And since the game bases most things that you do off of labour, you can afk in the courthouse to gain labour (5 for non-subscribed players, and 10 for subscribed players). So afking in the courthouse you cannot be disconnected from the game unless the servers shut down ofc.   So, I afked in the courthouse for free labour since I cannot disconnect from the game, and that's the easiest way (okay laziest) to obtain labour without necessarily playing the game. And I do this when I am going to school and going to sleep so I get about 110 labour an hour give or take.
1	Hey! I like to think I'm a decent writer, though I am forever on a quest for improvement! Anyway, what with all my own projects, I never tried fan fiction. As an avid Summoner, I've always liked Master Yi's lore, and I thought about making a fanfic to follow his adventures following Singed's chemical attack on his village. I know the lore says that he spent his years  training alone, but I thought I would add to it by putting him on a quest for vengeance and Wuju mastery across Valoran.
0	This Duck is completely wrong. Employer here---   You may be worth more than the job you are at right now, but I cant afford to pay you anymore. The job your doing is relevent to the amount of money your making. Now if you are worth it I will do everything in my power to teach you and make you better than what you are so some day you can get a promotion, but sorry I can't pay you more. You'll get your yearly increase, but that's about it.   I hate to bring the tough love down, but many of you just aren't worth the extra money. Do you go above and beyond? Do you work extra hours? Did the last project I asked you get completed to my standords or above? And the biggest one do you whine at all. People that whine are immediately what I consider a low life in the business world. You will never get anywhere if you complain, and trust me, it gets back to the boss. If you whine and complain I will hear about it and I will not like it. No matter what though I will know. Don't for one second think that I don't have people at your level who are willing to tell me every little inside thing that's going on.
1	These players are chosen to represent NA by the fans. Notice the key wording there, they are not representing a certain team and it is a fan vote, not necessarily based on performance. I'm not saying everyone should be considered, but if you play atleast a week in LCS you should be considered for voting.
1	So um, that sounds great, but speaking as a software engineer, that's not actually how bugs (or in particular fixing bugs) works.  If they found a bug, particularly a critical bug, then it's not like they can just "release everything else while they fix it."  Assuming that they even know where the bug is, making the code-change to "leave that part out" could easily introduce even more bugs.
1	The screen cap just looks like they had a feeder.... The title says hackers  so maybe a hacking feeder....
1	I played about 300 games of dominion and have won over 50% of them to be comfortable enough to say that this is not the case. The beauty of dominion is that it is very difficult to get truly fed, as the gold per kill is rather minimal, with only a small experience reward also. Thus snowballing doesn't have the same effect as in Summoners Rift. At the end of a game if you look at the team stats the gold difference between teams is 1000 gold or less, even if it felt like a one sided match.   However as gold and experience is supplied over time rather than through farming or teamfighting, the game becomes more about picking 2/3 items that will carry you through a match as the games tend to last 20 minutes.  Furthermore, the strategy of the game is more similar to a game like Battlefield and the constant PvP is like in ARAM. The way to win dominion is not through getting fed, its through pressing for objective advantages, be them mappressure, defensive pressure or seizing on a 5 v 4 situation.   Dominion trained me to look at the minimap more often and opponents items. It also gave me a lot of experience team fighting and duelling an opponent that SR cant (farm farm farm FIGHT farm) in the same period of time, and with a champion i could become familiar with (oh Sion in aram who I bought on a whim... lets see if I can learn anything in case I roll him in aram next month).   Lastly iteration and learning champion power spikes. 1 game = 20 mins. YOu can iterate item sets faster and with stronger feedback in SR. Only play BOT lane in SR but didn't know that Renekton trails off earlier than most conventiaonal toplaners? Well thats because you are fighting him as Varus at lvl 4 and not when you would fight him at lvl 9 for the first time.
0	Here is an actually unpopular opinion:   Integrity in combination with anti-war becomes anti-military. I think the actions of most militaries in all recent confrontations have been despicable. The cost of War is enormous and the misery caused is horrifying. Military actions are taken way too lightly in the public eye and murder should be taken as seriously in combat as it is in day to day life. If, like me, you see these actions as amoral then any soldier carrying out these actions is also to blame. I fully understand the position these soldiers are in and the completely unfair circumstance they face once they are in a position where they are ordered to act immorally however I don't think that position is an excuse to simply carry out orders.   Everyone in the military knows that they may be placed in an impossible situation where they have a choice to either act immorally or support others acting that way and they still went ahead and joined the military. They CHOSE to be in that position so the actions and consequences are still on their heads. It is not enough to simply say "I was following orders" when it comes to murdering innocent people which is fairly unforgivable in every context.   We all have the capacity to put aside our ethics however this is not something that I think can be condoned. The whole is comprised of the individuals. These individuals have committed or supported heinous acts and they should be seen by society as guilty of the crimes that have  committed.
0	Personally, I don't think "Anti-Military vibe" = "anti-troops vibe"; i.e. I can't stand some of the decisions made by my government (Iraq anyone?) but that doesn't mean I don't support those men and women who put it on the line for our "freedom".  I may hate the IRS, but the people working there are doing a job, just like members of the military.  On the other hand, without citizens willing to blindly fight and kill anyone they are told, government leaders (bush anyone?) wouldn't be able to carry out such horrific acts...
1	The money isn't everything thing is't a good comparison, because a spoiled rich kid didn't work and earn themselves the money, it was given to him. Qtpie has the skill and earned the Elo himself.   A better comparison is a kid from the streets ending up some billionare on wallstreet because he had the smarts to do so. It's possible, yeah, but YOU have to be skilled enough.   Supports CAN 2v1 and CAN carry out of low elo if they deserve to carry themselves out. I'm a shitty player, but a friend of mine is diamond and I've seen him 2v1 and carry as his adc (sometimes me) feeds.
0	because real friends don't need something from you all the time. There is no sexual tension between two straight men. It allows them to just be themselves and be comfortable with it. You can go weeks without seeing/talking to each other and still walk right in the front door, without knocking and head straight for the fridge for drinks/snacks, because you know he'd do the same at your house. You can hang out and do  absolutely nothing ALL day  and it was an awesome day. Even the woman a guy ends up marrying will rarely have the same qualities and allow a guy to be in the same level of comfort that he is with a good friend. Acquaintances come and go, marriages end, even families can have a permanent falling out, but true friends will always be.   ... um ... no homo...
1	Ryze is better suited as a niche or counter pick, You can be successful picking him before your opponent but it can screw him over because of his short range.   Pros     Can be built several ways, letting you counter your lane / enemies.   Is a tanky nuker, his damage scales dramatically as the game progresses.   Sets up ganks very well and can roam effectively.     Cons     Is very easy to shut down early game (Although if you make it to late game you will still be able to contribute).     Short range, you will always need to be up in your enemies faces.     He is viewed as 'easy to play' which is true but he is harder to master, people don't give good Ryze players enough credit because of his innate scaling / being tanky via items.       Ryze basically boils down to being a front line AP bruiser (Vlad, Swain, Diana), His kit lets you start fights or peel for your team and his AoE burst is a god send in team fights. He actually fits many team comps well, If you have a high damage jungler that has little CC (Shyvana, Olaf, Master Yi, Ect) He sets up ganks amazingly.   He kinda comes and goes in popularity but generally is a pretty consistent champion. He does get boring to play for seasoned players after awhile because he has zero skill shots but if you're playing with friends / team he is a decent pick up.
0	A lot of us grew up with family constantly sharing photos and wanting to see photos of each others trips and big events. We now have a way that we can do so that doesn't involve physical photo albums or slides. And my great grandmother in Mexico can now have my cousins show her the photos the rest of her family here in the US. What we have now is an extension of that. Also keep in mind that the advent of digital photography has made it infinitely easier to take pictures anywhere and anytime without the added step of development. The photos are there for people who care and can easily be ignored by those who don't.
0	And people in the US will tip 20 - 25% for good service.   Your point?   > Like I said, it doesn't matter how you slice the pie...   Like I already explained, that's wrong.   >Competition is a very efficient way to distribute resources   No, it isn't.   >this is accepted in every modern school of economic thought.   You have no idea about economics if you believe what you just said is true in any way whatsoever. Maybe you should actually study economics before discussing economics.   >What does gambling have to do with anything?   Your wage getting arbitrarily decided based on what people you serve = a gamble.   >Not necessarily, tipping provides a more granular incentive/reward system for quality of services.   It's an arbitrary and unfair service that is discriminating.   >Thus why wait service in France is notoriously shitty.   Service in France is notoriously shitty due to shitty French culture. Fact.   I'm living in Vienna, Austria. It's the city with the highest quality of living on the planet and I have absolutely zero complaints about service here... and Austria (and especially Vienna) is a socialist wonderland.   >To make less than minimum wage after tips in the US, you generally have to be a poor performer as compared to your peers.   Or simply ugly.   It's also irrelevant considering the fact that minimum wage in the US is a joke. ;)   >If you aren't making more than minimum wage after tips, you're probably going to get fired anyway.   Well, if that's the way it is then how do you justify a tip-dependent system? If every good worker makes more than minimum wage anyway, how about enforcing a system that is guaranteeing that salary? You still haven't explained that.
1	For the people asking me about a solo queue tier list, I'll just type a short one real quick:   Tier 1:   Lucian  - Overall really strong kit, can be picked in any situation, strong laning phase, mid game and late. Good at snowballing and can take control of lane once you get a lead really easily. Has no real drawbacks.   Twitch  - Decent laning phase, snowballs really hard, amazing late game, the only ADC to have map pressure past mid game due to his stealth and can pick easily, and his ult just tears through teamfights. However has no escape once his stealth is used other than slow.   Tier 2:   Draven  - Extremely strong throughout the game, and can snowball because of passive, however lack of mobility makes him a risky pick. Ult can be used to snipe people across the map, and can use his E to interrupt gapclosers (Lee Q, Jax Q midway thru animation etc,) Hard to play mechanically, but gets easier to play after you learn how to juggle axes   Jinx  - Decent laning phase, can snowball due to passive and ult, great mid and late game + really good at taking towers down. Extremely immobile however has a great self peel kit with w and e.   Caitlyn  - Extremely strong lane, decent mid game and great late game. Great at poking, and can snowball advantage by going to other lanes and sieging.   Tier 3:   Kog'Maw & Corki & Miss Fortune & Sivir  - Don't have that much personal experience with this tier, but Corki and MF are both really strong laners, and I think we will see a resurgence of MF soon. Kog'maw seems to be decent as well with Botrk > Trinity. Sivir has a weak laning phase but can just push into tower all day and her ult is great for teamfights.   Tier 4:   Graves  - Weak early due to range, but has a massive powerspike once you get bloodthirster. Can snowball pretty hard. Decent mid and late game. Easy to grab kills with Q R, and a well placed W can turn the tide of a lot of fights.   Ezreal  - Weak laning phase, ok mid game and ok late game, one of the most mobile AD carries, easy to carry with if you can snowball early. If you fall behind, very very difficult to come back from and has a lot less damage than other ADs if you're not fed. Really fun to play tho   Vayne  - Shittiest laning phase out of all AD carries, needs a lot of jungle pressure early or make really decisive trades, make one mistake and you're fucked, however if you get a lot of help and you get ahead then you can snowball, great in small skirmishes and 1v1s, has a lot of outplay potential, and great vs tanks. Decent midgame and decent late game. Short range sucks tho.   Tier 5  - The rest of them
0	religions and diets aren't analogous.  Also, how do you force veganism on a child? They go to school where diets are omnivorous.  Just because parents cook vegan at home does not mean it is forced.  Forcing a child to be religious, on the other hand, can actually be detrimental.  Young minds are impressionable and often times do not part with false beliefs formed in developmental periods.  Living as a religious person and then coming to realize religion is false can be traumatic and change your whole foundation of belief and morality.  Veganism? It's a fucking dietary preference.  While there are many, many moral reasons for being vegan, it is not a religion or foundation of belief.  It is a cause of some other belief.  As long as these beliefs are not forced upon a child there is no reason a vegan diet provided at home is wrong.  Parents have been making children eat shit they don't want to since the beginning of fucking time.
0	That's a sticky argument. I absolutely understand. But as a server who's also bussed, bartended, and run food, that's just not how I choose to be.   First, in PA at least, your employer can not MANDATE any tipout. They can't make the guests tip you, and they can't make you tip your bartender/busser/etc. Your tips are yours. I assume this varies by state.   So, and again only speaking to PA because that's where I know the law, if I get stiffed on a check, I don't  have to  tip out on those sales. In my aforementioned anecdote, I would be legally protected (and many would say morally okay) to have done just that and tipped out only on the $13 I actually got  or  tipping out nothing.   I personally don't do that. I have a lot of reasons for it, but the
0	If that's what people think Sonics fans did/were supposed to do, they are gravely mistaken.   Let me put it this way (and this is not based on my own feelings as a fan): Once Seattle gets a team again (whether it be through expansion or relocation) OKC will probably end up being our rival, based purely on the spite and contentment most fans around here harbor towards the "OKC Franchise".   Seattle has gotten screwed over by the NBA (the deal really should have ended up like our attempts to acquire the SA Kings or we should have gotten the Kings, not this middle ground we find ourselves in), and it is just one more instance that continues to perpetuate this persona of Seattle being an underdog (the very same reason we are so electrified over the recent emergence of the Seahawks as a respectable team in the eyes of the NFL, or at least no longer a joke team in a joke league).   I can see why most people around here do not support the Thunder, I agree with the sentiment on most counts, but I do not extend that to the players themselves. I will always enjoy watching Kevin Durant play just as I still love watching Ray Allen on the Heat and when he was with the Celtics (I even came to love Russel Westbrook and James Harden through their championship run last year) but the fact remains that our scum bag owner did a scum bag deal with another owner that was allowed by scum bag Stern and would not hear any other proposals that sprung up in 2008, and our investors made a FAR more impressive deal than Sacramento did to keep the Kings. We were robbed of a team and we are not going to support the franchise now that it has been taken from us.
1	Well please don't write about the bot lane if you don't play it often... Almost every ADC does quite well with leona. In fact leona is probbably the strongest support to duel cause of her passive that is almost unable to trade with. And caitlyn is not even close to being passive... Caitlyn is an amaizing early and late game ADC cause of her range and the e that can reposition her a lot. But her mid game is probbably the worst of all ADC-s cause she is quite unable to escape any lock downs. Usually the problem, specially in low ELOs are leonas because they are a way too greddy and are just waiting to e all the time.
1	That's neat
0	Hello, someone who has driven across the US 2 1/2 times here   I come from Maryland where this doesn't really apply as much, but I've noticed that when you have no one in front of you, you drive a little slower and drive more passively. When there are cars in front of you, you will typically try to catch up to them and when you do, you're already going faster than them so you keep making passes until eventually you're out in front and you stop paying attention to catch-up and more to the speed limit. When I get passed, its always a sign to me that I'm not keeping up with the flow of traffic and need to speed up, when I'm alone its a sign that no one else is keeping up and I should slow it down before cops come.
0	Lawyer here.  Legally speaking, you're right - it is negligence, in this case on a basis of strict liability.  Strict liability means that negligence is implied if something goes wrong, because the actor had "exclusive control" of the situation (for bad example, if there is one guy in an elevator and it starts reeking of fart, he's strictly liable for the fart unless you believe in ghosts farting), or if the activity he's engaging in is one that is abnormally or extremely dangerous and it is expected the actor use extreme care and caution in engaging in the activity, and is responsible for any negative outcomes that result from such action.   Here, it's obvious the guy is negligent under the latter theory of strict liability.  He's a gun instructor, who trains the use of guns and handles guns with live ammunition.  He is responsible for the safety of every person in that room since he has (apparently?) been licensed/allowed to engage in such activity around groups of people.  No excuse, like "he didn't think it was loaded," would apply.  The law considers him to be at fault automatically because something went wrong. This is of course talking about torts (civil) law, not criminal law - which would probably require some sort of intent or recklessness to rise to the level of criminal negligence.
0	Stopped at a stop sign today ready to turn left. A car is coming from the right with her left hand turn signal on so I wait for her to turn left as she has the right of way. She just stops and looks at me.... on a major through road.... just staring. I motion for her to go.... she just stares blankly at me as cars line up behind her. She finally takes the hint, shrugs and turns left. I just shake my head as I now have to wait for the four cars behind her before I can turn.
0	I used to work at AT&T so I did the math regularly. I actually was working while getting my CS degree so I did the math for fun, and helped coworkers and customers understand it all the time. NOTE: All of this assumes that you are NOT an a grandfathered plan and are instead on the new Mobile Share Value plan. If all of your lines aren't sharing the same data pool, none of this will apply to you.  EDIT: This also may be outdated since it's been nearly a year since I've worked there. I know Verizon's plans just recently changed to be a bit cheaper, idk where AT&T's at.   The math is simplest when you consider the total discount you're getting at various places. They'll all have different upfront/monthly costs, but the format is simple enough and the discounts are easy to point out.   Option 1: Contract. You get an upfront discount on your phone. In MOST cases, this is a $450 discount. Everything else is going to be charged in full, including the $40 contract fee and the $40 line cost per month.   Option 2: Installment. These don't come with interest charges so again, the discount is easy to calculate. First, the $40 contract fee is waived since you aren't buying into a contract. Second, it depends on which share plan you're on. If you have less than 10GB, then the line you're considering this phone purchase for gets a $15 discount each month. If it's 10GB or higher, it's a $25 discount each month. So depending on the plan it's $40 + ($360 or 600) = $400 or $640 discounted.   Option 3: Buy the phone yourself from a third party source, without a contract, and not full price from the carrier. Get the exact same plan discount as the Next option, in addition to what you saved on the phone.   Benefits of each option:   1) You tend to get a smaller monthly cost since you paid a "down payment" up front.   2) No down payment, and for families this usually ends up costing less than a contract. In fact, I convinced my parents do move to a 10GB plan on Verizon's equivalent More Everything plan, because we have 5 people on the plan and 4GB ends up costing more than 10GB once you have 4 people on the plan. They just have to be careful to budget for the slightly higher monthly price to offset the lack of down payment.   3) Largest upfront cost, but this is the least expensive option in the long run.
1	It's this way most midlaners in LCS games.   TSM is known for getting hard carried by Bjerg. Every team knows this, TSM knows it. Santorin highly prioritizes mid lane to push this even further. All mid laners play scared because they know that, when Bjerg all ins them, Santorin is likely to be around. This gives Bjerg so much amplified pressure, even if Santorin is nowhere near.  XWX is one of those mid laners who don't give a fuck, as well as Keane as seen yesterday. Also, regarding this specific game, add in that early Lustboy roam where Link took a flay+flay empowered auto+ignite for half of his HP. He honestly never had a chance without Xmithie heavily focusing his lane, which would have been a terrible idea because they would have lost a 2v2 100% of the time.   Bjergsen is without a doubt the best mid in NALCS, even without jungle pressure. Add Santorin into the mix and people are just straight up scared. I've seen plenty of soloQ games where Bjerg loses lane. He is the best, but he's not unstoppable like he appears to be in LCS.
1	Well when a lot of people started using sites to look up peoples peronal ranks, I also did it quite a lot myself. I would get mad if I would be matched vs a team full of diamonds while we were only silvers. But after a while I learned that it doesn't matter.   Ranks don't matter at all. Just don't check sites such as Lolnexus or don't give a shit about somebody's rank. You yourself should be playing and winning that game, even if you are playing versus a pro team.   In my opinion a (soloque) rank does not say a single thing. Two friends of mine barely play soloque and thus they are mostly unranked or in silver with just placements done. But when we play ranked 5 they really know what they are doing and if they were to play soloque, they could probably reach at least middle diamond.   If the enemy scouts our team in ranked 5 and they are WOW. 2x low plat 1 gold and 2 silvers vs the full dia 1 they have? What should they think? Free elo? Stomp fest? It will probably make them think that they are facing noobs while in fact they are facing a tough enemy.   I don't think matchmaking is a problem atm. As I stated before, soloque ranking =/= ranked 5 ranking. Maybe that way the matchmaking will be more fair on the top, but on the bottem it will be reversed upside down. People with a low soloque mmr since they don't play soloque will be matched with people who are worse and they will probably stomp them, just like some people are being crushed by high elo teams who make a new ranked team.
0	I worked over three years doing exactly this. Our university hired a company and they basically set up above one of the ballrooms on campus. Everyone working there was a student at the school.   The money that we asked for really does help the university (this is a public university, btw, not sure about private). Each year the school has X amount of money in it's budget to work with, and NO ONE understood the concept of a sectionalized budget (just making the name up, it's probably actually called something) where the school has a certain amount of money each year to put towards new/better things.   The school has separate money for it's staff, it's landscaping, it's upkeep on buildings, literally everything that goes into running a school.   Sometimes a school needs more money for one thing than it does for others. It may not need extra money for landscaping, but the money that is there  FOR  landscaping  has to be used  for that purpose, you can't say " oh, we have extra money here, let's give a bonus to our faculty ", it doesn't work like that.   This is the important part , the money that alumni give to the school is  not allocated  towards anything (unless the person giving makes a designation, say, to the volleyball team).   THAT'S  why that money is so important to the university. It almost needs it just to function most years.   Believe it or not, there are a ton of people who give (sometimes thousands of dollars each year) to the school. Yes, there are plenty more that don't, but that's not the point. It's money that the school can use for whatever it needs.   Our school got a ton of backlash last year because it closed down a just-off-campus school that was a huge benefit to education majors (the school's biggest amount of students). The exact same year, they put up a brand new fountain, and half the campus got an upgrade to the walk-ways.   Bonus : Those people who are calling you (more than likely they are students at the school who are working through college to support themselves) don't get any sort of "commission" based off of the gifts that they get alumni to give. They are just students doing work for the school (work that has to be done, too).   For some perspective: Like I said, I used to do this. I wasn't nearly the best, and I still raised a few hundred dollars for the school every day I worked. Our shifts were only about  3 hours long . We had probably 10 or so students a night working there. The best caller always gets the high end prospects, and he raised  well over $3,000  most nights he called them. About  97%  of the gifts I got while I worked over 3 years were ~$20 gifts.
0	Oh, man. I hate ACT administrators. When I took it a second time,  I came into the room, saw one of my friends, and sat across from her and started talking. The douchenozzle noticed this and said "MOVE, NOW, or you can't take the test." So, I did, and he chuckled to himself saying, "never show that you know someone." Honestly, I wouldn't have cheated. During the test, he paced at the front of the room and yelled, literally, YELLED how much time we had left, so I would get incredibly nervous and jumpy. I ended up getting one point fewer than I did the other time I took it (after a prep class) and the distribution clearly goes straight down from best to worse as time went on.
0	I was car shopping on Craigslist about a month and a half ago. I had to go 4 hours to Orlando from Miami to get what I was looking for.   Also, CarFax everything, people are shady as fuck. Some guy told me that this one car for an unbelievable price had a rebuilt title solely because it was stolen, radio removed, and then recovered, only had one owner, and low mileage (as reported on the odometer). Turns out there were 5 owners, had a salvage title (requires a $100 inspection to make it street legal and transition to rebuilt), and the mileage had been rolled back by like 50k. It had been stolen and recovered, though, so there is that. It did drive and look amazing as well.   I found another car, looked great, low miles, etc. After the CarFax, there had been 9 owners and the last 5 got rid of it within 2 months.   And here's my buried lead. I recently found this website, [SearchTempest]( it allows you to search multiple Craigslist areas, ebay, and amazon, concurrently. Having not really used it for too long, I can't really give a solid recommendation one way or the other, but it does or at least appears to, work ok. There may be some nuances to get it to work perfectly, but yeah.   **
1	I think what Riot's really doing here is removing all the skulls from the game to please our Chinese overlord that owns this game. All of the items that have skulls are prioritized and have their skulls removed-vamp scepter, abyssal, dfg. I won't be surprised if a Karthus visual remake is coming out in the near future to "add more flesh" to our favourite lich.
0	Kim Kardasian has an ebay store that sells her second hand designer clothes. She started it in 2002. This week, after 11 years of operation, the store started donating 10% of sales to the Philippine relief charity.   The UK rag the Daily Mail, scandalised this by running a story that implied she had started a charity that only gave 10% of the 'donations' to the Philippine charity.   Reddit, being full of ignorant people who have an irrational hate for rich people, swallowed it whole, without doing any research of their own.
1	if you are gonna have lee sin as your tank so be it, loss on you. you are gonna have one losing frontline doing nothing. i know my shit about lee sin. my experience and my understanding in the game tells me im right about this subject. i dont know what your elo is but at 2k+ it sure is diffrent. and i could care less what the lol wiki says. im really sorry for you if you follow the recommended build for each champ aswell.   why are we even discussing this in the first place.  the reason clg has voyboy is cuz he plays carry toplaners. and hotshot has a tank mentality thats why hes in the jungle to be able to play champions such as maokai, nautilus, alistar.
1	You've actually got a point there, the CDE vs Dig rematch was horrible from a saint point of view. Unfortunately I'm getting the feeling that alot of people are underestimating Dignitas to this day and I have no idea why. Like, I still don't understand why people don't ban Morgana against dignitas, I have yet to see a game where scarra on morg actually looses a game, even with a ping of 300. The other thing is that Jatt's affinity to counter jungle is a well known fact. I have no Idea why fnatic played so horribly yesterday (I have my personal theory but I'm probably blinded by the dignitas hate train)   I'm gonna go on a limp here and defend saint, because I know everyone can have a bad day. I don't know if he had one, but I like to believe he did. Dignitas is stomping right now, whilst still being the least favoured team since the WCG incident and I have to be honest and say I hope TSM puts an end to their ego-streak coming rampage.   As for Jatt, there is no doubt in my mind that he's an excellent jungler, I mean I wish I was as good as him, but that's not necessarily making him the best out there. Also calling him team leader...it's real easy to become team leader as jungler, cause you're the one calling the shots if you're playing junglers like trundle or udyr, they have hard cc they can initiate with, if they go in the lane has to commit. On other junglers the jungler is dependant on the laner where it wouldn't be as easy, but that's just the little experience I have talking.
0	In a university structure there are lecturers, readers, professors, etc, however someone always has someone else above them...even the dean, or head of university, will have someone above them. Simply find out who the head of their department is, go forward with the evidence i.e. the paper, explain the confrontation and say that you are unhappy that you aren't being treated like an adult.   Provided that you are sensible, dont wear fucking jeggings to see the head of department, and that you remain respectful normally the head will speak with the lecturer and you will get your mark put upwards...the lecturer may hate you though, but any mark that you feel is unfair can be submitted to peer review.
0	Dropping weights if you're lifting heavy prevents damage that setting the weights down gently does not, iirc. Especially with heavy stuff.   Grunting is also a sign of exertion and helps some people. It's part of going to the gym.   As for planet fatness, it's a judgement free zone, but there's a lunk alarm to judge me when I go to lift and drop some weights after my set, in order to prevent muscle damage.
1	Interesting, but drafting three champs instead of banning would make the proces very different. Seeing how the ARAM queue already took quite some time to setup (because it was a totally new queue), I'm not sure Riot will put so much effort in redesigning a queue like this. I like the idea, I really do, but it seems it's gonna take up alot of time and resources to set this up. PLUS you can't forgot magma chamber is also a 2v2 map, which might make it complicated if they want to stay true to the current interface (having 6 champs selected for both players).   With the current setup i'd say allowing people to chose 3 champs could work by opening 3 slots for them (as if you have 3 players) and let them fill the slots after eachother. But you're gonna have to have a new way of selecting one of the three afterwards.  I think choosing champs and putting the chosen 3 where you'll find bans in other queues might be too confusing, especially to newer players. Bottomline is, with the 3 pick idea there's gonna have to be some sort of redesign of the pick/ban screen that applies only to this queue. Riot so far hasn't strayed from their original design (aram only changed the lock button into gamble), and I don't think it will be very practical to start doing so for just one new queue.
0	Hang in there OP, it gets better. I recently lived through a similar, yet smaller, situation with one of my grandmothers. My fiancee and I had a daughter prior to our wedding (coming up in 2014) and my grandparents are quite religious. Except, instead of following their religion and being accepting of everyone, they decide to make snide remarks and subtle hints.   We stopped visiting them for the holidays, birthdays etc. Until one day she called me directly to ask us to visit. I told her I would rather not and that we were busy anyways. I then explained to my mom the details of the situation and why I was uncomfortable.   Well, my quiet little mother, who would never hurt a fly, made it clear to the entire family in no uncertain terms that they would be accepting of and love this child No. Matter. What.   We haven't heard a single remark since then. However, I am careful to limit out time around them and wary of situations where a bias could show up.
1	Honestly everyone,  what  do you want? It was an unforeseen incident that happened. That's it. There is no way to to make the process go any faster, so we all just have to buckle down and deal with it! I understand that we have paid for it. Some of us have paid a LOT for it. But it's not like Riot is kicking back and laughing maniacally while they light cigars with $20 bills, leaving this problem for us to just live with, right? They are fixing it! Don't you all remember when we were waiting up to 3 hours to join the game? And that was just a couple of days ago!  Obviously  the problem is on its way to getting fixed. Riot, I know you're doing all you can short of shutting off the game to fix it. You guys are awesome!
0	She wants you to figure out what they mean because for some reason she feels you should know, and when you figure it out you'll have passed her subconscious test. Sometimes people want their SO to do something without them having to spell it out, because if they have to say exactly what they want then you'll do it not because you're in tune with their feelings and actually want to do what they want, but because they said to.   It's kinda annoying, it's probably considered childish, but I'm guilty of doing stuff like this. For me I was insecure about the relationship and wanted her to show me she cared. Did I tell her that when she asked? Nope, because then she'd say/do something to get me to stop acting mopey, instead of realizing what I really wanted on her own and in doing so showing she cared. I've since figured out this is a terrible strategy, but something like that could be what's going on in your case.
1	Alright, so here's how it is - on an equal skill matchup, Caitlyn will never lose her lane to anyone, even Graves. I've watched a good Caitlyn  destroy  the enemy AD completely (cs, harass and deny at the same time, only because of that broken range) and in that matchup you're right, the Graves is pretty much done for.  But  if the Caitlyn had the Janna and the Graves had Sona it's another story entirely. Graves does way more raw damage than Caitlyn and with Sona he's pretty much unstoppable because you can't outplay him. I think this must be the most broken bot lane in the game right now.
0	Im not here to criticize religion, but hearing the same phrase explain someone's devotion to god over 9000 times does get a bit drab, and i'm pretty sure i could write better libretto than most of the classical opera writers.          This is from the cultural view of a modern Canadian however. Music is too dynamic, and if you think about some of the bands you listened to ten years ago compared to now, there are some noticeable changes in what culture the music is geared towards.       As western music is constantly changing to meet the desires of it's ever changing audiences, it is clear that we would naturally be drawn more towards modern music.  I myself neither adhere to utter devotion to god heard in baroque music, nor find songs about Super Bass and Stupid Hoes particularly titillating, but understand that baroque artists wrote based on what they could get away with without inciting wrath of the nearest church. I guess what i'm trying to say is that it's hard to consider one better than the other without being entirely subjective, but admire that composers such as Bach can write music that people appreciate three centuries later.
0	When I was in 5th grade my crush and I were hanging out on Halloween before her big party playing some air hockey. She was dressed up in a costume and looked fantastic! Then the puck got jammed and she said she would get it so I went and sat down on the couch to wait. She bent over and revealed she had no panties on whatsoever (in the 5th grade!! Wtf?). She showed me her bare ass, it was crazy! My genius brain told me to sit there and not make any sudden moves even though she obviously knew what she was doing. Biggest regret of my life so far is not getting up and doing SOMETHING. I would have never had sex with her but I wish I would have made some sort of move..
0	You will get over that. I am 23, never had an official GF, and am currently with an interested girl, though we are not in an official relationship yet. Our feelings are mutual, but we both agree this is not a good time for a relationship. We are both very busy college students, I am a student-teacher getting my license/degree, and she is studying nursing. We both want to commit when we both have the time that each other deserves to commit to each other.   Once in a while the thought of making an official commitment, especially with never having really done it before, scares me to death. What if someone else better is out there? I came to my sense a while back thanks to an article that I cannot remember the source osf at the moment. I am not aware of your religious persuasion, but I am a Christian, and an online article really did it for me.   The
1	The map itself sounds like a mess honestly. Like random flag location. There's no reason to have even a possibility of the flag spawning in front of the monsters, because there goes the point of having them in the first place. And without a more fleshed out visual for how the map (Even an MS paint depiction of what you're thinking of would help more than text to be honest, and might change some of what I said.) would work I don't think theres any possibility for a stealthy flag capture. Either it spawns in front of the monsters and I guess there is a chance(but then the monsters are still redundant), or it spawns behind monsters and it becomes a game of "guard the room that the monster just died in".
1	Jiji's play recently makes me kinda sad. CLG is my favourite team and I know he is one of the best players in the world when he's on his game... but he's been inconsistent recently. He seems too passive now, instead of dominating lanes. Elementz basically said the same thing in a post explaining why they lost (he talked about all the team) last tourney. This is probably gonna get downvoted but oh well.
0	When I was a kid I took swimming lessons and learned the basics, later my dad (who was a Lt. Commander in the Navy, and great swimmer) started to teach me some of the stuff my swim instructors didn't. Drown-proofing and alike.   One of the things he taught me was how to throw a proper punch while treading water. I thought it was rather odd, but he explained that when people panic they will do ANYTHING to survive. Sometimes a drowning man will try to climb up his rescuer to get out of the water, and push the rescuer under. This happened to my dad somewhere in the middle of the Indian ocean. He was on the CV-16 Lexington and for whatever reason (I don't remember) someone was in the water and needing help. My pops watched as the rescue divers went in and the drowning guy started freaking out, trying to climb up the diver to get out of the water. The diver had to knock the guy out and swim him back. Broke his nose, but at least he lived.
0	Can we all calm down just a little bit on this one guys?  We don't need to create our own reaction that is just as bad as the reaction we are condemning here.  I have personally heard a lot of pretty accepting and nuanced commentary on Cuban's comments (listen to the first segment of PTI yesterday for a good example).   Of course the 24 hour news machine is going to go full tilt into outrage mode, that's their business model, it's how they make money.  I feel pretty safe in assuming that most of the people who frequent this site understand that.   We, as a culture, could definitely get better about talking about race.  I think all of us are sometimes guilty of retreating to our respective foxholes too quickly on this subject, regardless of which side of the issue we find ourselves on.  But if we want to get better about this, we can't just start lobbing grenades at each other and keep belly-aching about those damn racist bigots or those hypocritical SJWs who always/never blah blah blah blah . . . . We need to start taking each other seriously and realize that past a certain point of obvious, foaming at the mouth bigotry, we are all on the same side and that race is an issue that we are all trying to get better at.   My personal take on the subject is that Cuban raised a pretty good point about not necessarily exiling someone with views he considered inappropriate, but with trying to work with them and help them come around.  I don't necessarily feel like that applies to Donald Sterling here; but as a fellow NBA owner, I can see where he is worried about the precedent set by a guy being forced to sell his team over things he said in the supposed privacy of his own home.  However, the example of a black guy with a hoodie was kind of an unfortunate one and that he probably should have used a less charged example to get his point across, something [Cuban himself concedes](
1	Basically, it is my understanding that the "minion" was used as a base class through which most/all other classes in the code inherit their properties. A lot of the spells in the game, including notable examples like Trundle's pillar, Anivia's Wall, and Jarvan's Cataclysm are reported to use the minion base-class as a parent class to cause the spell effects.   For some things, like Zyra's Plants, Jungle Mobs, Baron, Dragon, and Heimer turrets, this makes pretty obvious sense: They produce a unit, the unit has behavior similar to minions (attack and move algorithms are probably similar if not identical in many regards.   Other spells, like Anivia's Wall, are harder to understand, as they don't move and they don't attack. However, these spells still need to be able to spawned and despawned easily (to avoid memory problems) and they need to affect pathing (which can be a bitch to deal with). It makes sense, then, to take a datatype that has already been well-tested and widely used to create these effects (especially because these effects are already present as part of the object).   The problems that arise from this are that any changes to the base class(ese) can trickle down and affect other classes, which can cause any number of hard to foresee problems. It can also make the code-base unwieldy and hard to navigate.   The benefits, though, mean that you can iterate quickly, and produce output more rapidly. When riot was small and still getting on their feet, that was a larger priority. Unfortunately, that means that a lot of the legacy code is, for lack of a better word, probably sloppy. I know some rioter (I forget which) was going through and trying to polish up a lot of legacy code, but the extent that the code relies on itself in so many places is probably a large hurdle, and makes it hard to test individual aspects without destroying other ones in the process.
0	This applies to review systems all over the internet, by the way.  In just one week I had negative reviews of a shitty Linksys router declined by Office Depot, and negative review of a poor quality golf travel bag declined by Golfsmith - in both cases the retailer from whom I purchased the item.  I failed to follow "community guidelines" which must include something like "all reviews must reflect positively on our merchandise".   So I went over to Amazon and found the same products - and gave them a honest but scathing review over there.  Amazon is legit, by the way.
0	One of my friends did this with my skate 3 game. I let him borrow it for a week and when i asked for it back, he said he lost it. I found out it was sold because i went to a friends house and he said he got it from said friend and it had the significant scratch on the picture on the disk. What makes it worse is that a couple months prior-when i got it, he was the person i bought it off of.
1	1) miss E, still engage 2) dont shield self in 1v1 fight so no extra lifesteal+shield 3) dont use ignite --> q --> ult --> q 4) ...
1	Your ISP can do DNS caching too, and regardless of the type of connection, having a DNS client on your PC prevents your computer from having to wait 20-40 ms with each request (which there are typically 20-30 of for each webpage)
0	As a DJ, I can somewhat defend these stations that you're all talking about.   We DO NOT  control what gets played 100% of the time. Most of the time, we can essentially put our station on "shuffle" and it plays whatever is in our library. Other times, when a station needs more listeners, they play the most popular thing that they have.
0	This is hardly related, but I once met a dude at a party who remembered just a shitload about me. He described, in perfect detail, a field trip that we took in cub-scouts when we were toddlers. It was as if we had been friends our entire lives and I had just neglected him or something. I felt so awkward until later that night, when it was revealed to me that he did the same thing with everyone he met. Like, the dude remembered everything that had ever happened to him in perfect clarity. I ended up sitting in my buddy's garage and just having him dig up all of these memories of mine that I hadn't thought of in several years. He described people that I had known during my childhood that had since faded almost entirely from memory and shed light on what exactly my friends and I were like as children. It was fucking awesome.
1	It's because we will and have seen the thresh vayne combo before. We have seen Lucian, we have seen Zed(though I would like to see how he fares on this stage with exhaust and heal nearly nullifying him.)   Every jungle and most tops know how to play Lee, we see it every other game, but you don't see many pros playing Urgot, Talon, Shaco(outside of Crumbzz in soloq really) or even Cassiopeia. All of which are very good at their roles if played correctly, and some outstrip others in damage nearly all game long while sacrificing a bit of safety.   All-Stars this year wasn't supposed to be tryhard playing tryhard, there's no extra spot at world's on the table for the winners, this is a spectacle tournament meant purely to showcase each region's pro personalities for everyone to meet other pros they probably wouldn't otherwise meet.
0	i agree to not talk bad about the dead for the rest of the family, but i do not understand lying about the dead.... My grandmother was a horrible person who sued my mom for my late uncle's life insurance money. My mom inherited it from  due her being the only one to help him when he was alive. Grandmother only showed up to see if he died yet to "get her money".... At the funeral everyone cried and said how good of a person she was.... Me and one of my aunts stood around looking at everyone like they were crazy and making fun of the old bat.
0	Yo, I don't wanna rain on your day or anything, but being overweight isn't healthy and you should probably do something about it."   "OH SHIT Y'DON'T SAY!?" Believe it or not, us fat people are aware of our being fat, and indeed, how bad it is for our long-term health. Now, I consider myself fortuate, since (according to the  Bullshit  Body Mas Index) I'm only 'overweight', and not obese. Even still, I get people giving me shit for being fat, and I should exercise more and eat better.   Listen here, Mr. Helpful: my job includes lifting heavy boxes and moving them from one place to another for six and a half hours out of eight. I sweat buckets even in the dead of winter, because not only do I have to move this heavy shit, but I gotta work -fast-. I couldn't exercise any harder if I tried, and even if I wanted to, by god, I don't have the energy to exercise after work, much less the time. (It's eleven in the evening by the time my shift is over.)   I could eat better I suppose, but I'm not making a lot of money at this job, and the sad fact is that in North America, eating crap is more affordable than eating well. I'm in the process of looking for a job in the field that I went to college for, but it's an employer's market right now, and very few have interviewed me; none have extended an offer. Maybe, some day, when I can afford to, I will buy better food and start shedding pounds, but until that happens, I respectfully ask that you fuck off with your sanctimonious bullshit.
0	Meh, I suppose, but I do think I went a bit overboard with my soapbox speech. I'm ashamed for sounding sexist towards both sexes. It was not my intent, but somehow it came out that way. I always seem to screw opinions like this up. I really do think revealing clothes is an issue that needs to be discussed, but without having to navigate through all this  bullshit. Every time I have to say, "No, I'm not advocating rape." and "I'm not saying women shouldn't be proud of their bodies." (which, if you think about it, makes their argument about how women are sexualized hypocritical, they're doing it to themselves), and all that, and my original topic gets lost, as you said. So
0	I had roommates with this logic. It's not exactly fair though. When my boyfriend moved in with me we showered together, watched tv at the same time, and shared a laptop, there's no way he contributed more to utilities. My roommate however ran a huge desktop computer 24/7 and then had to run a/c constantly to cool his room because the computer produced so much heat. Our power bill went up $100 in a month and he tried to blame it on my bf. He went so far as to claim that opening the fridge more often was the reason the power went up. At the same time he'd have his "sex slave" over for half the month who would bring her own laptop and shower separately. There was no resolution, my boyfriend and I had to move out and I still "owe" one roommate $100 for power that the other roommate should be paying for.
0	I was surprised how easy it was to break my toe when I stumbled into the base of a couch just after waking up.  Now I have a fucked up looking toe that shoots off to the side.  Unless I want to let a doctor break it again and put a pin in it.
1	butthurt fanboys aren't downvoting him. That is why that why nunu why line is so famous. It was hotshots fault, didn't realize nunu walked up warded and walked away, was already halfway down river by the time hotshot decided to go aggressive.
0	That's what I thought this post meant - I thought it was aimed at the couple, not the individual bride or groom. Your wedding day is about you for you - everyone else its about the being there for you and everyone getting together. For my wedding I came to terms with the fact that everything we chose came with the "what would suit our guests" at the end of it, eg, would our guests want to drive around from ceremony to reception etc? Nope - all in one venue it is. We knew what we wanted, but at the end if the day if it was about us we would have had a registry wedding to make it all about us. I don't know that I got my point across very well..
0	Your analogy is a terrible one. See, the issue with duct-taping shoes is that it does not actually get the laces tied together in a knot.   Your analogy would be more correct if you made it analogous to teaching the bunny-ear method but the student decides to make a loop and rap the other lace into forming the EXACT same knot. That's great right, a student took the time to think of a different way of solving a problem than I came up with.   When someone asks you to prove whether or not someone is speeding, if you take all the given information, and correctly give an argument as to why they are speeding or not LOGICALLY, it does not matter if you followed the same exact procedure, you still proved to me that you can figure out if someone is speeding. If you want someone to solve problems a certain way, write problems such that you explicitly demand them to solve it a certain way, or write them so the optimal way is to solve it the way you want.   Taking off points when you did not EXPLICITLY tell them to use a certain method is just BULLSHIT. We should not punish someone for thinking creatively and finding quick mental short cuts that let them solve problems more easily. Otherwise we give the message that people aren't supposed to think outside the box but stay well within what you told them to do, which I can guarantee is not the only way to do it.
1	Well 2 things, a making sure the biggest event they've ever run in 3/4 different countries runs smoothly, would temporarily take the top seat yes. And to go further on that, now Worlds is over, people seemed to think that a large company can only do 1 task at a time. There are many groups doing many different tasks at the exact same time. Champs and skins will still come out because those people probably don't have the skills to deal with infrastructure. Also, people act as if picking up and moving the base of Everything, without shutting down the service for anywhere from a week to a month is a simple task, if Riot was able to solve this problem in anything under 2 years, it would be incredible! Let's just make Riot the NWO cause that would be the greatest move in the history of infrastructure.
0	Actually OP, humanity grows more than enough food to feed everyone in the world.  The problems are transportation and politics, not a need for bigger corn.
0	Oh yeah, at 14 I worked 12 hour shifts at the mill, my vacation was jumping out of an airplane to shoot nazi's.........   >So get off of your collective self-entitled asses and stop bitching that mommy and daddy didn't buy you this or that and go fucking get it yourselves!   The world is now very specialized, generalists dont make much and attempting to specialize costs a large amount of money. Notice I said "attempt" I spent way longer getting college than I could have because I worked through it to avoid having to pay student loans without a degree, it hurt my grades and later on, my career options.   While you are partially right in that kids feel excessively entitled, any reasonable person would say this mother has her priorities messed up if her children rank lower than a vacation home. Thats barring some major issues like drug abuse or multiple college failures or something.
1	You sound like you need to read this:   "Not fun isn't the same as anti-fun - it's an interesting distinction actually.   Think of it in positive, negative and zero terms. Fun is clearly positive. Not fun is Zero. Anti-fun is negative on that scale. Skills that fail the fun vs. anti-fun test is when one player's fun isn't really counterbalanced by the negative on the other player - And the important thing is this isn't zero-sum, suprisingly.   The subjectivity of this comes where you set your zero-point for things.   However, there are lots of things that simply aren't fun from a player perspective that is negative fun for the opponent - If for example, I made a button that lets you physically beat someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - that's not enjoyable for me - and it's very very negative for you. That's an example of a non zero-sum scenario.   As to the concern that 'anti-fun principles are hindering creativity' - well.. I'm not sure about that - you may want to ask yourself whether or not creative uniqueness is a priority for designs or not - Solid gameplay, for example, is a great goal to strive for, even if it's unoriginal.   Even though I tinker with crazy stuff all the time, I would always trade something that is solid to play rather than original/unique and mediocre."   " Do you not understand that the people doing the stunlocking and bursting are also having fun?   That statement kind of leads to the thought that having an infinite combo in a game is good design because it supposedly lets one player have an infinite amount of gratification.   Again, the measure is fun vs. anti-fun a lot of the time - Anivia's wall creates many more awesome moments than bad ones for your team - It's about ratios - And like I said before, it's a subjective point on where your zero point is.   Anti-fun is typically embodied by lock-down, shut down, or obscure-counter mechanics - They almost universally restrict and control the opponent's range of options - leading to less play overall simply because your opponent reacts less. Yes, while there will always be people who find pleasure in fighting helpless opponents who simply sit there and do  nothing  at all (see above, for the infinite case), I don't think this is gameplay we should encourage.   Chair-Beating   You're telling me that you would willingly play a game, where every so often, the opponent gets to beat you senseless with a chair? That's kind of a scary thought."
0	Yes those outlets exist for adults but that doesn't mean having the social skills to deal with someone that is being an ass isn't still valuable. The problem today is the term "bullying" is used too loosely. I don't think anyone would argue that if a kid's health or personal well being is in danger the kid just needs to "suck it up" and learn to deal with it. That's not what anyone is saying. The problem is when little Johnny goes home and tells his parents that Jimmy kept calling him names on the playground. Then the parents storm into the school demanding resolution.
1	It's a bug..   "V1.0.0.120: Will now mark you in combat for receiving/dealing any damage, even if it is absorbed by shields."
0	I am irritated by people who can't handle odours. I can unwrap a dressing from a diabetic foot (sic!) and take all the smell.   You just need to relay that stimulus from the olfactory bulb that goes past thalamus (as opposed to any other sensory modality). It takes training, it takes what behavioral scientists call "cognitive appraisal". Don't be pussy, control your affect, control your emotional response!   Body odor (and any other kind of odor) is a phenomenon of the world. Social constructs require just as much critique as them.   Yeah, diabetic foot (which is 5-7 times worse than any sweat odor) smells bad, it's a fact, but even more irritating are the people who can't deal with it.
0	I have always thought that the odds are in your favor once you get into your mid-twenties for meeting women. After all, you have a bigger pool to choose from. For example: when you are 18, you pretty much are limited to people around the age of 18-22. However, when you turn 25, the range can be 18-30 or so. That is a lot more possibility. Am I wrong? Not to mention all of the girls you went to school with who will be recently divorced.
1	You totally missed the point. Nothing excuses what they did here and of course they should be punished. I never said his off meta strategy was a problem. But from personal experience many players who do this in normals have a "fuck it" additude where once it doesn't work they want to pretend they weren't really trying anyways. So the next 30 min of the game is just them fucking around while you try to play 4v5. Evidence for this includes a incredibly high cs score as support (without penalising his adc much) with very low kill participation and a high number a towers taken by his team. Leading me to believe his team was ahead but he just afk split pushed (or more likely farmed jungle as yi is inexplicably behind jungle shen in cs), dying repeatily, while his team 4v5'd until fizz/riven were outscaled.   For all we know it could have been that OP didn't get his role so he decided to troll from the start. And we know absolutely nothing about the chat in the game where OP could have been an absolute ass the entire time saying things just as bad as we see here (making the response feel justified even though its not).
1	I really don't know what AD carries want at this point.   Assassin meta? Frustrating to play against since they can 1-shot all AD carries.   Poke/Siege meta? Frustrating to play against since they can poke non-stop and most of the AD carries are helpless against this.   Tank meta? Frustrating to play against since they're too tanky and AD carries are having trouble with killing them.   edit: Thornmail is a fine item in the late game. With LW-BT it's not like you are killing yourself. There is also an elixir for more lifestealing.   edit2: Please don't make arguments like "6 item Twitch can't kill 6 item Maokai". Well, you see, Twitch is a hypercarry but he isn't strong against tanks. "Maokai with FH-Thornmail-Warmogs-whatever else can't be killed" If Maokai is fed, yes, he should be hard to kill. He is tank, his itemization is tanky, he buys them to become hard to kill and he is fed so he has lots of gold. Isn't it only normal that he is hard to kill at that point?   Meanwhile Kog'maw shreds through Thornmail tanks. Vayne kites them forever and can actually kill them. Jinx outranges tanks and deals heavy damage in the short range with a HP scaling ultimate. Caitlyn is Caitlyn.   And there are also 4 members of your team. If they don't help you, you should be bound to death by the enemy frontliners. This is only natural for AD carries since most of them(except Urgod) meant to be squishy and weak alone.
1	Some QoL changes would be great so there would be less kiting of course, but one thing that always bugged me was Cho getting blocked by minions, particularly when an enemy dashes over them and you have to target where they're going to be to start your combo. As a result Cho ends up blocked by the minion and dances in place doing some ballerina twirl. I would suggest that once Cho has 3-6 stacks of Feast that he no longer has collision with minions, as he's obviously large enough to step over them. This would definitely help him get his skills off more reliably. As it is, Minions OP.
1	i don't understand   ppl start saying   he  should make  PLAYS  hosw this  supposed to happen with  lucian  who brings  nothing to table after   30 min mark.
1	If you want in depth explanations for both matchups, check out goldfather8's guide to riven on solomid.net. I can't access it right now but I will link it when I can get into the site.  Until then, I'll do my best to explain both. Olaf is actually a manageable lane for Riven (let's be honest, all lanes are for her). The key is baiting and timing your e in such a way as to blow his e for free, as well as to make him spend mana, because this is what you have over him - you outsustain him as a non-mana based champion. Be very careful about all inning him, as he can fight back very well. A trick you can use, should an all in go awry, is to flash out after he exhausts, pops ult, or what have you. As he chases (and he will chase), wait until his ult, w, or whatever else he popped drops, and turn on him with your full combo. The lane requires you to outplay him, but it is definitely playable.   As far as Garen, again you will want to abuse your e as much as possible. Make sure to use it before his silence lands, and kite out of his spin as quickly as you can. The goal here is to bait out his skills before going on him with your standard harass combo (1 q in, w, finish q combo, e out), and if you can do this more than once then the lane will begin to move in your favor. Be very careful when he hits level 6 though.Once you have farmed a bloodthirster, you will begin winning the lane, but it is still very difficult depending on how Garen chooses to build.
0	We use to do this thing in high-school called "striking a lift".  It is when you walk up to your friend and flick up their nipple through their shirt with your index finger knuckle.  It got pretty serious because between classes, dudes would strike you JUST as you were about to walk by.  By then you couldn't get them back because the congested halls would protect them.   Well, I almost did this to a female friend during the peak of the Lift Wars.  It was just total reaction.  She tried to playfully poke my side as we walked by in the hall way and out of sheer reaction I reached in for the kill.  Thankfully, as my knuckle was in transit to lift her nipple I quickly moved up and poked her nose.  It was awkward as fuck for me cause I knew what almost happened but she didn't notice a thing.
1	Likelihood is you are in (or will end up in once you learn a bit more) the top 99% of players based on your last hitting alone, even though you are slightly exaggerating the numbers. There is a hidden matchmaking rating for normal games and so once you start nearing 30 you should end up with more skilled players if you win a lot more than you lose.   You cannot do ranked until you hit 30. If you are as good as I think you are your ranked games will be against lower skill level players than your normal games initially. This is what happened to me - was getting matched vs 2k+ players (their ranked rating) in normals consistently upon hitting 30. Differently - every ranked game I played I never felt the opponents were that strong.   One thing to note is there is an inflated ELO gain/loss for the first X number of ranked games (not sure on the details exactly) but essentially if you win a lot out of the gate you will rise. Fast. Likewise if you lose a lot early on you'll end up in the depths with all the people who think they deserve a higher rating but actually got carried any time they won a game.
1	I'm not sure, but i'm 100% sure i saw you at anime expo 2014. I didn't want to bother you in your free time though, so I just kinda stared at you as you left. I was shocked, so i imagine it wasn't creepy.
0	My dad is a professor at a college and had this one girl who was absolute hell. She got a C in the class and with a lot of extra credit and kindness, was willing to give her a B. This, however, was not good enough. She "deserved an A and would stop at nothing to get it. My dad was under a lot of stress because he was trying his full professorship and thought he could get her off his back with the B. After a few attempts at an A failed, she seemed to back down. That was until my dad got an email from the girls mother inquiring about her daughters grade. My father then naively emailed her the grade (just the letter, not the actually number). The next day my dad's gets called into his boss's office because the mother and daughter said they were going to sue my dad for giving out the girl's grade without the girl's permission and weren't going to drop the charges unless she was given an A. My dad was absolutely appalled. Over the next couple of days he and the mother/daughter bitch combo had multiple meetings and it was deemed that by being related to the girl and a few other stipulations made it perfectly fine for my dad to have answered her grade question. As a result of all the stress from this event and a few other things, my father lost every hair on his body from alopecia. Fuck that bitch and her mother.
0	from what I can tell, you are forced to create a Google+ account in order to interact on youtube. In addition to that, you  must  use your real name; no pseudonyms. If you are anything like me, you'd rather have relative anonymity when interacting in the youtube-verse-- especially with all the fuckheads that live on that site. I have nothing to hide, I just don't want every fucking internet interaction to be "social."   Greed is behind all this, per usual. By forcing every youtube user to "sign up" for Google +, Google can say to their advertisers:  "We have  __  number of clients."  It's a dirty tactic. Artificial inflation.   It's funny, Google's infamous company motto is "Do no evil."   I'm thinking this would be an excellent time to really take in the full meaning of those words.
1	I miss the days when Dunked Yi's well... actually dunked. I feel like people jumped on that bandwagon because caps and typing silly phrases is fun, without fully understanding what it was they were supposed to be doing in the first place.   Had one of those guys in a game last night. He was obnoxious in chat all game, terrible score (mostly died a lot then spent the time talking about his dunks). Finally 40 minutes rolled around, we had this huge 4v5 at Baron. We were losing the fight badly but managed to kill one or two and then limp our way up to our top inhib turret.   After close to a solid 2 minutes of skirmishing and running around we get cleaned up and our Yi was... doing dragon. All the while screaming in /all chat about his "dunks". Getting enemy inhibs down, coming from behind and cleaning up the enemy team, either was an easy opportunity to win the game and be useful. But nope not our Dunk Yi.
0	Trust me when i say, worry about  YOUR  shit, the rest will work out.  Focus on school, bettering yourself and securing a promising future.  You are young and full of emotions and this may even happen again with more women down the road, but true happiness is in yourself.
1	That's true and I agree. In my old 90s FPS games I never really saw anyone wish cancer on another or some of the rage I've seen in league, but trash talking was prevalent. Just competitive banter similar to today's "rekt" etc. I'm more referring to thin skin as in people getting super offended and uppity at things like "gg easy" etc. I didn't mean to target kids games specifically so forgive my poor wording, I was rushed to type that post before heading in to work. My line of thinking there was more that today's generation of gamers is brought up more babied and entitled. I'm also kind of guilty of thinking that today's games are significantly easier and dumbed down. Like how nearly every FPS now has regenerating health in lieu of medpacs, etc. People are used to easy games with little competition.   The only thing I really ever report in League is rage AFKing. If someone is being enough of a dick to bother me, I just mute them. I honestly cannot remember the last time I saw an intentional feeder but I'd report that too. IMO the mute function and profanity filter are more than enough to protect the youth from verbal abuse. People just refuse to use them and then wonder why nothing is done to stop people saying mean things. In a way, I think you shouldn't be allowed to use the report category "offensive language" if your profanity filter is disabled. If they intentionally bypass the filter, then you can report for that.   Seriously, I'm in bronze 1 this season (haven't played much due to work) and I haven't seen anything even close to the level of toxicity Reddit claims is in solo queue. And I have a couple hundred games played in ranked and over a thousand normals.   Sorry if this got long, I just am tired of the nanny generation wanting to police every last bit of political incorrectness or mildly offensive behavior from the internet, which is the last great bastion of free speech (even though I know you're not guaranteed free speech on riots servers, I'm just saying you're on the internet and its pretty much expected at this point that people will be people).
1	people are only moaning about the meta because it doesn't match their playstyle and they are reluctant/don't know how to adapt.   In actual fact if you look at the game it has never been so balanced before, if they make any major changes to the current meta I can't see it being for the better. Early game is no longer as strong, but if you get really ahead you have to be much better than the other team and actually use your advantage and keep playing well to prevent the other team from coming back, this punishes teams which are lazy and start derping after they get a lead thinking its a win anyway. In the snowball meta you could just get a lead, derp around and still win which is kinda unfair and sometimes luck based. If you look at the champions they are actually really balanced atm aswell, win rates for the best champions are at around 53-54%, which are usually much higher at around the 56-57% mark. This suggests that the game is really balanced and many champions can have a big impact and no one champions just stomps everything, i.e. team composition and skill/teamwork with certain champions is more important to win games. This is even evident with bans as now when I play there are so many good champions to ban that i struggle to decide which one to choose.
0	PLEEEAASEEE explain what
1	Whether or not people reply to a post does not make it automatically fix any violations of the rule.   It is not related because it's about you being a personal chef, not about any aspect of the game or related eSports. At maximum, the post only has  tangential  relevance because it's somewhat related to relevant organizations, but tangential relevance is not enough to be  directly  relevant.
1	I hate how every time a pro player or any public figure posts a text there's always a retarded biased wrong
0	First:  Pretty much only liberal echo chambers like reddit are making a big deal over this sort of thing.   Second:  Romney doesn't want Sesame Street to be canceled.  He's pretty convinced, as am I, that if the government cut the small sliver of Sesame Street's budget that the government provides, it would still succeed as a private entity.
0	I am going to stand up here and say "fuck you".   I am in a relationship with a big age difference, but really, age has never come into it. We see each other as equals. Compatibility between two people can transcend things like age and sex and race.   Queue all the usual morons telling me it will never work, I am taking advantage and that I am a creep.   Again; fuck you. It has lasted longer than many other "adult" relationships - and I can only see us growing stronger as time goes on - the power in the relationship is equal and born of respect, love and the mutual goal of being together for a very long time, and I don't give a shit what you think about me. We are really happy and we love each other so deeply I could not give a flying fuck what you think.   Why the hell should it matter to you? If you don't want that sort of relationship then keep your nose out. Yes most (read 99%) of 18 year olds are still retarded children, but there are the rare few that are more adult than most people will ever be.   As ever with these horrible generalizations it is bullshit when applied to certain real-world circumstances. If we all had to conform to what you think is normal then this would be a really shitty and boring place to live.   If two people like each other enough to put up with the prejudice from the ignorant masses then that bond tends to be pretty damn strong.
0	Can confirm, I've told people not to donate to Locks of Love and instead give hair to Beautiful Lengths, and I'm pretty sure that they saw me as a douchebag... Probably because they felt so great about donating their hair, and now they got a big slap in the face by reality.   And since most people aren't aware of LoL's sketchiness to begin with, here's the
1	it's dom, like it matters   but seriously this is why they need to add ranked dom so people that want to play it seriously like you can.   not me though, i play nidalee in most my dom matchs (+40 wins atm) and have fun just chucking spears all game. usually i place 1st or 2nd but i just do it for fun.   maybe you should find a character you enjoy just playing in the mean time?
1	Yea, but to be fair, if your getting reported consistently then you probably are doing something to piss someone off. Even if you just get rolled and feed every game and you say sorry, then in my experience most people won't report you. If you turn around and start telling them what their doing wrong, or blaming the jungler, while you might be totally right, thats what will piss people off for the rest of the game, so they remember to report you.
0	At the Wal-Mart I use I avoid the self check out. I don't get a discount for doing their damn job. However when it is unavoidable their is a volume button on the touch screen and I just mute that bitch.
0	I am everything but single. I work, my girlfriend works, and we've been together for a long time. I treat her as an equal and we make decisions together in our relationship. I listen to her day like I expect her to listen to mine and we genuinely are, I feel, soul-mates. Now her and I both understand however that there are things women do. And there are things men do. She hates trash so I take it out. I hate cooking so in return for me taking out the trash she does that. Its a very even balance when it comes down to it. You're obviously a type of feminazi that thinks all men are the same. We are not. Just as you are not. I don't hate women. I hate feminists.
0	The solution to this IMO is, if a women gets pregnant, she needs to apply to the court along with the man, that they both are consenting to the child. Then the man cannot turn back and has to pay child support if anything goes wrong.  If the man does not want the baby and does not co-sign the form, and the woman still wants to keep the baby, then she herself has to support the child.  This way the man and woman make it clear about their intentions on the upbringing of the child. I have not thought about the downside to this so if you can think of any, let me know. Otherwise, this seems to be the best possible solution to this dilemma.
1	So I went into a custom to test this, and just a heads up, I noticed the alacrity movespeed boost takes a second to update sometimes.  I ended up reselling each boot to try the enchantment on each one, had no difference.   I think you were just getting a delay on the update of the states, for some reason it can take up to 10 seconds for me.   proof: [Before Alacrity Upg](   [After purchasing, with MS](
0	So because moron Mitt Romney took a shot in the dark and got lucky, he's Nostradamus?   And just to remind you, we're talking about Russia sending more troops to an area where they already had troops, which is also an area that they gave to Ukraine for free.
0	I went to school with a girl who refuses to vaccinate her children now because she lost her baby brother at a very young age. The full story behind just proves that this girl is an asshat though. Her baby brother died in a car accident on the way home from the pediatrician the day he got his second round of shots (4 months). She claims that him getting his vaccines was the ultimate cause of death instead of, you know, being hit by a fucking car and not being properly strapped into his car seat.
0	So much retail employment in this thread. I'll add my retail story.   I had this manager at Media Play (remember them?) who was a total jerk-off. He routinely referred to his male work force as a bunch of faggoty good for nothing pukes. He said anyone under the age of 25 was worthless and anyone that worked in a front line retail job as a man was equally worthless. He would often strut acting superior and trying to fuck all the girls (underage or otherwise) that worked there. Mainly he would just try to find ways to make our lives miserable by suggesting crappy side jobs or otherwise screwing with us. His favorite was mid week cutting your shift or otherwise adjusting your hours the following week for "disrespecting him" or for other disciplinary infractions. I called bullshit on this as a full time employee, end arounded to the DM for these practices and he never tried it again with me. Guess who the manager's new favorite was then? That's right, me!   We had bullshit metrics like any other place, but we instituted a top performer bonus thing when you met some ridiculously unatainable goal of total add-on sales or something. No one in the region as a floor worker had reached this mark, but several of our cashiers did by lying and selling the rewards card + sign your life away magazine subscriptions. In his eyes we were all worthless, but I had a plan.   This was the year that the gamecube and xbox came out. Going into the holiday he was as shrewd as ever adding hours and changing schedules often, even waiting until the last second to approve time off for family. The day after christmas I volunteered to work a shift covering for a guy that wanted off and had been denied. The end result was my beating the top performer mark by almost double due to so many people coming in for extra controllers, memory cards, and so on. He wasnt pleased. He had to report the numbers to the DM but he spent days scrutinizing the reciepts to confirm I had actually done what I had said. He begrudgingly called in into the DM who was thrilled, made a plaque for the store, special name tag, i think a paid day off, and some other things. I loved that even after I left my smiling face was posted up on the wall for him to walk past.   I knew that this was a paycheck for me as meager as it was, because I was paying my way through college, on my way to a career. He was a 45 year old retail manager that got fired from circuit city for sexual harassment issues and had no other options. His small bit of power was all that he had, and honestly it was pretty sad. I pitied him in a small way.
0	I actually do go to the gym occasionally, but it seems like unless you drink a gallon of protein shakes you aren't going to build muscle, so I'm cutting through cardio instead and bulking later on once I have a job and can afford protein. Yeah, I don't have a job, which is another reason I don't talk to people. I can't afford to take a girl out for a drink, or out for ice cream, out to dinner or the movies or anything. It's not like "just get a job" is good advice because I've been trying that for the past eight months without any success. I've tried OK Cupid and all of the girls I met were nice but not the right person for me for many different reasons, and I was tired of getting "let's be friends" but they don't text me or call me or show any actual interest in being friends. Girls in the city seem pretty picky when it comes to guys (but then again, so do most guys I've met here), it's like a buffet for them. I've had a lot of friends show interest in me for a brief time, and then they stopped. I've lost a ton of friends because of it, and who wants to date someone without friends? It's a saying "To make money, you have to have money". it's pretty much the same with friends. It's hard to make friends when you have very little self-esteem due to not having any friends in the first place. I've been treated pretty horribly by girlfriends I've had, friends I've had, family I've had, but I'm a really goddamn upbeat person that strives on self-improvement, but it's hard staying positive when you're doing it by yourself and nobody seems to give a shit about you, at all. Being nice isn't cutting it in this world, you have to be hot or have a special talent, past experience, charismatic as fuck, or rich,, and I'm not really any of those. I'm nice, but besides that I'm average as fuck, and nobody really goes for average. Like I said, it's complicated. All this "talk to people" advice is great, but at the same time there has to be a lot of other people getting this advice, so why isn't anyone trying to talk to me? It's tough doing all the work, talking to all of the people and getting nothing at the end of it.
0	Let me tell you a story. My dad didn't go to college, and my mom did. They both work at my local school district. My dad is a custodian, my mom works in special ed (senior assistant in the district). He makes more than her, at about 14.50-ish an hour. Together, they make about 30k a year.   The only reason they can support us (3 kids) is because of government programs. For the longest time, they were full of pride, and wouldn't take charity. When the economy tanked, and we lost our house, they finally caved in.   We afford rent because the house is owned by my grandparents. We eat because of foodstamps and the local foodbank; and when school is in session, free breakfast/lunch. With sports, we have to work off our fees. We have to go with a private donation fund for athletes to get soccer shoes, or the like. Yet, are we a drain on society?   My mom works with special ed kids. She is on the high and middle school PTOs. She spends most of her time volunteering for them, or for other community events. My dad works as a custodian. While he just got switched to nights to keep his job, when he did work days he gave away most of his time. He coached soccer, basketball, softball, was involved in the high school PTO, volunteered at most sporting events, and still managed to make it to nearly every game/play/concert.   Then there is my siblings and I. They have great grades (3.9 and 4.0), though they are only in middle school. They are both 3 sport athletes. One is involved in band, one in choir.   Meanwhile, I am a Junior, top of my class. I am the youngest in my year, because I skipped a grade (1/2 7th, 1/2 8th). I am taking the hardest classes available, and am actively working with the community college to visit other schools, and seek scholarships. I am a member of my school's ASB (Associated Student Body) government, being the IT Director. This is my 2nd year doing it. I was until this year, involved with soccer (injured, lost will to play), have been involved with the drama department (plays + musicals. Will be acting in the play this fall, and backstage work for the musicals). I am also the wrestling team manager/stats person. I am one of two programmers for our robotics team. I also attend all home softball games, and the away games that I can. It was neglected for many years, and is now being rebuilt. In a place that rains a lot, I spent a lot of time in the rain, running the score clock. On top of that I have  a job working at a local radio station during live coverage of games plugging ads, and reffing youth soccer games every Saturday in the fall, four games a day, in the rain (8-1ish).   We are all outstanding members of the community, and would not be so without government aid.   Edit:
1	So, I don't think that they should have split 7 ways but lets compare from the 2 possible scenarios here:   Split  480,000  in  5 Ways  with 10,000 going to each sub results in  96,000  to starters   Game Changer: Garena boss says "you get the million, but it has to go to all 7 because that's the CONTRACT"   Split  1,000,000  in  7 Ways  results in  143,000  To each player.
0	The way it's going, it's likely that both will be legal in all 50 states "soon".   With the marijuana, since some states have legalized it, their exposure will become more mainstream, but more importantly is the legislative part of it. Obama could very well overturn the state's decisions to make marijuana legal, but he basically is just turning the other way and telling his staff or whatever "there are bigger issues to deal with than marijuana", so the states are getting to keep their laws.   "what about the next president, can't he just overturn the state's laws since federal laws always win?" Yes, technically they could, but, for lack of a better term, it would be "political suicide" (i think it's a bit dramatic of a term, but people use it). Unless the next president is someone who wears a "drugs are bad" button every day, it's likely that following presidents will follow Obama's example and just "ignore" it.   As for gay marriage, it's obvious that more states are coming through and "allowing" gay marriage. Personally I think gays should be able to form a civil union or whatever so that the religious people get their way (gays can't get "married" by a church), and the gays get their way and can be recognized by the government. Arguably there might be some gays that are religious and want to be recognized by god, but those are probably few and far between and I don't know how the religious side really works so I don't have much of an opinion on it.
0	I always woke up at 7:00 am, no matter how late I stayed up the night before. I always felt awkward about waking anyone else up, so I would pretend to sleep for hours.
1	My not too respectable opinion on the matter is, Sivir can't force successful ganks. Graves provides a substantial amount of burst damage, that can just explode a soft target, considering supports and carries are squishy by default, he can give himself kills he wouldn't otherwise deserve. Vayne is similary, she has early game burstyness and cc, combined with high but short range mobility, that can give her kills she otherwise wouldn't have earned. Tristana and Caitlyn would have had to play smarter to earn those kills.   Sivir also would have had to play smarter, Sivir has to chase normally, sure her passive can help that, and so can her ult, but she has no cc, or particularly immense burst and her range isn't particularly massive excluding her q(which in lane is far too expensive to use).  Sivir is a great champ, her utility is outstanding, and if the person playing her is smart she can probably avoid ever being pushed out of lane, but she isn't.... scary.   Vayne and Graves are scary. They can end you with mediocre timing of their abilities, they can burst you out of lane with trivial levels of effort if you make a few mistakes, which some might say "you shouldn't have made the mistake then." That's not LoL's design mentality though, LoL isn't like HoN or DoTA. Both of those games demand 99% optimal use of your skills to win your lane, LoL sits at a much more comfortable 85%. Which I think is actually better. American Football receives a vast amount of attention, where the players are probably roasting at 79 - 89% optimal playing level on average. (Of course there base skill level   Vayne and Graves are punishing to play against if you mess up, and then after they get done kicking you, they snowball in lane and then can do it again to you over and over more trivially then the last time. Just like how the old Akali was. One kill and you might as well give up your lane. That's not.... good for the game. Sivir doesn't have nearly the same effect on the lane, even if she is a beast ranged AD.   EDIT:
1	Hello everyone, I go under the tags of ShadowHMF and Battousei and have been featured once on the front page of this subreddit (which was one of my more happy moments back then).   I am a casual League of Legends player, only been managing to reach Plat 3-2 as my highest rank (EUW) and a casual video editor.   Youtube:   I run a Youtube Channel:  BattouseiGaming  which is my Doom Bots video [Get Turned up to Doom (bot)]( This video being my one video reaching the 100k+ views, mainly thanks to the subreddit and also a small part of it being featured in an INSTALOK video even though no credit was thrown out to me :(.   The Youtube Channel is kinda on-hold at the moment because I haven't been able to stream/record footage for a while, but I do plan on putting out content on a more regular schedule once I have the time. If you wanna see how I started my League of Legends carrier its also documented in my channel with really old footage of me sucking majorly in the game. I also attempted to do some PBE footage but I couldn't really pull it off and not all my videos had positive feedback so I kinda stopped doing it, and as a final note, I dont really remove content from my Youtube Channel no matter the amount of hate I get on it \^^.   Twitch:   As I stated I also run a Twitch Channel which has been a somewhat of a hobby. It can be found here: [Battousei's Stream](   I worked a bit more on my Twitch Channels layout and thanks to a friend I feel like it ended up looking quite professional, but you guys can be the judge of that if you decide to check it out.   I usually play League of Legends or some other games on my Twitch Channel, can be anything from Dark Souls to World of Warcraft. Whatever I am in the mood for or whatever the few and loyal viewers I have are requesting for. I have done two complete playtroughs on my channel during a week marathon which was kinda the biggest (yet smallest) success I've had with my Channel. Those games were, funnily enough Digimon World 1 and Digimon World 2003 (gives you an idea about what I can kinda get in the mood of streaming/casting). I have an unfinished playtrough of Darksiders and a casual playtrough of Dark Souls 2 as well which I haven't come around to complete. What I am trying to say with all this is that, even though I mainly stream League of Legends I might go out and play some other game, I feel like the guys that want to check this out needs to know this.   About Me:   As a League of Legends player I mainly play in the Jungle or as an ADC. this is due to me sucking at any kind of lane matchup (haven't played top for 2 seasons straight and haven't played mid ever) so I either need someone to help me keep people away from me while I farm (ADC) or I need to do my own thing in the jungle. Mechanically I'm not the greatest but playing in the jungle for a long period of time has made me quite good at decision making and overall game strategies, at my own level. I have been playing League of Legends since mid Season 2!   As a person I am 22 year old student, studying computer science. I'm on my 5th semester and if I pass this I will be starting my bachelor (haven't decided on what yet). I live by myself and I used to have a part time job which I had to quit due to health issues. The part time job and me studying was the main reasons as to why I took a break from streaming due to not having enough time to do all 3 at once and still keep in touch with friends and family (which are the two most important things to me as of now). But since I don't have a part time job anymore I felt like I would make this post and advertise a bit. Thanks for reading :D
0	I can relate. I had a spare car a few years ago (got stranded in Cornwall and had to buy a car, quick). And at the local bar, this woman had recently started working, after breaking up with husband #3 and having to move back to England from Spain.  She apparently really wanted a car because she lived a bit out of town, and all  the decent jobs would need her to be able to drive to them.  My own mother was a single parent in a similar position when I was six, and I remember her having similar problems finding work, so I decide I'll give her this old Citroen diesel thing I paid £450 (about $700 US) for, now that my main car had got its gearbox repaired. She's about 50 years old and apparently been left with nothing after husband #3 did a runner.  She takes the car, but somehow, months later still seems to be moaning about the bus always being late. So what happened to the car? She sold it. For £500, and never said a word to me about it.  I politely suggested that if she wanted to whine about public transport, she could either find somebody who hadn't given her a free car to whine at, or she could just STFU. She told me the brake fluid was bad in the car, and it was dangerous so she had to sell it - which is odd because it worked fine for me, and her mechanic buddy didn't spot anything wrong with it when she came to pick it up, and £10 will buy enough brake fluid to completely flush it out and change it.
1	how MKZ reacted when they saw flame while taking down the nexus](   but in the end the
0	It wasn't so much the war but rather poor understanding of food-borne illness and proper ways to handle food. The war which I'm assuming you mean WW2, propelled biological research and that continues through the cold war into today. This led to a change in thinking about how we handle and cook our food. Let's say for instance in the past they knew that rare meat got you sick and that it was somehow related to bacteria, So the official safe guideline was cook it all the way through. Later on someone figured out that If you kept meat cold before you ate it there would be less existing bacteria to start with and cooking 80% of steak would still maintain it at a safe level. The official safe temperature is lowered but med-well to well is not a vast enough change to cause anyone to change their ways. It wasn't until years of research and emergence of newer generations to adopt the practice. This was also spurred on by the advent of Americas large super-corporations and their test kitchens. Companies like Hormel and Kraft put millions into finding out exactly how to keep their meat from spoiling for the longest possible time. This combined with the food distribution infrastructure created by those corporations led to the widespread availability and affordability of quality time/temperature controlled meats. Organizations like the Pork Council spent millions on education to boost sales of pork since you can eat some cuts medium rare with about the same risks as eating a med-rare cut of beef.
1	Games 2 and 5 are most likely why you got banned again. The others may have reported you for "Intentionally Feeding" and that may not have helped (I'm sure you weren't feeding but with a K/D score like yours it wouldn't surprise me that they reported you for that reason.) but I'm not going to focus on that, I'm going to focus on Games 2 and 5 because if I came across your report in the Tribunal I would have pressed the Punish button as well.   This is going to be a longer post cause I want to break things down   Game 2     Thresh    [00:03:57]    ok ezreal ignored   Ezreal    [00:03:59]    and you attack   Ezreal    [00:04:02]    ok leave lane then   Thresh    [00:04:06]    completely carry him in bot and he starts whining when he afk's and dies     Basically you've outcast your ADC very early in the game, yes maybe they didn't do something correctly but you provide zero constructive criticism on their mistake. All you do here is point out what they did wrong and then ignore them as well as complain.     Thresh [All]    [00:06:06]    I already ignored ezreal, constantly whining every time he forgets to click a lantern     Is that really a necessary thing to say to the enemy team? They don't need that information, it add absolutely no value to the game whatsoever.     Thresh    [00:23:10]    i dont understand why ezreal prefers farming mid over a free baron...   Thresh    [00:24:11]    ezreal prefers wolves over baron     Once again this is not constructive critisicm, at this point you're outed one teammate and all you're doing is blatantly pointing out thier mistakes and not adding value to the game. This not only is bad sportsmanship but it's also annoying to the other members of the team as you can tell by the next lines of chat.     Tryndamere    [00:24:17]    stfu thresh   Tryndamere    [00:24:20]    reported   Thresh    [00:24:36]    reported cuz this flamer is refusing to listen to u? ok     I'm not saying that the negative team chemistry is all your fault but you definitely didn't help it at all.   I think that's enough of this game, let's move to Game 5.   In game 5 you are doing well supporting your ADC and sticking up for her and encouraging her when she's doing well. then it went down south     Thresh [All]    [00:22:51]    I like xin farming bot while we lose inhibs   Miss Fortune [All]    [00:22:51]    gg wp bot   Thresh [All]    [00:23:06]    Thx, can't believe we have 3 moron's who manage to throw this :S     Once again this is in ALL chat and adds no value to the game and you've also resorted to name calling which is never necessary. What exactly are you trying to accomplish with these statements?     Thresh [All]    [00:26:13]    Chasing with 4 people while we lose nexus turrets -.-   Caitlyn    [00:26:21]    didnt chase   Thresh [All]    [00:26:27]    ok 3   Anivia [All]    [00:26:29]    you survive dat nida?   Nidalee [All]    [00:26:35]    u didnt?   Thresh [All]    [00:26:35]    I was about to say I bet u they're gonna die   Thresh [All]    [00:26:37]    ofc   Anivia [All]    [00:26:52]    Thresh is permanently flaming everyone..   Thresh [All]    [00:27:02]    Nidalee please report these 3 trolls   Thresh [All]    [00:27:10]    And I'll report fiddle     Once again in ALL chat, adds no value and now you are starting an alliance with the enemy team and making deals for reporting.     Thresh    [00:27:37]    sorry cait I can't take this, I'm done     And now you gave up on your team and the game.   There is one thing I ALWAYS follow when playing this game no matter what mode I'm playing in "If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all."   Maybe this is an improvement of your attitude but it's not enough of one to prevent being banned.
0	I have thought about this quite a bit and it still gets me. When I was born up until the age of, I think around 3-4, my grandmother and her sisters smoked, my grandfather had quit before I was born and parents never smoked or was around anyone that did except for the mentioned family members. Anyways, I remember going to the lake house alone with my grandparents around the age of 7 or so and always stopping at the gas station to get candy, drinks, etc., I would get candy cigarettes and my grandmother would not be happy when I would pretend to smoke with them (she had quit by this time and I'm not really sure if I had ever seen her smoke, I cant remember). Then in years later at the lake house when I was a bit older around 9 -13 I would go with my grandfather and spend a week or two in the summer but I remember him doing yard work and such, while I would cut pieces of paper into strips grab some cotton balls and tape and go hide behind the boat. I would crush up leaves and roll them into the paper with cotton in the end, tape around where the butt would be and smoke the leaves (not inhaling) just to blow out smoke. I can come up with a lot of reasons as to why I did this but it just blows my mind that I found a way to roll something up and smoke it not ever seeing it done before, almost like a desperate need to do it. I did end up smoking at around 16-17 and since then have smoked about a pack a day (quitting here and there.)
1	OK, some feedback from an actual journalist and news editor. Apologies if this is harsh, but since you asked...   I'm only going to be looking at the most recent link you posted, the Doublelift article.     >CLG's Peter "Doublelift" Peng has been known as an avid trash talker.   Is there any evidence you can link to to support this? I'm not disputing it, but if you're trying to be taken seriously, it's better to work with facts, rather than vague and debatable statements like this about the opinion of "the community". Instead, you could cite some specific instances of his trash-talking, ideally with links.   > Still hated by many, Peng is a complete genius when it comes to hyping up crucial matches   He's a  complete genius ? That's a pretty debatable statement, and one that you offer zero evidence for. Already, I'm a bit confused as to whether this is meant to be a piece of journalism or an opinion piece, but either way an extreme statement like this needs some support.   >Doublelift is frequently   Why are you alternating between calling him "Doublelift" and "Peng"? Pick one, this is unnecessarily confusing. You were right to use  Peter "Doublelift" Peng  the first time you mention his name, but after that stick with only Doublelift or only Peng. Not both interchanged like this.   >funnel gold and kills into him   into  him? This sounds weird.  To  him.   >an all time legend   all-time   >half decade   half-decade (you could argue this, but usually hyphenated)   >a dwindling superstar.   Is  dwindling  really the best word to use here? I know what you mean, obviously, but it seems like a strange choice. "Falling" may be a bit more cliche, but it reads cleaner and it paints a clearer visual picture.   > was literally on top of the world.   No, he was  figuratively  on top of the world.   >solidifying a future of long-time Korean dominance   One year is long-time dominance?   >citing that he didn't believe   Again, just seems like an odd word choice here with  citing . It seems like you're just trying to avoid using a "boring" word like "saying" or "explaining," but don't. This is journalism, not literature. Not all of your readers are educated. Not all of them are native English speakers. The goal is to communicate your information as  simply and clearly  as possible. Throw away the thesaurus.   >he knew deep down that he would soon rule the competitive world of League of Legends   What? You're inside his mind now? This seems like complete speculation presented as fact for the sake of making the moment more dramatic. Don't do that.   But if you're not just making that up, you definitely need some kind of support for it: a link to the interview where he said he was thinking that, probably. Otherwise people will have the same reaction I had.   >Even though he had stated that he believed Piglet to be the best AD Carry of all time during the Season 3 World Championships   Unclear phrasing. Was the  statement  made during the world championships, or did he mean Piglet  performed  better than any ADC ever had before during the S3 world championships?   >Responding to the controversy the above claim prompted   "the above claim prompted" is unnecessary and can be deleted; it's clear from context what controversy you're referring to.   >Piglet joked in an interview with Travis Gafford that he could defeat the American ADC with a hand tied behind his back. Though he was clearly having fun, Doublelift's arrogance strangely   Confusing subjects here. The subject of the first sentence is Piglet, and the next sentence begins with "he", so readers will naturally assume you're talking about Piglet, only to later discover you've actually switched back to talking about Doublelift. It's awkward.   >who don't have enough context to know that he's just trying to gather hype for matches.   And how do  you  know his intentions? Not saying you're wrong, but you're repeatedly talking about what is inside players' heads with  zero  supporting evidence offered. It reads like you're just making it up.   >Deciding that their team's play was no longer acceptable, SKT made the decision to cut their own Bot Lane.   This may vary depending on gp10's style guide, but generally organizations (teams, companies, etc.) should be referred to as singular rather than plural. So "its team", "its own bot lane", etc.   >Battered   I suppose you mean this figuratively - battered in the game? But this is a bit weird because you're talking about his response to being cut. Him being devastated makes total sense, but calling him "battered" is weird because it's not like they beat him up when they cut him. I guess it can still work if you call it a metaphor for his emotional state, but it still reads weird and you'd probably be better off just saying "devastated" and dropping the battered bit entirely.   > citing that he didn't regret what he had said about CLG's Captain   In the other case I mentioned it's arguable, but citing is definitely not the right word here. Also, captain isn't a proper noun and doesn't need to be capitalized.   >While he may be approaching the end of his career, I believe that we can all look forward to Doublelift   Once again, you've done the bait-and-switch: one sentence is about Piglet, and the next sentence begins with "he" but  isn't  about Piglet. This is the kind of stuff that gives non-native readers nightmares.     So, that's most of the nitpicky writing stuff. More broadly, though, I'm not really sure what this article is meant to be. If you were going to pitch this idea to an editor in a couple of sentences, what would it be? I guess it's a summary of some recent drama and a little bit of Piglet's history, but I'll be honest: I'm not really sure what you're thinking readers are going to take away from this piece that they didn't already know.   Everyone has already heard about what Doublelift and Piglet said, and everyone already knows what happened to SKT. But this article doesn't really offer anything else. There's not a strong opinion being argued, there's no analysis of which of the two of them is actually better, there's no speculation about how the two might compare and contrast over the upcoming LCS split, and there's no real conclusion readers can draw from what you've got here.     And since I'm already being a critical asshole, I'll just say: I think these issues affect a lot of GP10 articles. If you guys want to be taken seriously, I think you need to do a few things:     Fix the design. It looks extremely cheap and unprofessional. There are plenty of FREE wordpress themes that look 1000x better than GP10's site right now. (edit: yes, I know you updated recently, but I still think it looks bad. Better than before, yeah, but bad.)   Hire an editor. My  god , hire an editor. OP, I obviously had a lot of issues with your article but from what little else I've read on GP10 I'd say you're one of the better writers. And the errors aren't even limited to what's (poorly) written in the articles themselves! There are mistakes just in the site's basic messages, like "Support our writer by  share  this article" (should be  sharing ) and "This Post Has Multiple  Page " (should be  pages ). But a good editor will also help you focus your pieces and will make them much better, not just fix all the errors in the copy.
1	Story time.   So I'm bot with this Graves, right? Rockin' Sona in her mute glory, healing my ADC, warding the fuck outta bot lane, doing the whole "Look boys, I have tits AND ridiculous harass" thing. Fighting Ezreal/Soraka, those poor fools decide to engage. I am on that shit like a Mother Bear protecting her cub (note to readers, stay the FUCK off of my ADC). Graves decided to focus Ezreal until Soraka heals him with her W, whereupon he switches targets ("GOOD! He has a brain in his head" I think). We chase down that banana-slingin' centaur wannabe. Graves goes oom and she's a q away from death, so I figure "better than nothing" and smite the color from her screen with my music.   "Wtf Sona"   Oh god.   "I was gonna flash for it"   Sorry, bud. I had no way of knowing that. At least you still have flash.   Ezreal prances back into lane with a rattled Soraka. She doesn't approach me anymore. But Ezreal engages again. This time, Hecarim, you know, big horse fella, Soraka's wet dream, comes bounding in from the jungle and plows down Ezreal LIKE A BITCH. Hecarim gets the Soraka kill, and, in the excitement, I power chord steal a kill. We've all misjudged a fart. We've all shook the baby a little too long. And every Sona player here has stolen a kill by accident. It fuckin' happens.   "OMG SONA"   Please no. Just let it go, dude. I don't like it anymore than you.   "STOP TAKING MY KILLS"   Look, dude. I am sorry.   "..."   We take turret and recall, spend our dough and return to push lane. In the middle of doing so, Mid gets gangbanged by top and jungle, so, naturally, I roam mid and drag Graves along with me. Because he is a tender flower in need of constant watering. Teamfight time. Crescendo across their whole team, Hecarim does his thing, flapping his spear thing all over the enemy. Graves ults at the exact time a q-chord arises...and I get the kill.   "this sona"   Alright, dude. It's not like I'm intentiona--   FUCKER DISCONNECTS. Team wide atheist rage faces. It was make or break time. We had Sona, Hecarim, and Vi and Orianna (or some shit). Time to man up and 4v5. Bought Athene's, Archangels, Rylais, Shurelyia's, and Aegis. And we won.
0	I would add that adding "I would add" after your affirmation of your mistake makes you sound less intelligent and not more as I have to assume you assumed it would when you decided to add a fact irrelevant to the stated argument.
1	I believe unorganized is a more proper term to use rather than unprofessional, although it was to a degree.   Expectations were also set too high by the community as well. When you put Regi, Chaox, and Dyrus together in a "Q&A" section, what do you expect? The attention span will never last longer than 12 seconds.   OddmiralOne is always answering questions anyways, and Xpecial has a guide for every support out there.   Also, people need to understand that asking for builds and guides is pretty stupid when 1) Theres 4 billion guides + Subreddits + Forums to go to, even guides written by these members and plenty of others from other teams.   TSM really needs a PR team. I for one would gladly apply for such a position.
0	I delivered pizzas for a semester when I was in university, worst job ever. I always tip delivery people extra well now that I know what a shitty job it is. I have all sorts of insane stories from doing it for just one semester, most notably - I had to give a police report because I showed up to deliver a pizza and got caught in the middle of a HUGE domestic dispute. Ex girlfriend showed up and started smashing all the guy's windows with a golf club and I had to hide inside and wait for her to leave. Dude still paid for s pizza, tipped really well, and was really apologetic about it which was nice...
1	Nunu's been my main almost since day one and...   Yes, his late game is bad.  Very bad.  The one thing I've started doing (which is much easier to do in the jungle) is to change your build order so that your AP comes out of nowhere and you'll get tons of kills just because they don't expect you to jump from 8 AP to 204 in one or two buys.     Meki+Pots   Catalyst+Boots   Debuff boots+Tear (still no AP, but you're a farming/slowing/ganking machine)   Rod or AA or Veil or Rabadingdong's Hat or Lich Bane if you're getting especially fed.  Frozen Heart is your best best friend if you're against AD.  I usually end up with Veil and Abyssal if I'm against AP.     But yeah.  Your key items are Debuff boots, AA, Frozen, Veil and the Hat (which sucks because if you're not against AD, you can't really get that frozen and put it to full use!).  I'd say GA is a waste unless you're running cleanse and quick with it (Nunu gets focused pretty hard by stuns, given his ult and his short range).  Personally, I prefer Flash/Smite when I'm jungling so I don't play GA.   Also, alt+w to self cast your buff will save you when running away frantically.  Also also, watch your buff's cooldown instead of casting when it comes up because you'll be getting a decent amount of CDR (this is probably obvious unless you're new, but I played Nunu as a total noob =P).   Anyway.  That's my little shpiel on Nunu.  Hope it helps.
0	trust me, it's not as fun as it sounds. I bottom out every time no matter how careful I am... and just giving her the tip isn't all that great all the time... it actually hurts pretty damn bad; not too unsimilar to getting caught in the fly. first time it happened it felt like I got scratched pretty bad but there was no marks. lasted for almost a week. then i realized it was the inside of the head being bruised. has all the fun side effects of hurting when it rubs against anything, hurting when you get an erection, and even peeing at times. and no, not an std. had that checked. Just have to be overly careful, try not too have too rough of sex, and try and find someone who doesn't have such a short cervix. sadly I swear my ex was a couple inches too short.
1	I think Hecarim is slightly underrated. His counterjungling is great: Q+W clear camps quickly and his E/R allow him to make some pretty quick getaways. Compared to other junglers, his pre-6 ganks are some of the best, too, and should be exploited a lot. I think you aren't using E very well if you think it's only good against overextenders, because the MS you gain from it is a  lot ! Combining the extra damage from both the ability itself and your passive, timing it properly will give you a nice bit of burst when you're ganking.   He typically shines more in team fights. W allows him to stay in the fight for a substantial amount of time, and your Q will be hacking away at multiple people. R should only be used as an initiate if your team  really  needs it. Hecarim does  not  fit the typical tank role very well, and should be played as a standard tanky DPS. His ultimate allows him to immediately charge to the back of the enemy team and pound on the carries; the fear is there to give him a safe pathway there and allows him to be disruptive (like Shyvana, Renekton, Nasus etc).   Hecarim's main weaknesses come in his 1v1 potential, and that is precisely why people don't think he's scary. He's not good at securing kills at all and he isn't particularly scary to run into in the jungle. Another problem he has is his itemisation. Both the champion spotlight and the general community have praised how incredibly useful Trinity Force is, but this a glass cannon build which should only be exploited if you're ahead in kills and the like; bruisers like Wukong, Garen or Shyvana can get away with it because they have innate tankiness from passive abilities, but Hecarim doesn't. I have had a lot of success building him with Shurelia's/Merc's/FM/Frozen Heart/FoN/MoM-style builds. CDR is a really fantastic stat on him. edit: I realise Sheen is great on him as well.
0	Ahh alcoholism. The act is for himself as he tries to fool your friends as well himself into thinking he's okay even though everyone knows it's not. I grew up with this joy,  and it actually made me avoid bringing people to the house for a long time. There's nothing you can do to change him. Just remember as you go through this that the only one who can influence your own feelings and your life is yourself. He's going to miss out on you growing up (assuming you're still living with him), and its going to hurt you, but you will come out of this shitshow a stronger, more mature person than those around you. Shit, I've got a whole life story's worth of advice and knowledge I could share with you about this kind of thing if you want to get into it. PM me if you want (that goes for anyone who's in the same boat).   But
1	This.   I'm not challenger, but I always play lane bullies. Varus is pretty gross if you can get an edge, since there's nowhere to hide from his poke.   The other thing is, don't build the same items on every adc every game. Varus works with bt-&gt;lw for poke, or botrk/any as item, or ie-&gt;pd/statik shiv, or ie-&gt;youmuus. Personally I like bf into brutalizer when I'm ahead, for stupid poke. It's basically free towers of you hit two q's. Then the ghost blade active helps you self peel.
1	He says spike synonymously with burst because he used to play Guild Wars (Jatt Kittenstomper) at a very high level and "spikes" were essentially focus-fire from an entire team (or portion of a team known as a split).   Anyway,
1	I play Jax slightly differently than most people, but it works pretty well.   Runes:   Dodge yellows are a must. I had health quints for early game, but I'm switching to Dodge as well. MR blues, as he is really squishy to casters, especially early. I prefer flat MR to scaling, because they are most important early game. I prefer arPen reds, though AD will also work.   Masteries:   [21/9/0](   Summoners:   I always go Flash/Ignite. I've seen Flash/Exaust, but don't really like it myself.   Skills:   Leveling your skills depends on the game. If you play 3v3 and teamfight at level 1, then get E. It doesn't proc as well at level 1, but if you get it, it will help you win that first fight. In 5v5s, its usually best to start with Q. Then grab a point in W, then E. Level W. Always level W.   Note on jump: Do not rely on Q to do lots of damage, especially with the recent nerf. I use it to close the gap on your opponent or run away. When attacking with Q, always, ALWAYS, use W before the jump. That's how you do damage, as it applies to your jump damage.   Build:   I almost always start Vamp Scepter. If you're going to 2v1, don't get it. Start cloth armor and health pots instead. Always get Ninja Tabi ASAP. Besides its other stats, it will help proc your stun. Next, I rush Hextech Gunblade. USE ITS ACTIVE! With Flash/Gunblade/Jump/Stun, you can can chase down just about any kill. (Note when buying Gunblade: get the Cutlass first for its active.) Next, I go Black Cleaver. With that AD and AS you become extremely deadly.   You should be able to 1v1 almost anyone at this point. Yes, ANYONE. Spam your stun like your life depends on it (since, well, it does). The lifesteal/spellvamp from your Gunblade, plus your dodge and stun, will keep you alive, even if it looks like you're going to lose the fight.   If you haven't noticed yet, I don't have a Rageblade. You can get it later, but I don't. You may have also noticed that this build if fucking expensive. You NEED to farm. I tend to have trouble sometimes with farm early game, and it really hurts. Until you get the passive on your R, its can be really tough. And once you get it, you tend to push lanes real quick. Try not to use the triple hit to farm, stick with W.   Other viable items:   You need to be good at improvising items!   Good items: BF Sword items (IE > Bloodthirster, IMO), Bloodrazor (for tanks or soloing Baron), Ryali's (the extra slow plus your Gunblade active will help you chase dawn every single kill), BV (good when they are magic heavy), GA (if you get focused in teamfights).   Situational items: Tiamat (I've heard people give Tiamat a lot of shit, but when you have 300+ AD in teamfights you're doing 150 dam to everyone else), Trinity Force (ONLY IF YOU'RE FED! It's too expensive with your other items. Only get it if you finish your core and have cash to spare)   Extra tips:   Take Dragon/Baron whenever you can! You can always solo Baron by 18. Note the time they will be back up in chat and be there every time they respawn.   Get red buff often, unless another teammate can use it better.   Help get your casters blue! With your help, they can have it in a matter of seconds and you can both get right back in the fight.
1	Waste their time, if your lane is camped, yeah you will lose that lane while its camped, CS at turret to the best of your ability. Make sure camping the lane doesn't pay off. If they camp lane, it will get pushed to your turret, then you start getting more EXP, less gold maybe, but ultimatly if the jungler is camping your lane, they are losing more gold and EXP than you will be. Use the time where the jungler is camping your lane to take map objectives. Lets say you are top, and you have jungler + top lane camping you.   Here are some things that can be done while they do this.   1 dragon. You're jungler + AP mid + AD bot + support = 4 players, they have 2 players top, if they want to fight it will be a 4v3, let alone if you're playing lets say GP, and have a global ult to assist in teamfights, making it like a 4.5 vs 3.   2 invade their red. Really easy, really safe. If bot lane is spotted, jungler can safely take their red.   3 invade and steal their blue. This is a bit more risky, but i'm assuming that if you know their jungler is camping top, that you have a ward, and you will be able to see if they leave   4 counter gank. Get your mid and jungler to show up, bait them out a bit by playing stupidly, mid + Jungler + you should force a kill, if you kill the jungle top lane you can go and steal blue or go and take dragon easily (no smite if the jungler is dead)   5. Just wait it out, as I said before, jungler camping = him not getting farm or exp. You will ultimately still get exp (unless you were pushing stupidly before the camp top which is your fault). And depending on your top lane, you SHOULD still be able to get at least 4/6 CS at turret, if you're playing GP you can easily get 6/6 at turret, or even CS a bit further out with Q.
1	If you look closely to nocturne, when he is reaching kat there says: "Can't be disabled", you get the Energy back because you taunted noc but you can stop him.
1	here, have an answer nobody else would give.   Shyvana. Early game you can get ahead with her superior farming potential, and gank bot for double kill or drake at level 6 or 8.   Take flash and mid game push an outer lane as hard as you can. Your ult'll be up faster, and you will get loads of global gold. Dragon form + flash + W will get you out of nearly any situation, and this is the time you'll be strongest. If nobody tries to kill you, your whole team will be strong from the global gold. If they come up to kill you, you can probably take them at that point (unless it's like a Darius), or get away.   In teamfights pretend you're Jax. Jump on the AD carry and force them away from the fight. It's not that hard as Shyv to do that and there's no way you'll lose a fight to an AD carry as Shyv unless you're way behind.
1	Remember: You are the deciding factor, YOU have to make the difference. As you said the enemy is just as bad. So what stops you from going up in the tiers? You have no idea how to carry a game. You were Malphite. You have triple the enemies' farm. You can afford to get some dmg while still remaining tanky. You tell your teammates to go in with you. You go in at the right moment. Their team has no idea how to disengage and fights. You destroy them and go push their base.
1	I agree that these would all help new and current players. The one thing that comes to mind though, is that there is 100+ champions and each champion has such a unique playstyle and set of abilities which can only be learned and mastered through practice. During the time of this practice, players tend to learn the general mechanics of the game such as kiting, csing, builds, etc. and improve in all parts of the game, although sometimes slowly.
1	I'm going to second this post.   Put this into perspective for you all. I've been in the "E-Sports Industry" for close to 10 years. Working and traveling for various top organizations, sponsors and agencies. I've been paid more than those placing in MLG events, at MLG. I've met hundreds of "pro players" and I've seen their dreams, and had them myself. I've played other very popular titles for close to 13-14 years of my life (casually, but still competitive and at a very high level & in numerous sponsored organizations) to know that I don't want to go "pro."   What is pro? Giving up your day job, your life, your education, to sit at home and play video games. Try to be as good as you can and if you do make it during those "primetime days" of that game, you'll reach that eternal fame in the game and make some money to live off of, but it isn't the glorious life you'd think. After 5 years, when the scene changes and old games take over new games, what are you stuck with? A life that you had, no education, and a job 5 years behind someone that started when you lived that dream (see Championship Gaming Series -  ). There are no self made millionaires (and he had a lot of help) in e-sports, ie Fatal1ty, any longer.   I don't want to discourage you from trying at all. Go ahead and make that dream a reality, just realize there are hundreds of thousands of people trying to do what you are doing in this same game, how do you differentiate yourself from them, and who do you know? That's how you'll make it. Get in with the right people and grow from there. In LoL, SoloQ may be that way, but you're taking a chance every time you hit Play to make a connection, so use it. If you make it "pro" your supporters are those that will remember they played with you, not the ones that you flamed and trolled.
1	We don't need your 100% correct ping. If the client pinged google I'd be happy. The problem is when a player has 500+ ping through an entire game "because their roommate is downloading" or whatever. Generally player ping is steady, but spikes due to local causes.   If a player simply had an indicator Bad (> 200ms)/Warning (>150ms)/Moderate(>100ms)/Good(>50ms)/Perfect(<50ms)
1	Well it IS good for last hitting if anything.   But then again remember how your Flamespitter will remain activated even when you overheat. And you can also launch your second Electro Harpoon when you're overheated. Now before you say WHY NOT JUST LEAVE IT NOT OVERHEATING. Well consider this.   You're up in top lane. You're safe from jungle ganks for now because of a deeply placed ward or something. You're just farming your way through the minions but then the jerk top laner from the other team comes to start an exchange with you because he thinks he's got more sustain.   One rule of LoL is that   Melees are ALWAYS faster than Ranged . So assuming the guy's melee as well, you pop your shield to tank his whatever, and then you're overheating, but your flamespitter is still on, and you still have another proc of your harpoon left. all this PLUS your overheat autoattack dmg. If he's ranged then you chase his ass and AA him for the 0.3 AP ratio scaling. It WILL hurt him.   Either the guy's gonna stand there and take it, and most of the time he'd lose because the scaling on Flamespitter is insane...OR he'll run away. You're still going to be dealing a decent amount of dmg regardless. And also when you come off your overheat, your cooldowns should all have reset by now. and by now, you should have that advantage to pressure him in lane and possibly zone him out.   Now the negatives. You're an AP caster. You're silencing yourself for a good  SIX  seconds there. So OBVIOUSLY you don't want that in a teamfight, because you're not going to be able to stand there and autoattack someone for 0.3 AP scaling...   Personally I don't think that overheating should even be a problem unless you panic and  SPAM ALL THE SKILLZ . It's really hard to overheat unless you're constantly running your flamespitter all day everyday. But I'm guessing you already know that or else you wouldn't be asking about the positives of overheating
0	Eh is literally the last part of You Say.
0	I would suggest removing all stress a long time before you go to bed.     Get everything done in advance;  Make make lunch and/or breakfast, ready your clothes for tomorrow, finish all tasks etc.   Make a little schedule; Set your bedtime. Put your alarm to whenever you need to wake up, regarding how much time you think you need to spend in the morning and leave it(whatever alarm device you have) by your bed. (Avoid counting hours)   Empty your head; Relax a few hours before bedtime, leave all daily tasks behind. You could for instance listen to relaxing music/watch a series/whatever makes you relaxed.   Avoid caffeine after 6 pm.     It works for me.
0	Here in Israel we celebrate Movember so I'm going for a moustache. The moustache is the only thing that seperates us Jews from the Arabs appearancewise, so it's kind of a problem for me, especialy at security checkpoints.
0	Once a few years ago I was leaving work on my road bike (I am an avid cyclist) and saw a very attractive blonde driving a Subaru WRX STi (I worked at a hospital, so STi ha ha ha). I always stop at stop signs and traffic lights. But damn if I didn't I blow through 5 stop signs "racing" her. We met at a stoplight and she took a moment to talk to me when I smiled at her.
0	each number is a multiple of 1.5.   24 is the 16th multiple   33 is the 22nd multiple   96 is the 64th multiple.   the difference between 16, the first multiple, and 22, the second multiple is 8. the difference between 22 and 64, the third multiple, is 42.   42 divided by 8 is 5.25.   so, the pattern is that you multiply the previous number (divided by 1.5) by 5.25 to get the next number.   after 96 it would be 504, 2646, and 13,891.5, which are the 336th, 1764th, and 9261st multiples of 1.5, respectively.
1	The enemy jungler won't be so screwed. First of all, for that match up to be made, i'll consider you're a 5 man premlade. So the enemy should be a 5-man premade as well. Counterjungling is a flawed mechanic when you have the correct team on the other side. For instance: If the enemy team has a strong pusher top, a single ward, he'll pretty much know everytime that you're invading the top jungle, and can get you out of position pretty easy, while your top lane has to chose between helping you or getting the cs at his turret, so either theres a kill or loss of exp. The bot jungler should work fine, if the bot laner is a good enough, but if the 2v1 gets a little ahead, it'll be very hard to come back. Galio is a great example of a champion to solo bot. But while bot can work, you're probably not going to deny the farm of the AD carry, or they could just swap their ad carry+support the wherever your suportless ad carry is, and place the bruiser bot. Not to mention that AP can usually beat AD in a 1v1 lane. . So when you stop to think, this set up can work against the meta, alright, but if the enemy team is smart enough to notice it fast and react accordingly, this strategy can go bad and downhill really quick. Both the junglers will be behind in levels and CS, and your team will most likelly lose the game if you dont make that strategy trample the enemy team fast. . I do have a replay versus that kind of strategy, and I had a really easy game, counterpicking their carry and running with a suport to his lane. Then just having my other lanes hold their own... fast enough I was enough ahead and the junglers were behind. . . .
0	I disagree. You can't expect children to foresee what they can get out of savings (college, perhaps apartment rent etc) in the future, as most kids are fairly egocentric and short-sighted when it comes to these things. Yes, kids need to learn how to handle money, but first starting when they are 15 or 16 and then getting a proper introduction to the subject.
1	It's based on who a team loses to in a single official game, or a BoX series, because whoever wins the last single game necessarily wins the series.   I did the updating in the thread OP linked to, and IIRC it went to SSW via SKT, then to SSB via SSW, then in Champions Summer it may have bounced around a bit, can't remember, but it ended up with the KT Arrows when they won the finals against SSB. NJWS then took it from KTA in the Korean regionals, not from SKT.
0	You have this pressure from family and society to grow up,  graduate,  pay taxes,  and get married. Simply because that's what every else does. A lot of people get married without ever supporting themselves or living on their own.  They end up pledging their life to someone when they don't even know themselves,  because they couldn't tell the people around them NO.   Once they are in the marriage they realized they fucked up.  Usually they realize it before hand,  but with all the excitement, momentum,  and money involved you tell yourself it's just jitters. Everyone else will tell you that as well.   The day after your honeymoon all that is gone.  Everyone disappears.  Then the whole process repeats with you having children.  All of a sudden it's been 20 years and you have no idea what to do with your self with no kids around the house and a significant other you don't like.
0	Funny you mention the Third Reich because my friend just moved to Germany a couple months ago. He noticed that his girlfriend would often time would make exaggerated disapproving gestures or sounds at people who were not dressed appropriately in public. He ended up asking her about it and found out that Germans are very public about scoffing at people in public if they don't look a certain image. Like if a really obese woman wears a bikini on the street, people will scoff, laugh and point at her. Image is very important to Germans. If someone isn't dressed appropriately, they let them know.
0	I'm adopted. The way I see it, I was loved even more than other kids. My birth mother was 16 when she got knocked up. She could've done what many people do with unwanted pregnancies and had me aborted. Instead, she made the sacrifice of going through pregnancy with all of its discomforts, WHILE going through high school which is already uncomfortable for some. She realized that she was not ready for a child and opted to arrange an adoption.   Now we get to my adoptive parents. They wanted to have children SO BAD that they went through years (7, to be exact) of interviews, waiting lists, false leads, etc just to get the opportunity to raise a child. I'm that child. I feel lucky to have been so important that so many people were involved in my birth. I feel immensely loved.   For anyone wondering, I met my birth mom at my college graduation and met my birth father shortly after that. We are all kind of like extended family and constantly talk to each other. My adoptive parents will always be my parents, but I will never forget the sacrifice my birth mom made to give me the best life she could.
0	So, just a heads up to ANYONE that keeps any compromising media on their computer: A LOT of computer repairmen do a search on your computer for porn, and copy it. This has been reported several times in the news.   Store any compromising media on a removable drive, or cloud service (I wouldn't, but some people trust the cloud.)  Just don't have it on your local computer as you never know when you may need it repaired or when your computer might be stolen.   Obviously keep the removable media in a safe place, don't leave it in the computer.   OP's friend very well could have had the same thing occur if she took her computer to any other place, including Geek Squad. At least with the OP, there is a chance they may be deleted.
1	Uhm, you sure about rumble? as far as I know Trundles Q takes ad and rumnble is pretty much independent from his AD.   Also Trundle has to go NEAR minions to lasthit them... Rumble coutners almost everything that is Melee.
1	I started playing lol and ended up at solomid for guildes because everyone said they worked better.  Started watching chaox videos and following his live stream and now watch oddone and xspecial as well as most of the tsm and crs players on twitch (I have no idea where i can find other pro streams and i wish they were all housed in the same place).  I wish people would stop with just saying mean things in this thread because I think if the players read it they'd just get turned off by all the negative comments and end up not reading the constructive criticism.  The guys are just learning how to be pro and TSM as a brand.  The OP did some ranting but he makes good points.  I also think it'll take time for them to make changes but as far as I know this weekly invitational is new and so answering questions in a Q&A setting is new to everyone too.  (as in sitting there answering not streaming also)   My one thought to the team after reading a bunch of comments is - Even though it's the 300th time you've been asked the same question, this is the first time that person is asking you for an answer.  Just because you've written a guide doesn't mean that person has read it and why would they if they don't get a good impression from you?  Having any sort of fame means that your interaction with fans will become very redundant and monotonous for you, but always a thrill for them.  Some famous people are really good at this in making a fan feel like they really appreciate them and care about them.  But really they're having this same conversation over and over and over again.  I've heard OddOne or chaox answer the same questions often on their streams without sounding bored.  Why criticize the whole team?
0	atheism isn't only an American thing, so shouldn't there be a sub for non-christian-centric atheism as well?   Wat.   Reddit and /r/Atheism are largely used by the Western world and it's culture; /r/news is American based because the largest group of that Western userbase is American, so the rest decided to make a dedicated board to avoid the flood of American related content.   Christianity is a larger defining part of life/history for the Western userbase, compared to Islam/Hinduism/etc. So it's going to be the most discussed subject on /r/Atheism. No one forces you to only talk about Christianity on /r/Atheism; Although if the userbase feels that they're being flooded by only Christian content and they don't feel like stopping that they could go and make a more specific subreddit.
0	But now you have raised a good question. What is more humane? Forcing someone to live their whole life in prison with no chance of parole, or death? The term "give me liberty or give me death" comes to mind when I ask this question. Some would find it much more humane to be put to death then to never see the light of day again.   Is it more humane to allow someone to imprisoned for their whole life? What if they would rather die then be stuck in a cell forever?   There is a a larger moral question here. When you put "inhumane" in quotations like that, i feel like you aren't really thinking about it in a larger view.   Now one might argue, that prison life can be not bad. Free meals and Healthcare. But you still aren't really free to control your life. Even the most luxurious prison can by some still be viewed as worse.   This is a point of view you don't really hear to often though. You tend to hear from those who are pro death penalty about the cost of imprisonment and other burdens of life in prison. While you hear from the other side that killing someone for a crime is unacceptable.   But no one really talks about the moral imprecations of forcing someone in a cage for life and if it really is more just to do that over death in the case of no chance for parole. And I find it interesting that no one really takes that stance in an argument. Not to say it hasn't been explored before. Star Trek TNG did an episode about imprisonment. A soldier forced to live on a rather comfortable planet would still rather die then not be allowed to leave if he wishes. I know I've seen or read about other fictional cases but I can't say I've heard any real person try to make such an argument.   I'm not really saying one is right or wrong, and certainly the issues brought up such as the costs of up keeping prisons and the morality of killing someone for a crime is something to be addressed and there is no real right answer to these issues. But from a moral point of view, It is interesting that you hear about the lack of morality it takes to kill someone for a crime, but you do not hear the same argument or at least if you do, not very often, for life in prison.
0	My younger sister just turned four, and we were all prepared for magical Christmas memories. Instead my sister built a barricade against her bedroom door and hid under her bed while screaming "GO AWAY I DON'T WANT CHRISTMAS!"   Eventually, my parents broke into the room and dragged her kicking and screaming out from under her bed and forced her to open her gifts as she sobbed. Yeah... it was pretty magical.
1	Hey pal, Renekton is a lane bully. I understand your need for pushing the lane, but if you let soon push into you, you can zone him off Cs and the threat of ganks. Use your abilities for harming, not for csing. Hydra is better than black cleaver for first item as well. Use ur w then spam the active makes it so you get a free auto while both you and your enemy are stunned. Maybe ditching your friend is also for the best, his miss information and constant salt may also bring you down.  Also are you a smoker or fat? You sound like you have breathing problems but you don't sound sick.
1	I don't see how the fact its a said way in AMERICAN leagues relate at all to League of Legends and its international competitions (NA and EU LCS).   D-did you not read the part where I said riot is in NA? North American company, North American business practices. Simple as that, don't like it then cry a river, build a bridge, and jump off it.   >I personally find forcing people to wait until the last minute to even start discussing their options for the next season a really stupid concept.   Except they're not, scarra's contract was going to end in october iirc, spring split starts in january, that's 3 months to work out a deal. hardly last minute there son, in fact it's quite generous to do. most players contracts end just after worlds finishes up so that gives them usually october/november to january to find a new team. if a player can't find a team in that time frame that's not any of the owners faults.
1	This is nothing close to a "cheat."  It's a convenient way to keep track of the timers on ults and summoners without the need to play a game of mental math in the middle of a hectic game.  It's just damned annoying that the game doesn't keep track of simple things like this automatically.  It doesn't make you better or worse, it just makes accessing information you already have that much easier.  It should allow for more interesting play AND add consistency to the game (something riot has a hardon for).
1	considering this is a spectator sport and the coolest things are usually from pro players what were you really expecting. I personally am not a fan of ppls crappy stickfigure drawing and lame youtube clips where they do more wrong technically than right.
1	Wow, this is a long and informative post.
0	I duno man, if you're not old enough to know how bandwidth works and figure out what's going on yourself, I don't really care if you're having a shit time online.
1	If you want me to spam this subreddit with these kinds of posts by fucking god i will. I'm tired of fucks like you and all the other smug high elo dbags that are like "well, like, yeah bro you just need to like carry yourself out of there. just like do it." This is at 1300 elo. Get it into your head: IT HAPPENED 5 TIMES IN A ROW. I'M NOT EXAGGERATING, AND NEITHER IS ANYONE ELSE THAT POSTS ABOUT ELO HELL FRUSTRATION. Honestly you aloof little fucks need to just stop it, seriously just because you're lucky enough not to experience it on a consistent basis does not mean there isnt someone on the other end of the spectrum experiencing it on a CONSTANT basis. Get it into your fucking head. Comments liek this are exactly why I made this post, and even when I give PROOF of what happened after you all say "oh its never THAT bad" (I just fucking showed you its THAT bad) you decide to say, "oh that's only one time". If it was only one time, would I really find it worthwhile to post on reddit? Hell if it was only once a DAY I would be fucking happy. I have to completely dominate any game where I have teammates that a) dont rage b) dont intentionally feed c) dont disconnect/leave game just to stay at the same elo because i literally have a 1:1 ratio of games that are "normal" and games that have these assholes in them.
1	The Korean Meta focuses on heavy pressure early game.  And that could mean swapping lanes to make it a 1v2 lane and take an early turret.  Then using that gold from the early turret to pressure another objective, such as Dragon or enemy jungle.  With this pressure, the Koreans are able to force the enemy into situations they want.  Putting the enemies in a situation you want can mean if they want a fight, they can force the enemy team to fight them at Dragon.  But if the enemy team refuses to fight then the Koreans receive a free Dragon.  And that only builds to their snowball, giving them more opportunities to pressure the enemy teams.   So
1	The best part was that Regi at first was saying Turtle was the ONLY reason they lost. Xpecial was acknowledging the fact that Turtle was the BIGGEST reason they lost, but NOT the ONLY. Then at the end of the episode, Regi said Turtle was the BIGGEST reason they lost, but NOT the ONLY, and then went on to say Xpecial was arguing against that.
1	I see a lot of comments telling you to play like 500 games and learn half the champions before going into ranked.  I don't really think that's necessary.  When you hit 30 and you feel like you're ready to go at it, go for it.  Honestly, there's no requirements for playing ranked.  If there was one, it should just be don't be an ass and troll your teammates.  While I'm not a hardcore gamer, or tryhard or whatever, even I appreciate people taking ranked games more seriously then normals.  If you're trying, there should be no problem and people shouldn't be asshats about it.  That's just wishful thinking though.   If I had to list a few though...   be familiar with each champion.  No this doesn't mean master them or even be proficient with them.  All I'm saying is for the love of god, know each champions kit, who has a stun, who has damage, cc, what items are good and how to counterbuild (just simple things like if they're ap... dont get thornmail).  Like I said, you don't have to know how the play each champion, just how each champion is played.  If you went through the free champs of each week, you should pretty much have this covered.  If not, wait a while until you DO get to try them out, or watch videos on them if you can't wait to get started.   find 2-3 champions that you feel you are proficient with.  Some champs that even if you don't feel you have "mastered", you would give yourself a 7.5+/10 rating when you use them.  Consistently.  Not like "Oh I've had a few good games with Annie.  I'll rate myself a 9/10 for these games and then a 2/10 for the rest of them".  Every game should be a 7.5+/10 no matter what the situation is or who you're up against.  Yes, there are some champs who do better against others, in these situations, play it more careful or swap lanes if they're lane enemies.  If the 2-3 champs you pick are known common bans (1200~ amumu, gp, brand, annie.  Others I know about are Orianna, jax, I don't think nidalee anymore, alistar) then learn more.  I should've clarified and said, pick 2-3 champs who are NOT common bans and become comfortable with them.  Ashe, tristana, Caitlyn, Cassiopeia (well when she's unbugged), Udyr (well he's banned often too), WW, Sona, Janna, Taric.  People like that who are strong, but not often ban-worthy.   Develop an iron will.  People are gonna be raging and crying and whining and rage quitting, and trolling, and all sorts of nasty stuff, either on your team, or the other team.  Don't let it get to you.  As long as you do the best you can, that's all that you could've done and nothing more.  Sometimes there really is just luck involved in matchmaking and you get people who are just either terrible people, terrible players (in the sense that they're way below the level they're playing at), both, or people who are both.  Once again all you can do in those spots are just stay calm, bring your A game and hope the other team is having as much trouble as you.  If you lose, you lose and that's it, no use crying about it.  If you're frustrated, stop for the day, or take a 30 minute break before playing again.  Go take a dump and poop out your sorrows and anger or something before coming back and trying again.  Just don't let anything bother you or dishearten you.  Yea, you might be sad when your Elo drops, especially in the earlier games where you get/lose more Elo, but when you start playing ranked, you take that risk, no matter how good you are, and if you aren't ready for it, keep playing normals.  Eventually, you'll be put at your level as you develop the experience in ranked to carry yourself out of lower Elo games to where you belong.   Learn to make good decisions.  I will never understand how people who got to level 30 will still run into the most obvious baits, but yes it happens.  Learn to push hard, but also when to retreat.  Learn to chase an enemy down for the kill, but also when to stop because their whole team is up and possibly coming behind you or is waiting for you in the bush ahead.  Learn to not get overconfident and try to 2v5 or 1v3 their team.  Learn that just because its the jungle on your side of the map, it doesn't mean its safe, especially when your outer turrets and ESPECIALLY when your inner turrets are down.  If a teammate is obviously dead, don't run in 1 by 1 to try and save them.  They should not have been there.  If you were overextended and got caught, learn and don't do it again.  If you are losing team fights terribly ward all over the place and catch 1 or 2 people out alone with your team.  In fact, do that anyways even if you're winning team fights.  If the other team has a jungler, don't push your damn lane so hard unless you can get a few good shots at the tower and can take it down eventually.  You're asking to die.   Remember that the whole friggin objective is to destroy towers and nexus.  Kills are nice.  Kills are beautiful.  Beautiful kills are especially nice.  They are not the point though.  They help you to destroy towers and win the game.  If you get the chance though, push the stupid towers.  Don't chase the other guy into the base only to have his team respawn, and you have to retreat and then nothing has happened.  If he's leading you on a merry chase, give up that one kill because he's low and can't do squat unless he wants to die anyways.  Go get a tower, or if no lanes are pushed, take dragon, baron, buffs, push lanes.  DO SOMETHING THAT WILL LEAD TOWARDS THE END GOAL.  Not chase teemo across the entire map, having him juke you through bushes into mushrooms.  Or worse, chase singed across the map, having him laugh at you the entire time and then scoring an ace on your team.   Other things that are very nice to have/do.   -Constantly buy wards.  Every trip, at least one if you can. (This actually is one of the things you should NEED to do, but meh, some people still don't so if you don't you just fit in with the crowd that doesn't and will probably drop into the lower rankings)   -Call those mias.  Communicate with your team and hope they communicate back, both before and during the game.  Pings if nothing else.   -Learn each role.  AD, tanky dps, support, tank, AP carry.  Like I said not necessary if you can be really good with 2-3 champs that you can almost guarantee playing (with 1 or 2 maybe that you can't) but it IS nice to fill up your team comp with the missing component.  At lower Elos this isn't so big because individual player skill makes a huge difference compared to team comp, but it's a good thing to do that can help more and more as you raise your Elo.   -Have a full rune page.  Better yet, have a full rune page for each of your mains.  Better yet, have a skin!  It inspires fear into the enemy that you're good, but then again raises your teams expectations of you also.  More importantly runes though.   I could probably go on and on about things like this but it's way too long as is and I doubt anyones going to read the whole thing.
0	Firstly Kevin Smith is 100% wrong about this and I wish he DID use kickstarter to fund projects.   What all you people who are bagging on famous people using kickstarter are saying is "WHY SHOULD WE PAY FOR A MOVIE TICKET? THEY HAVE MILLIONS OF DOLLARS ALREADY OMG FUCK THEM"   Kickstarter backed movie projects come WITH A COPY OF THE MOVIE for all but the very cheapest level set aside for those who want to chip in a few bucks and can't afford much. (usually the price of a retail dvd or movie ticket)   If I am a fan of someone creative like Kevin Smith, Joss Whedon or yes Zach Braff, why would't I pre-order a copy of their next project in order to help them not only green light their next project but to do so with 100% creative control?   Imagine a world where Fox didn't fuck Joss over for many years cancelling Firefly and Dollhouse...if only Kickstarter was around to save the day back then!   How about an alternate reality where Kevin Smith could have just gone on writing and directing awesome low budget movies with no studios telling him he has to make shit like Cop Out or executives refusing to green light something?   Not to mention the extra bonus of exclusive swag from our favourite franchises...t-shirts, signed posters, chances to be extras, visits to sets, props used in filming, red carpet screenings, video\audio messages from our favourite actors\directors thanking us for helping rather than a studio taking our money and not giving a fuck about us...I don't understand why people are against this!   Kickstarter for famous people doesn't sound so bad now, does it?  That is the world our children will grow up in and I envy them for it.   edit
1	Now see, I agree perfectly! Thank you! The thing with ranking is that it's knowledge vs. mechanics. You could know the perfect builds for every situation on every champ you play, but if you can't pull off a combo or CS or land a Final Spark, you won't go far. Same the opposite way, you could have godlike reflexes but be clueless as to what to build or do. The first kind of person could probably offer great advice, if not at least educational conversations, despite being Silver or so. The second person will shove complete BS ideas at the streamer and give lower-elo players a bad name. Ironically,  I find that really low-rank players (like level 12ish) are actually really nice, and don't flame, at least over on the NA servers.
0	I already explained why I mentioned tech.  I don't really take people seriously if they're afraid of technology; people who are afraid of the internet specifically and mistrust it because of technophobia exist and if that's their motivation for saying "don't believe Wiki," I immediately dismiss their points.  I don't care to further elaborate for you. But why are you so hung up on the tech point anyway?  If it makes you feel better, I'll retract it. I don't really care and it's not the main point I was making.   "There  is  false information on the internet." Well...yeah, duh.  But this constant and universal assault on the accuracy of info on the internet is the tech/info literacy equivalent of telling kids they'll get the aids-bola virus if they're so much as naked in the same room with a person of the opposite sex.  Just don't be an idiot, use reasonable sites, and cross-check references and you should be fine.   Really, this issue applies pretty much anywhere you get your information.  I've found just as many fallacious articles published in  Nature / Science  as I have on Wiki (in science articles I mean, of course).  Look, my  job  involves constantly parsing information on the internet.  You're making quite the assumptions here: 1) That I blindly trust technology. 2) That I think this issue is a matter of technology. 3) That I don't think authority is important.  Who do you think writes the articles on, say, renormalization, hrmmm?  Do you even know what that is?  Know who knows what that is?  Figures of authority.  Crowdsourcing is terrible for some things; for others it's amazing.   Since we're tossing in unfounded ad hominem attacks in here, there should be a word for people like you who seem to be predisposed to  not  believe things on the internet.  I know plenty of them.   You've actually weakened your argue by demonstrating that you're far more likely to make presumptions about the nature of something than you're claiming I am.  You've lost focus of the main point, misdiagnosed my perspective, and been patronizing while telling me nothing I don't already know.  I'm quite done here.
1	Just going by personal connotations:   Hugh Jackman and Famke Janssen for Graves and Leona (seriously, Pool Party Graves splash art and Leona in the Pool Party Login splash art).   Mark Wahlberg and Chloe Grace Moretz for Garen and Lux.   Jason Statham and Woody Harrelson for Draven and Darius.   Halle Berry for Karma.   Matt Damon for Jarvan IV.   Bruce Willis for Swain.   Jamie Foxx for Lucian.   Liam Neeson for Tryndamere.   Owen Wilson for Twisted Fate.   Channing Tatum for Taric.   Doug Jones for Singed.   John Rhys-Davies for Gragas or Gangplank.   Kevin Durand for Brand or Shen.
0	It's an effort to try and keep trolling at bay by removing anonymity.   I worked for a company that used Facebook validation as a way to verify the age of the user (this was for a mobile app, for what that's worth). Since Facebook's ToS require that users be 13 years of age or older, you can piggy back on this and not have to verify the user's age yourself (if you want to enforce age restrictions). Obviously there are plenty of people under 13 violating these ToS on Facebook, but it's a decent enough way to dodge blame if a kiddo starts using your product.   That said, requiring me to use Facebook or Google to sign up for your product will almost always make me leave your page/uninstall your app.
0	Barista here, I wore a white collared button up with sleeves rolled up to work everyday plus full time college student.  While everyone else wore a polo and t-shirts and part time college students who did half ass job. And within 3 months I jumped 4 people above me and became supervisor plus a .75cent raise. Not only did I dress professional, but I'm wasn't lazy. Also I've got clear motivation "I like to work because I like nice things." Work hard, reap the rewards.
0	I had a similar story in my life. This kid was bullying me for a long time but I didn't want to get in trouble so I just let it happen. Finally I told my dad about the situation and my dad said "Just knock his ass out then". So the next day when this kid is bullying me again I tell him "If you say another word, I'm going to punch you in the mouth"   I heard him start to say what I think was "whatever"... but he never finished the word because I cracked him with a right hook right in the temple and down he went... Our recess lady was standing right there, gave me a high five and told me to get to the office, which i gladly did. The principle called my dad, my dad laughed and got yelled at for doing so and then explained the situation to the principle. They both laughed and gave me a 3 day suspension that was fill with video games, ice cream and instant messages from my friends congratulating me. Oh how I miss being a teen in the 90's!
0	Arizonan here. A lot of people will say its "legalizing racial profiling" but that's just a bias excuse. In fact the SB1070 was focused (and worried about) Arizona's economy. It talks about "anchor babies" where a pregnant immigrant will birth her child in AZ therefore making the child a US citizen. The problem with this is the hospital (and taxpayers) are stuck with the hospital bill. The whole problem starts at illegal immigrants who live in Arizona and use Arizona's economy without paying taxes.   The bill says you need  probable cause  to be pulled over and to see your "papers". Really any cop anywhere can racially profile and dig up an excuse to right it. On the other side immigrants play a big part of the economy and provide cheap labor(another controversial topic).   Trust me, I once did a community college presentation about this.
1	I think removing the promotion series would be lovely, All it does is it causes more stress and makes you feel like you've accomplished nothing after winning your 2 games in a row! Basically what that means is when you are playing those 2 games, if you win the two you don't feel an accomplishment that is even comparable to ranking up a division because you start at the bottom again and you are still in the same rank. I feel that keeping promotion series between ranks is necessary, otherwise we can just go back to the elo system. The new system made climbing ranked harder but stopped massive losing streaks from effecting your gameplay to hard so here is how I think the system should work:
1	Honestly just drop Dominion and rotate all of the different fun modes Riot has created. Why the heck Riot spends its valuable time making these modes only to scrap them 2 weeks later seems silly and frivolous.   Rito, I and many others I'm sure would agree that the fun modes are very enjoyable but just not something people want to spam like Summoner's Rift. While this is the case we don't want them to disappear after only getting a taste.   A good comparison is ARAM. Most of the community is not just doing ARAMs for hours at a time but it doesn't mean we want it to be gone in 2 weeks. It would be beneficial to the community and provide Riot a way to compete with other games such as DOTA and Heroes of the Storm which both contain different game types and thrive due to this.
1	People need to stop simply regurgitating what they've heard from others.   The CLG strat of giving all free lane farm to DL is something they did primarily in the SPRING split when he was usually the only threat and Link played a more supportive role.   Now in the Summer split CLG usually goes with two or three threats depending on Nien, and the farm is pretty equal between them. People simply assume that Doublelift "steals" cs from his other lanes, yet this is only true whence splitpushes, which is not as common from him now. Much of his high farm numbers are actually amassed in the laning phase due simply to his better mechanics. In general, CLG is also a very mechanically strong team and each carry generally out farms their opponent, thanks in part to bigfatlp donating his jungle.
0	Alright. So imagine this.   The accused is now sentenced to death, by way of the victims death. He had killed by flaying him alive. Now, you can't make a machine flay someone alive. You can't do it blind folded and the new victim cant be put under anesthesia either.   Congratulations, you need someone else to commit the same horrible act of mutilation on someone in order to kill them the same way. No, you cannot make anyone do that to another human being for a variety of reasons. The death penalty is setup so as to be both humane and impersonal so the executioners may feel distanced, and not totally mess them up in the head.
1	not at all, twitch is all about the surprise whereas when you play Vayne they will see you coming and thus retreat or deliberately choose to fight you: this is not a assassination but a fight.
1	you do understand that having a psychology major doesn't equal a psychologist right? rofl   psychology majors are 99% completely useless. You have to have a masters degree at least in psych to have a chance of even working WITH a psychologist
1	Granted I'm gold IV atm but I've been winning over 60% of my games and climbing due to something I think I've recently come up with. In the past my focus has been on winning my lane or counter picking my lane, which is nice but if the champ you pick does have synergy with your team comp then late game and team fights I tend to struggle. So lately I've been leaning more towards picking champs that have good synergy with the rest of my team, and I promise you I can tell the difference in games now. If your team is squishy no matter your role try to pick a front liner, if you lack CC get a cc heavy champ, if you see your mid is ori pick j4 or zac for good ball initiates, this really makes the difference in games imo.
0	It's definitely going to depend on your kid. When my wife was a child, just the thought that she was going to disappoint her parents or make them sad was enough to get her to stay in line. But some kids aren't motivated that way, and that doesn't mean they're assholes. They're just not finished developing that part of their conscience yet.   With my son, we tried a lot of stuff when he went through his terrible three's. He didn't give a shit about our approval, he wouldn't sit still for time out, he didn't care if we yelled (which we weren't that keen on doing anyway). So for him, I instigated "time out" for me. I'd just say, "I don't want to be around you when you're acting like this," and walk into the next room. He'd follow me around for a few minutes, first furious, and then sad, and I'd ignore him until he finally broke the mood, and then give him lots of love.   For really extreme instances--he has a drawer full of crap toys. Y'know, McDonald's happy meal toys, that kind of bullshit. If he was being a real monster, we'd say, "stop what you are doing, or I will throw a toy away." And then if he didn't stop, one of those toys went into the trash. And it didn't come back out. If he kept it up, he'd lose another one. We only had to do it a few times before he caught on.
1	So hosting a game to have fun will get me banned?   If that's true I go to DotA straight away. Sorry but this is retarded.   If it's IN the code we did not "hack" anything. We just opened a feature that's not there yet.
0	However, in the northern hemisphere its often the case that houses in the east of a built up areas are in worse neighbourhoods. This is because the prevailing wind would (or does) bring air pollution from industrial plants in the centre and make the area undesirable and so more affordable for workers. Even in post industrial cities the trend is often for established poor areas to be in the east.
1	Not a bad idea, but not that necessary tbh. If you position yourself well then you can be in position to grab or zone the enemies in lane without being in range of minions with your ults passive.   If you do need to be in range of the minions, you can usually locate yourself to minimize the chances of your ult proccing on a low HP minion. Sure occasionally you may take a minion or 2 when engaging/fighting, but that isn't that big a deal.
1	In S2 I made term - MiracleVladimir - it was Vlad that won his lane and hit lvl18 before 35min. Basically if you have MiracleVlad in team, you already won game, (unless you are fucking retarded). Unfortunately, it was in S2. Vlad in lane seems to be kinda strong after hitting revolver/hauting, but u hit those items at lvl 9-11 when first drake teamfights income (in soloq ofc) so you can bull your oppenent. But at this point enemy brusier should have Warmogs and AP should have Rabadons so you are going to get bursted and you are not tanky before hitting 4-5 items.   Spirit of the Spectral Wraith seems to be OK if you don't have double AP team comp. Its cheap item, works really well with Vlad, I think hes gonna be build more often on AP carries CDR related.   If you really want to see how easly you can burst mid/late game Vlad, you should watch Darien playing Vlad in EU LCS against Giants I belive. GG won that game, but Darien finished with like 1:5 stats (despite he won lane, and he get that one kill there) they just knew that Vlad is weak, and hes just a bigger creep. His team won, now Imagine game not as snowbally (Genja and Alex were mega fed) and put Vlad that did neutrally in lane, or lost. You are playing 4on6 at this point.
1	So as a main AP Yi player for about a year or 3, these are my thoughts on the remake FROM AN AP POINT OF VIEW!:   Passive change: With the passive change, you no longer can setup a double strike for an additional piece of harass on an enemy. Where a good Yi player will use minions to harass the enemy, get a double strike and Q an enemy instead (or minion near enemy) and throw in an AA for the extra damage, this is no longer possible, as the counter gets reset after leaving combat. Especially in early game the cooldown between Q's is way too long for you to properly setup a double strike in between for this same purpose in the new system.   Q change: This spell prioritizing close targets is another thing that removes all of an AP Yi's playstyle. The main trick behind playing him is knowing how to handle an enemy's minions in such a way that you know your Q is gonna hit him, either by Q-ing a minion that will die when your are in flight, Q-ing when the minions just pop out of FOW with the enemy around and more stuff like this. Also part of the randomness is a thing that can get a Yi rolling. Imagine an enemy escaping from a Yi, running through it's minions. As an AP Yi really only has 1 ability to do damage to enemies to, when an enemy is escaping AP Yi who just used everything he might get lucky on a Q on the minions, killing the champion while he is just getting away from his minions. With the new system there is no chance in hell you will get the running champion. In lane this will mean you can only harass an enemy when there are 3 or less minions in your wave because as far as i know there is nobody who stands next to his melee minions all the time... The aa shortening the cooldown on this is ok for teamfights actually because in longer teamfights, when highlander is gone, you are just standing around waiting for Q's to come off cooldown... And then the biggest problem: IT DOES PHYSICAL DAMAGE!!!   W change: Instead of giving him armor and magic resistance, which is a good thing because a Yi is squishy as is and very prone to get CC-ed, they are going for some kind of damage reduction. I do now know how this is going to work out but it seems to me that this is going in the direction of a %-based reduction or something. I am not sure about this change. Mostly nice for AD Yi i think because it will heal more the less health you have. Also the damage reduction effect being less against turrets makes me think it removes part of the niche of this ability. Early, mid and (early) endgame you are not able to properly tank turrets with this skill yet any way and in the endgame you have enough AP so the armor on the skill is not what you are tanking the turret on.   E change: I dont really care about E, the only thing i use E on on AP Yi is for when my lane is gone and i am pushing the turret, when i am taking my blue or in the endgame to get my sheen proc going. It is going to be a percentage of either total ad or bonus ad but like i said i dont really care. The active adding true damage is actually quite nice for AP Yi, however it scaling with his AD makes it less interesting again.   R change: The big change here is that they are splitting highlander into a passive and an active effect, with the passive effect being the thing that yo really needed for AP Yi. It says it reduces the base cooldown by an amount on champion skill, which make me thing that it does not reset your skills at all, making Q chains impossible, this removing the thing that makes a Yi, when he DOES get lucky in a fight with his Q (getting kills with this in a teamfight can still be quite difficult) the king of kills.   Itemisation is gonna change as well, as Q is going to do physical damage. With this champion only having 1 real ability to do damage with as AP, the thing that you would build is Magic Pen, AP and err.... More Magic Pen! Sorc boots, liandry, void staff, lich bane can all go down the drain for AP Yi.   And then to the skins: The base skin looks ok, it looks like some updated coloring and modeling of the old one so i like it, but then we get to the others: Assasin skin - Got changed from some shadowy black figure to some weird kind of purple dude Chosen skin - They kept the lasersword but basically removed the full coloring of the skin. The cool light and blue coloring just fit the character really well but they just blatanly removed it. Samurai - Looks way too much like base Yi skin now colorwise Headhunter - Actually looks good now :D   So from a skin point of view, they updated the base skin, uglified assasin, chosen and samurai skins and made headhunter Yi look good.   So all in all: Thanks RIOT, for removing the one champion that got me hooked to the game, the one champion that gave me my first penta, the one champion that gets called the dunkmaster for a reason, the one champion i bought all skins for for the full price, because i just wanted them on my favorite LoL champion ever, the one champion that can turn the worst teamfight into an ace with 1 lucky Q. There is no rework here, instead of having 2 champions in 1 (AP and AP Yi), they are removing these 2 and making a new champion all together and removing a shitload of his playstyle.
1	I play normal draft mostly with about 200+ wins. When I notice there is a premade during the pick I ask right away if it is, and who are premades. I practiced so I can fill any roles and always have the mindset to play what is convenient for everyone. This way there are little conflicts from the very start and sometimes even gratitude because I will play whatever they need if it is 4 person premade. During the game I expect anything to happen. I play for fun, and I play to learn and do my best. If someone rage at me I stick to the facts as I see them and try be friendly no matter what happens or what they say. Most important is to always try to play to win in order to learn something. Sometimes I just play custom games to have a relaxed experience but when I think of it, even a horrible lost game is way much more challenging and can teach you important lessons in for example how to stay alive when things go bad. In every situation there is a best way of playing even if game is lost.
0	I sort agree with you. But it is not the money that should change per say in my opinion.   We need to view and treat teachers as professionals. We basically - the public, the school system, the teacher unions - treat teachers as factor assembly line workers. (Nothing against factory workers by the way.) Think about it. A line worker has to the exact same thing again and again for their job. There may be skilled involved, but it is still the exact same processed followed again and again. Whereas a teacher needs to be adaptive and know a wide range of stuff.   For a professional setting, you do have trim bad teachers. This needs to be part of it. For the same reasons you do at other organizations, your talent will likely leave because of the toxic nature of the poor co-workers.   **
0	And this is why you don't leave yourself logged in at home when you are at work and your girlfriend is at home >.> I don't know if she forgot to logout, she is to lazy  to logout, or she is just trying to make me look bad.
1	Because back in late season 2/early season 3 Leblanc sucked. That was back when everyone was too cowardly to play most non-meta Champs in competitive and Leblanc was one of them.   Her CS ability was abysmal, her mana costs were high, her snowball was hgih, and things were clunky all around. Removing the mana cost from her ult was one of several things that they did to make her decent.   Her cooldown on her ult back in the day wasn't a huge deal either because no one ever built Morello or Athenes on her. She got the 10% from DFG at most and just wasn't as good as she is now. Plus base stats are a lot different now so people are squishier around level 9 which is why she sort of came back into season 5.
0	I had a Kindle stolen and that's the story that was used.   Amazon mailed me a Kindle Fire in its original packaging and UPS left it on my front porch.  I called Amazon and they mailed me a new one, and gave me the address of the person who registered it.  The police went to the shipping address (where she worked) and told her boss there was an investigation.  It was eventually returned.   The woman claimed she bought it off somebody on the street.  The police officer said she was full of sh*t but there wasn't anything they could do to prove it.
1	Hello im gonna write this in dutch for all the people who have this problem in the Netherlands   Hallo, ik had dit probleem ook, en heb de volgende dingen opgemerkt   -Als je een firewall hebt, check of je ARP berichten krijgt, mijn ''ziggo firewall'' beneden, wilde constant weten wat mijn MAC adress was, waardoor mijn internet / computer het niet kon verwerken, en daardoor valt het internet voor zo'n 5 - 25 seconde uit.   Wat ik heb gedaan is in de firewall zorgen dat de ''firewall van ziggo'' ( weet niet precies hoe dat kastje heet ) niet geblokkeerd is, en ik heb nu nergens meer last van.   ^
0	Unless the right lane is an exit only lane so not many cars are getting off there and the cars that are getting off are going faster. Then you are in the right lane. If you are a truck that is going half the speed of the current average between the cars, you need to lighten your load.   It turns out the rate of speed of the lanes is highly correlated. One truck goes slow, the entire freeway suffers. No matter what lane that truck is in. It suffers directly proportional to the amount of cars. (If there is only one car with the truck, the freeway wouldn't suffer).   Actually, if we define horizontal flexibility to be the probability of making a lane change at a given time. It makes sense horizontal flexibility is directly proportional to the rate of speed. However, if all slow cars stayed in the right lane, eventually people in the right lane are going to have to move if they are not going slow. The horizontal flexibility reduces to the probability of making that one lane change to the left.   However, if a slow truck is in the middle lane, the horizontal flexibility is actually greater because it's the probability of making a left + probability of making a right lane change. From the above, we see that it's probably smarter for large trucks to be in the middle lane!   Extending on for no apparent reason. When people platoon up, relative to the congested area. Horizontal Flexibility is extremely low. However, when people are congested up, the rate of speed is usually very low which also shows the correlation between horizontal flexibility and rate of speed.
0	I agree.   Once, I woke up in the middle of the night on my couch. I went to my bedroom and began undressing for bed. I had my favorite dress shirt on, and for the life of me, I couldn't undo one of my buttons on my sleeve. I woke up the next morning shirtless, save one cuff from my favorite dress shirt.
0	I don't remember anyone hating XP or 7, actually. XP I remember specifically loving all of it. Vista was a hot pile of shit because of the change from 32-bit to 64-bit when a whole bunch of companies didn't really make x64 drivers or programs, so it broke almost everything. They fixed that, thankfully, in 7. I've never heard anything bad about 7 either. That's all beside the point though.   Win8 is shit because of it's UI, not because of how it operating system handles things. It's relatively stable from what I've used but it's Metro UI is utter crap. It sucks terribly with a mouse and keyboard. The push to use everything from the Windows Store is terribly annoying as well, but it's mostly a UI issue. I don't understand at all why they would make it the way they did. Make is use mouse gestures, make the points for controlling the charms and shit easier to get to, not on opposite ends of the screen, make my "Task Switcher" stay up if I want it to and most of all don't make a single app take up the entire fucking screen. Seriously. I'm on a PC and I'm going to be multitasking a lot, don't make it convoluted to switch between programs. That design feature just baffles me.
1	While most AP champs do not need tear, like Olmond has said, it completely depends on the hero. Its true that if you already have a rabadons, you need around 3k mana to make it worth not buying another. However the real point I think some people miss is that it gives you 1400 mana, and while late game your mana pool may be big enough to sustain you through a few fights, im probably not the only one that has found themselves lacking mana.
1	At max rank, it's does instantly deals 25% of current hp to all champs in a fair-sized AoE. For one champion to instantly snap a quarter of an entire team's hp (not to mention the up-to-1500 shield AND 70%    slow) is monstrous. I assume most people saying Eve's ult is underpowered aren't using it properly. It's meant for initiating, like a Malphite ult. Wait for them to bunch up, make sure your team is ready, then burn the hell out of whatever you want. If anything, it's an even better initiate than Malphite's initiate because you can stealth-walk around them without getting caught and get a (possibly) massive shield while instantly burning a quarter of the team's health.
1	The thing people don't understand is he got put behind on lee sin very early. Lee early game is his strong point, but at this point he was too behind. Lee's mid game isn't good at all if you're behind and his late game, even if you're 6 item, is trash.   So at that point lee is a gambling play maker. He had to try and make plays otherwise lee is a useless champ (does no damage and once he goes in he's in for good)
1	If you think skilled-based gameplays are boring, you should really watch Navi.Dendi play.   And do not think you can just go "yes, I'm highly skilled, I can pick any hero and outplay them". The job of drafting, ganking, warding, initiations, laning, moving around the map is highly taxing on the players.   For example, The Alliance won this year's TI3, they are strategically solid and executes their plan perfectly. Navi that came second is also solid, but the star is undeniably Dendi. The things this guy can do will boggle your mind (if you delve deeper in Dota).   I'm playing both game extensively and follow both professional scene, and I can honestly say that its not that strategy is not important in Dota, its that most player are not skilled enough to make strategy matters. Can't even bloody last hit and deny, stun-stacking unnecessarily, overextending, stupid itemization, etc.   I've played all position in both games, and have had experience in captaining/drafting, and it's just much easier in LoL in that you don't need to worry about skill level too much. In Dota you do not have that luxury. Every single detail matters. That's why it is more deliberate and slow-paced. Definitely a more cerebral game.   Honestly, LoL is much more fun and accessible. But Dota 2 will always hold a special place in my heart, and its fun to go in and conduct a "symphony of skill" play with your team once in a while.
0	Not even close to the worst, but I'll confirm that the thought is incredibly aggravating. In theory I agree, but here's the deal. How does one 'earn' them? Do we give prompt an courteous service, or is that just our job? Tell jokes? Drop the rest of our sections so you feel more attended to than everyone else? Lick your boots? We have no way to know what you want. Worse, if you take the time to explain what you want (I love waiting through those speeches), you're not only wasting time that we could have spent getting you fed, but also feeding all the other patrons. Or checking the kitchen's work. Or cleaning, or stocking, or any of the other multitude of things we have to do.   Now, don't get me wrong. I generally make decent money, and enjoy my job. But that's due in large part to usually being able to spot the folks that want me to earn their respect before I can earn money, and passing them to less experienced servers. We see hundreds or thousands of people a week; we get pretty good at reading people.
0	I'm curious, but why? I don't mean this critically, I'm more curious if at some point in my life I will start being interested in those posts.   For example, Last summer my girlfriend and I got a dog. Suddenly,we turned into "post all the pictures of our puppy" people, much to our dismay. Except we weren't dismayed. We were fully aware that we SHOULD have been ashamed, but we weren't. Now I see these pregnancy posts that I have always had no interest in, and still have no interest in, and wonder if I will change into that guy when I have my first kid someday. Or maybe it's some other thing that changes. Or maybe it's just some people do and some people don't. I don't know.
1	AD Champions and AP Champions are different. Your question is like asking, what's the better orange, the apple or the pear?   AP Champions focus on bringing burst damage and utility to the team. They provide the brunt of the damage to shift the team fight in favour of your team. For example, Morgana can be used to snare targets for your team and be used to break up the enemy team while providing CC and damage for your team.   AD Champions focus on bringing sustained damage and escape to your team. They provide the continuous damage required to kill tanky champions late game. For Example, Kogmaw and Vayne are two of the best AD carries late game because they do more damage with items than any other champion in the game letting them shred champions with the same amount of money in defence.   albeit, in your level right clicking and going to get a drink is probably easier than trying to balance mana with skill shots while kiting the enemy. Regardless, as you progress through your levels you will eventually see this defining aspect.
1	Hello kind sir,   Thank you for your very detailed post. Now I am going to tell you something you and many other lower tier players are going to disagree with...  You are where you belong.   Now I know this might come as a shock, but if you're "easily" holding your own against silver/gold player then over time, that is where you should be.   I myself was placed in Bronze 3 this season, "a laughable tier for someone like me" I thought. After 2 weeks of playing nearly 80 or so games I had climbed to the prestigious Gold V.   Also, your preferred system of individual LP gain is totally and utterly ridiculous, this is a team game, ever played in a team based environment? If one player messes up, you all get punished. If everyone got individual LP on KDR, players wouldn't play as a team, people would steal kills, then people would argue over stealing kills, and the flaming continues.   By the way, your presumption that Junglers and Supports cannot carry the game is false. Junglers actually have the highest potential to carry the game. You control the lanes, the buffs, the dragons, the barons, the towers AND the wards. You get to decide which lane you want to feed/camp/control.   As support you do a tremendous amount of carrying, it may not seem like it and your assumption is normal, you control the pace of the game. Vision = win as they say. The support can make clutch plays to engage or save a teammate, a support goes out with the oracles and destroys the enemies vision, the support times buffs and objectives and keeps an eye on the map to warn other teammates about the incoming ganks.
0	2000 per employee if they don't provide access to insurance.  Have you read the ACA?  There is only a requirement to pay part of the insurance if the insurance is considered unaffordable (employees will need vouchers from the government to afford it.)  If they insurance is affordable, then the employer doesn't have to pay any part of it,merely provide the insurance. Through special employer exchanges, access to affordable group plans for their employees will be provided.  Of course, this will ultimately vary by state, as states are able to design their own healthcare plans that comply with Obamacare.
0	Boss here too. Can confirm. Also have two employees who have said the same thing to me too recently, as well as several others with whom I've chatted on phone with over the past couple of weeks. Don't worry OP, I'm not your boss as that has never been my dream job, but hearing it so much lately makes me wonder if I could somehow monetize my voice apart from my day job. Threadjack : ideas/suggestions?
1	Nope. E is a spell that can always be cast if at least one soldier exists. If it reports that the user didn't click close enough to a soldier (and if there are more than one soldiers in the world--if there's only one, Azir goes to that soldier) we assume the spell didn't fire and refund CD and mana.   I did an oopsie in the detection bit of whether or not the spell did fire and so if there were ult soldiers within 600 units of the actual target, the spell thought it didn't fire.
1	I had a game today where mid said a couple unkind things towards support for bad performance, this was maybe 7 minutes in. From there on, the support refused to play with the team because of this one toxic players comments. Then the ADC at like minutes 25, when we're successfully winning 4v5 decides he's done too. We lost, can't 3v5.   Not normally this bad. But I'd say, silver-gold it's 1/4 or 1/5 is an AFK/harass/feed/toxic.
1	There's no Link between them... sorry
0	Supply and demand. There is more of a demand for ebooks than true books these days, therefore you can charge more for ebooks than you can for a true book.   If you want an ebook (and there are lots of reasons you would, for example not wasting paper resources, saving space, etc..), and your budget for a book is 10 dollars, and the ebook costs 15, you might well say "fuck it" and buy the ebook. Further, most people shop for books online these days. You also get an ebook instantly.   Now let's say you have a budget of 10 bucks, and you want the ebook (which is cheaper for them to produce). You can't afford the 15 dollar ebook, but perhaps you can afford the paper version. This may not be as good to the customer as the ebook, but it is cheaper. The company selling it won't earn as much as they would from the ebook, but they are still making a profit.
1	Renekton is most unbalanced champion in the game.   When ADC were stronger he was decent. An early game bully then if he tried to dive backline he was kitable and killable.   Now he has randuins(please delete), sunfire and thornmail. He slows you double burns you and you die.   That is a myth that renekton is weak late game, myth that should be busted and thats enough.   Renekton's only flaw is fighting against heavy disengage comp.   And the reason they arent nerfing him YET is because trust me, he gets nerfed then the irelia jax jayce yasuo malphite, anything basically will be playable toplane without hesitation.   If you ask why they arent playable now then here is the my reasoning. Why would you learn a high intense mechanics champion that requires a lot of practice if you can play renekton taht basically does same thing by standing still and scratching his balls? You can spend time needed to pracitce a one of champions i mentioned onto three. Shyv, Renekton, Trundle. Those 3 are not really demanding and freaking high rewarding champions with medicore skill cap (or non like renekton.)
1	Being a Curse fan, I will be extremely disappointed if they do not perform to the levels required to qualify for the Championship Series. From a strategic standpoint they have the tools to make it there they just have to suck it up and be men about it, Saintvicious needs to be more accountable for the things he does wrong, and Cop is going to have to try to vie for a bigger role within the team. If Cop can play like he did during MLG Prizefights last week and the team plays like they normally do, Curse becomes an unstoppable force.
0	Sorry, but that show is terrible. In characterization, it's insulting in the way it constantly portrays these nerds as sexist, arrogant and spineless, introverted, socially and emotionally inept (all have Mommy issues, all seem "virginal", all are prepubescent in behavior, all have the same fandoms, the same dislikes). I'm fine with laughing at these silly stereotypes, but no one challenges their labels, no one actually shows they are a multidimensional character in this story--they all merely follow their typical archetype. And so, there's no character development, no one changes and nothing ever happens because everyone is the same vapid and insulting stereotype.     What really disturbed me the most, however, was the lack of tact the writers took in forming Raj's character. Not only were they unable to write an inoffensive stereotype as they fall into these same ugly patterns I mentioned above... but they do it while dealing with the sensitive subject of presenting the only character who's a racial minority (assuming that Howard isn't racially or ethnically Jewish). I mean, come on. Raj's plights, his aspirations and accomplishments, are ignored even when they are clumsily introduced as center points of the plot. These writers can't seem to even write one serious episode that explores its characters, but this is much worse. It's like these writers can't even plan one episode about Raj, even to just mock and humiliate him exclusively, like they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the center of a storyline, ever, even when he is supposed to be the joke of the episode, and therefore fails the most out of the entire character cast...which says a LOT.
1	Very Nicely written, Im always for more fan fiction that doesn't contain erotic elements since there is only so much u can take of it. love the
1	He's not a trollpick, he's very uncommon and people get mad when you don't follow the meta.   However as Rule 11 says on the tribunal [FAQ](   Can I be banned for not playing the meta?   Players are not banned by the Tribunal for not playing the meta; they are banned for consistently creating negative experiences for others. We have data suggesting that reviewers of Tribunal cases are very thoughtful and accurate in their verdicts, so if you were reported for not playing the meta but were being a positive player, you can expect to be judged fairly. In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.
0	Jesus I could fill a book with all the comments you've made in here.  We get it.  It's a shitty meme meant to be a joke.  If people take their relationship tips from Advice Animals, and think it's actually good advice, they're too stupid to be in a relationship anyways.
1	You have to keep in mind that no matter how good a player you are, you won´t be able to carry every game. When people talk about how they can´t carry with support they bring up the worst team they have ever had, well too bad but you can´t carry that team with any role.   The games you win for your team are the ones that are relatively even. Get your head out of your ass and stop talking about even carrying(not talking to you separately). Appreachiate your teams plays, it´s a team effort when you win AND lose, work together to win.
1	Objective-based plays were prominently shown by Koreans since  IPL4 . That's where the push meta got its name. Of course, there are other teams from other regions back then that played the same game. However, TPA was  not  one of them since they were a very questionable team (IPL4 precedes the Battle Royal, where they threw like professional baseballers). I'm not sure if you know enough about competitive league to talk about things like that.
0	Look, Just keep waiting and don't commit until you are absolutely, completely blown away by the most amazing person you never could have imagined you'd find. Never settle. Not even a tiny bit. Remember as men, your value will steadily increase as you become wiser and more influential in your field. Women's value always decreases as they age. They become less fertile, less attractive, less desirable. Eventually you will reach a point where you just cant wave off all the unwanted beautiful girls! Keep your head strait and your money tight. I have faith in you.
1	No.  Simply put, no.   There will always be factors outside of your control.  But people overestimate how much this is--by far.   Let's use the typical analogy of "what would happen if a pro were in your game."  /u/iyfSilencer estimated that "in about 10-20% of all matches you will lose no matter what you do."  Well, the obvious retort is that Faker wouldn't.  He'd win about 99.9% of Silver or Gold matches he played, and he'd probably win 90% of games at low Diamond.  Or something like that.   Obviously, you're not faker, I'm not faker, etc.  But the point here is:  you may think you're doing everything you possibly can, but you're not.  Not even close.   There are  always  things you can do to play a situation better, and you have to keep going with this mindset.   The moment you attribute failure to outside sources, you stop improving.   This is definitely an oversimplification, but you want to err on the side of looking for ways to personally improve rather than blaming others, both in League of Legends and in life.   The key word in this question is "consistently."  No, it is not possible to  consistently  lose because of factors outside of your control.  The reason why playing in lower tiers can be so frustrating is actually simple statistics.  If you're in Silver 1 and you are "good enough" (whatever that means) to play at, say, a Gold 3 level, then you might win about 60% of your games.  That's pretty far above 50%, but it might not feel like it.  It'll take you quite a few games to rank up.  Add to the mix the outside factors that you cannot control--AFKs, weird picks, refusing to ward, trolls, etc--and it can very quickly feel like your quality of play doesn't matter.  But it does.  What you need to do is get  significantly better than where you are now.   Being "good enough" to play at a Gold 3 level isn't going to make it easy to get there.  You need to work on your individual play until you can go toe-to-toe with mid plats; then you might win 70-75% of your games in silver, meaning that it's much easier to get to gold.
1	I think Katarina is worth picking up.She has major mobility with her Shunpo (E) and her ultimate deals insane damage if the opponent stays in the channel for enough time. It scales with 250% of your AP and building magic penetration will allow it to do even more.
1	He has been indirectly nerfed. The changes to dragon and baron make his ult no longer shred their stats, and the wriggles nerf hurt him too as a champion with an auto attack reset. His objective control has decreased as a result.   Not to mention, anytime a champion is buffed, it's an indirect nerf to any champion that remains the same. Take the Nunu buffs for instance. Nunu and Trundle are very similar in that they are mainly single target, melee range, have movespeed/attack speed buffs, have good sustain in jungle, have a good slow, and can reduce the damage output of the enemy ad carry. Nunu does everything Trundle does except shred armor and mr, but he does it better now with the buffs. Nunu also has immensely better objective control, a perma slow, massive zoning potential and AOE damage, and can also give the movespeed/attack speed buff to another champion while keeping that buff up permanently.
0	Funny Story. Here in Australia we can't afford to have the baby boomers retire yet.   They make up a huge majority of the tax income for the government, and a lot of them were born or simply didn't take advantage of superannuation so a lot of them when they retire will be using the dol as a retirement fund.   Now what happens when a huge chunk of seniors born around the same time retire, halting a huge income for the government and then start to use a pension, meaning a huge amount of them will be taking money away from the government?   Deep Shit.
1	Hello Reddit,   I'm a relatively low-elo player (Silver III), and I started playing lol just a month before s3 ended. I absolutely loved the game and tried to get better doing stuff like watching streamers and learning their build/jungle paths, laning phase and little champ-specific mechanics. I really got better in time doing this and practicing CSing in custom games. And was placed bronze 1 pre-season 4. Now my question is I was able to climb the ladder with my current skills, and I happened to win %70 of my games (even though I never REALLY carried one) and climb relatively faster. But these few weeks has been hell for me. It seems really hard to win games now, I have like a 1/10 losing streak and that one win I ended up with a score like 1/8/2. I don't know what happened and I don't really see a difference in my playstyle, I got demoted yesterday and today i sit at 25lp Silver 4. What should I do differently?
0	I understand a lot of you don't think someone can be addicted to weed or just think I'm being a pussy, and honestly I'd probably have the same reaction.   But I said I'm addicted because I honestly think I am. Weed is fun, and awesome thing to do with down time and a great stress reliever. In moderation.   My problem is I don't have the self control to "gentleblumpkin, don't smoke this bowl rght now". I smoke entirely too much. Since smoking in excess I am now failing 3 out of my 4 classes and quit the swim team. My friends all notice a change in me (not for the better) and my family just thinks I'm growing into an anti-social recluse. My bank account is nearly drained and I feel guilty whenever I get a bank statement.
0	It's ok, at least you're was interesting. Mine was "best
1	Not raging and trying to make everyone have fun is all good and fine, but stuff like "just accept you won't ever get better, and don't try to improve" is stupid... No offense, but please don't play ranked if that is the mentality you play with... I know some people will probably say "Yeah well, it's just a game, it's only about having fun", well, maybe I like climbing the ladder? Maybe I like winning because of good plays and teamwork all around? It's not directly "fun", but that's not what I play ranked for... Like... The only reason why you would be stuck in Bronze is if you don't try to improve... I am Bronze 1 myself, but I haven't played much ranked until recently (got demoted from silver 5 because I didn't play for several months), but I have been climbing in points, and I plan to reach silver this season.
0	Which part is confusing you?   A weekend warrior is someone who portrays themselves as deeply into a culture, but only participate on weekends.  The term became big with motorcycle riders.  Businessmen would don all the hardcore paraphernalia of motorcycle gangs, but only on the weekends.   Of all the religons around the world, Presbyterian is lite idology.  No need to confess to a pastror or priest, go directly to god.  No need to visit a church 3 times a week to pray.  Technically, you never have to go to church to be a good presbyterian.
0	Not. They haven't even tested their longest range missile, which, for the record, can barely reach Guam. North Korea is not a threat, and, if anything, they're going to have all of their governmental officials dispatched by South Korea before they can move a damn pawn.
0	As a prospective teacher and current TA, people need to understand more about the Gates foundation's initiative for Common Core.   Yes, the Gates foundations donated tons of money in an effort at reforming school curriculum, but did so without proper knowledge of a school system. I've seen firsthand how Common Core is a joke, but people instantly presume that some billionaire throwing money at a problem will solve anything.   Example: Common Core is made up of some pretty strict guidelines, you teach by the book on the book's schedule. The book tells you what to teach and when to teach it. What the book doesn't take into consideration is the schedule for State Standardized Testing.   This past week my 5th grade students who have not yet been instructed in fractions (per common core) were required to take the State Standardized test, which contains a math section that has around 3 pages of nothing but fractions. Thanks to Common Core, we haven't gotten there yet, because we have to keep hammering home the most basic knowledge that all the students have already grasped rather than continue on to something that will be required on a Standardized Test.
0	25 on an MCAT. That's like the low end of what most people i know got when they took it without studying   34 on the MCAT. If you didn't get into the school, high likelyhood it was something else.   Before i decided to go for my PhD instead of my MD, I was a student-counseler for pre-MD students. I remember talking to the medical dean of Stanford and he told me some interesting things; i'll paraphrase: Most MD programs have a bias, sometimes its obvious (in the requirements for application). Sometimes it's subtle. The 2 examples of subtlety he gave were his program and unnamed school. Their school's had a directive as he put it: standford highly regarded research and research experience and drive to do research in med school increased your likelyhood quite a bit.. The other school was a med school in a highly religious state. He noted that their admissions valued volunteering, especially youth groups/religious activities/etc more than the typical school.
1	No. This post comes up a lot, please use the search bar first before posting in the future.   The main problem with your suggestion (as you haven't gone the usual route of "queue by roles plox") is that people will feel entitled to whatever role they have up. It basically just gives people a sense of entitlement to that role, which will lead to more arguments. Also god forbid you want to play a role that isn't listed as your best role when somebody else has the role you want as their best role.
1	I don't care for that fact that I'm going to lose the game, its more the guys on the other end that has to suffer from errors like these. Nothing I can do to prevent it, and nothing they can do to help me prevent it.
1	Im not sure about twitch tho,im feeling like Twitch is MF lategame version.   But Lucian is more like Ezreal 2.0 and his kit is amazing but not overpowered. I just totally agree that ADs are generally not that good. Either they are good/ok for laning but not good afterwards or they are (super) bad early/mid but good late. This including laneswaps,2v1 or 4v0,2v2 and generally duel power.   Twitch is imho only played because he has a MF like ult(and MF was so broken season3 beginning(was s3, right?) that destroyed the enemy team alone and he has with his ult such a high range that it doesnt matter that much that he has no escape, because you just need some champions to iniate and twitch can autoattack for free for ~2seconds without interrupting.
0	I think it's an evolutionary left over. When males fight, it's usually for control or status and we stop after one hits the ground or surrenders, then the conflict is over (usually.)   A women fights to the death. So as a male, you are suddenly presented to an opponent willing to go much much farther in escalating the conflict that you do.   In ancient times that could mean becoming a cripple or dying anyways even if you actually won. So you back the fuck down because the smart thing to do would be not to fight.
1	I usually Duo Q with the ADC for the ranked 5s team I'm on (since I'm the support for that team) we usually do awesome, last night we jump in a game, I had a few drinks for Monday Night Football (SD! the throws!) got home, jumped on, full team was available   We talk about our comp, I tell the ADC to pick Sivir, he's not talking... picks vayne, i picked my support to compliment sivir and notice the vayne pick was locked after my pick.... We invade, Condemn = free flash for Lee Sin escape, I get to bot lane, give up first blood, continue to die. Our bot lane comp is too squishy and I chose a poking support, while they had Ezreal Sona.   It was a long game, I ended up with 12 deaths, when I really don't like to get past 5.  We didn't give up and nearly won, however I felt like crap the whole game, especially when I saw 3 condemns from my ADC fail. I had to razz him about it, but eventually we pulled it together a bit.
1	kassadin is a slightly better roamer/assasin and has inbuilt tankiness vs other mid laners via his 15% reduced mdg in his passive.  Dianna works better in AOE comps with her pull in to set up AOE ults and has slightly moar broad tankiness in having a shield vs straight mdmg reduction.
0	It could be worse, buddy!  I mean, a little hair around the nipple?  Super quick waxing and you don't have to worry about it for at least a week....   You're lucky.  I am the hairiest person I know, by a wide margin.  I'm more hairy than my father, and I'm a damn woman.  It's THE WORST.  If I want to shave all my body hair (as is usually expected) it takes me like and hour and a half in the shower.  Then I have to cover my ENTIRE body in lotion every day so I don't get razor burn, and MAYBE I'll be lucky enough not to get an ingrown hair or three, but it's unlikely.   To top that off, I also have to pluck the hairs all over my face.  The eyebrows have to be shaped, but I also have to get rid of the DARK BEARD HAIRS that pop up on my chin.  Every. Single. Day. Every day, OP.  Every freaking day.  Plucking and plucking... It's madness.
1	they announced that 4.20 will be the last patch I am pretty sure. At least that is what Blakinola said in the last
0	If you're a US citizen then the chances are slim. The CIA themselves don't torture anyone directly anymore. There are many black-sites in Western-Europe where the prisoners/suspects are now transported, mostly new NATO allies looking to get in the good graces of the US government. These sites are handled by those domestic intelligence agencies which in-turn have some local soviet era goons do the dirty work so that even if any of it is revealed then it doesn't get traced back to the CIA or more importantly, the US government. The chilling fact is that because of the PATRIOT act you're more likely to end up being tortured in one of these sites than actually get to torture someone. When Snowden gets caught they're not gonna bother with bringing him stateside for atleast sometime.
0	Medication really all depends on the person. Albeit, I focused somewhat better on medication, I stopped taking it after the 4th grade because I would either go apeshit insane and destroy everything I saw (I once got a little mad when I was about 7 and straight up punched a hole in the wall) or I would completely lose my personality and become drone-like. I eventually stopped taking it on my own and telling my mother that I was still taking it to show that I could be responsible and control myself without having to take pills that completely alter my personality. So, the next time I brought it up (that I didn't want to take the pills anymore), I used my 'research' to back me and eventually got to stop taking it altogether.
1	When those champs were strong they were oppressive though, the only ones having fun were those who were playing them not the ones that had to play against them. Getting through massive heals to kill speaks is not fun, going from 90-0 with Urgot eqqq is not fun, having your entire jungle and lanes killed by Shaco is really not fun at all.
1	First of all: For god's sake, add some paragraphs, your post is a pain to read.   On Topic: I disagree with you regarding the fun part. Imo it is  way more  fun, if you have to choose "do I want to escape or go ham" according to your state of "fedness".   I'm just gonna pick up the Talon example: his ult is a nice escape or damage mechanism. If he is behind, he just sticks to the enemy ADC and uses his returning blades to deal further damage. If he is ahead, he probably already killed the ADC and can escape with his stealth.   Another Perfect example of the OP's opinion on Assassins. One thing you could add would be a second activation: Make it so that you can click R twice to make the blades return early and deal more damage to a target near you the earlier you reactivate. Thus you have an even harder choice of "kill or survival".
1	I think there is a huge difference. Chaox was arguably the best player on TSM while Elementz is not. Chaox would carries games and some of the community thinks it was a mistake to kick Chaox because TSM would not be as strong after.  On the other hand, Elementz is the weakest link on crs and cop needs a better lane partner.   Elementz is a great guy, but all he has is lan experience. He doesn't make any stellar plays as a support nor is he good.  If LCS didn't happen, Elementz would have a huge advantage because of the lack of LAN games and tourneys. However, the way LCS works is that every week it is a LAN match up so his experience isn't that special anymore. I'm sure there will be teams that try to pick him up for his pro experience but he actually has to improve his game if he wants to stay as a pro.
0	As someone who lives in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and who comes into contact with the Amish (along with similar conservative orders of Mennonite) regularly, I feel like the reality of the Amish is somewhere in the middle between this meme and the idealistic ones: There's a lot to be admired about the culture and ways of the Amish, but not all Amish people are all that holy or admirable, and some of their practices do end up treating certain members/animals unfairly.
0	Yes and no.   Being gay  is  different. But that doesn't mean its bad. Its also an extreme minority (weren't the last numbers like 6% or something?) - that has to be accepted as well.
1	for a new player its bad and the ip prices are party to high.  the regulation when they reduce the prices of older champs is also bad, they reduce it when a new champ comes out, bad idea in my opinion.  the champ should get reduced price after a fixed amount of time, like from 6300 to 4800 after 3 months and then lower after another 3 months or so, at least it would be better for players who are new and for players who do not play as much as others.  but the problem then is that a lot more people have everything unlockable with ip unlocked, so there should be something where you could spent your ip to win, for excample tips on lcs/ogn games with ip and if you are correct you get at least your ip back, or on bigger things they could even grant something special like skins, rp, or something new, like "parts of skins" so that you need like 3 parts of one skin to unlock it and beeing able to use it.  that at least would make older players happy to use their ip on something for the game instead of farming them more and more and dont have anything from them, except as soon something new comes they instantly can buy it, without money.
1	So if you want to know why Dyrus is more popular than SC2 and Dota 2 streamers, that is a really easy answer.  LoL is simply a more popular game.  As good as those other games are (I enjoy SC2 and though I am not in the DotA 2 beta I've heard good things) their numbers are just small potatoes in comparison to the behemoth that is the player base and fan base of League.  For the people that don't play DotA 2 or SC2 it's really silly to tell them to tune into a stream for that game. Just because you play all three doesn't mean everyone does.   So that was the easy part, I think your question is trying to probe a little deeper though. I think what you really want to ask is "Why is League more popular than SC2 and DotA 2?" I've heard this question from a lot of people who prefer HoN or DotA whose argument seems to be based on the idea that those games are 'superior' in some way and the players more skilled.  This isn't really the place to get into a LoL vs DotA argument and I don't think that was the point of your post so I'll just skip over it and give the real answer (in my opinion).  The way I see it, the popularity of LoL has way more to do with their business model than with the content of the game.  I think Riot made some really savvy choices when they decided how to make and market League and it really paid off for them.  Now this all may change when DotA 2 officially launches but that is the way things are right now.   While DotA and LoL are similar games and may have some overlap in skills required they just aren't the same game.  The biggest barrier to entering any MOBA type game is the sheer knowledge about champions and items that you need to acquire.  For someone who plays League but not DotA, watching a DotA stream will be really confusing. You may be able to appreciate Sing_Sing's last hitting skills but if you don't know what his champion does, what his allies do, what his opponents do, what any of the items do then you're going to be totally lost.  It's hard to appreciate someone's great timing or positioning on their ultimate if you aren't aware of what it even does.   To end, I'll address your nitpick. The mini map on the right is just the default setting on League of Legends. Some people who transitioned from other games were bothered enough to switch it in the game options but most people either don't care or didn't know any better since they have never played DotA or SC. The only reason you prefer mini map on the left is because that is what you are used to and that is the same reason why LoL pros might be resistant to switching.
1	When you start playing ranked, don't just hug the meta, play what you feel good with and what you enjoy, trying to play only some champs that are "op" is senseless in silver/gold and might lead to picking them without real knowledge why are they so good. Just find 2/3 champs for each role that don't have a 50% ban rate and play them to the max, do not care if they're meta or not.   Stomping with offpicks is really easy in silver (especially because some enemies don't know how certain offmeta champs like galio, quinn work), totally easier than jumping on the meta train, at least that's how it works for me.
0	Freshman year of high school. I become friends with a sophomore girl, eventually becomes huge crush. I ask her out the following summer, nothing good comes of it, I feel like an idiot. Spring of senior year. She randomly starts talking to me again, we find out we so much in common now and all this great shit. I realized it too late, she was trying to start something. A week before college classes started, she asked me out. We a saw a movie, talked, goodbye hug, nothing special. That's when I realized it. I ask her out te next weekend, turns out she's transferring to a new college at an unreasonable distance away. Haven't talked to her in a while. MY FEELS.
0	This might seem insane but (if she isn't joking) she may just be wondering if there are people you are friends with who actually don't like her but won't be honest about it as long as you're with her. Just my take, could be wrong though.
0	Getting on sexual cam websites. It stated as "innocently" as much addictions do, with the mild version. I remember being bored one day and going to chatroullete one night to see what the buzz was about. I was exposed to things that were cool (met a magician), things that were weird (group of dudes just sitting there and starring at the camera), things that were completely illegal (10 year old-ish boy just masturbating which had ruined me for life), balls, lots and LOTS of balls (men just love to be watched doing their act it seems) and last but not least, some hot girls (emphasis on some). They would start teasing you then disappear. It was so frustrating cause there was no way to get back in communication. So at that time I remember seeing ads that featured girls that were live for you to chat with so I looked into it more. When I saw you had to pay per minute, I said forget this but then I saw this one girl who really caught my attention. I loaded up $20 thinking "eh, it's just $20". What a mistake... It exposed me and now I'm a fan. It got worse when I found out about "free" cam sites that all you do is tip instead of a per minute deal and I've been completely hooked ever since. 2 years strong. Help...
0	I've done this before. Freshman year, with my English 101 class. The professor seemed like a hugely judgmental bitch. I skipped 2 classes (a week) because I hadn't written the midterm paper yet. I promised myself that I would write the paper that weekend. Didn't happen. Skipped yet another week. Eventually, I didn't even care about the paper anymore, I was just afraid of going back to the class because of what the professor would think of me.   I COULD have filled out a withdrawal form right then and there, have her sign it, and be off the hook with just 10 minutes of my time, without saying a single thing to the professor as to why I wasn't in class the past 2 weeks. The anxiety of just showing my face kept me from doing so. I ended up skipping that week too, causing me to miss the withdrawal deadline.   I then skipped every single subsequent class, and predictably, failed the class. This made my GPA tank, and I lost a 15,000 scholarship. I now go to community college (which turned out to be better than my old university, but I digress.) Don't let this happen to you. Speak to your professor immediately.
1	If you take a random sample of 100 players, games played will have a loose, but not absolute correlation with skill level. If you take a sample of 100 players at a specific elo with >40 ranked games, there will not really be a correlation between games played and actual skill level.   Games played (which wins is a proxy for) doesn't take into account experience with similar games or alternate accounts.   Thought experiment: You hit your true Elo, let's say 1500. You play 200 more games, but you win 100 and lose 100 against other people at the same rating. Why should the system regard you as stronger than you were before if you can't win more than 50% of the time against equally matched competition?
1	That's the unfortunate part about society.  If you stray from the norm, you are sanctioned for it to make you conform.  Sanctioning others is subconsciously beaten into us by culture.  It was the same case for racism in the early and mid 1900s.
1	I will be blunt, this is bullshit Riot.   No, your opinion is bullshit. Just because you were in the wrong place at the wrong time does not mean its Riot's fault.   >If this patch is really this bad then oh I don't know don't release it,   How would they know if it was bad? Internal testing only can go so far. They don't have a magic screen that tells them "Hey bros, this patch is cool, send it off". No, they test as much as they can, release it into the wild, get feedback from the community, and fix it there.   >I would rather you just redo the patch from ground up   Are you fucking kidding me. Redoing a patch from the ground up is a pointless waste of time. Tell me, if there's a small hole in your wall, do you tear it down and build a new wall? No, you fucking fix that spot where the hole is.   >because it is obvious you don't know what the problem is   And I'm sure you do. Riot, you should hire brossef, he's the only one of us that knows how to perfectly release patches with no bugs or server downtime. And he obviously knows how to cure cancer and make toast land butter-side up, too. Quit being an ass.
1	Yeah people seem to go ape-shit for useless validation from complete strangers. I personally can't stand the stupid posts that magically work their way to the front page of this Reddit. I die a little inside every time I see a "Not draven, DRaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaven" or "Confirmed on Saint's steam". This Reddit used to be a place to go for excellent insight on current events in the League of Legends community, and it provides excellent new ideas for skins and balance, but when the front page is filled with "Roit Pls" "Champ needs rework" it just gets insanely frustrating. Aside from the rare skin suggestion and/or post from regular Redditors like the pro players and constant content submitters like Leaguepedia, SOTL, Dig, ect, it's turned into a giant Karma whore-fest. Personally I'd love to see more theory-crafting and a real sense of community improvement instead of the giant circle-jerk of recycled nonsense that this Sub-Reddit has turned into.
1	Given how hard it is to create a  true  random number generator in programming, chances are the algorithm that ARAM uses probably isn't entirely random to begin with. Furthermore, changing the team comp. algorithm seems to me to be the best way to get fewer people to leave the game without dishing out penalties. The only problem (and admittingly a big one) is that people may disagree on when the algorithm should intervene with champion select. That problem aside, a good randomness algorithm would merely randomly select everyone's champions continually until a good match has been found. So, as long as the algorithm only intervenes in scenarios where one team  drastically  outmatches the other, I don't see why such an idea has to be downvoted without debate.
0	It was right at the bottom of the market after the housing market crashed. There was that tax credit for first time home buyers and my parents loaned me a little. It worked out that my 3 bedroom house is about $300/month less expensive than my previous 2 bedroom apartment so I can pretty much rent out two rooms for very little (makes it easy to rent out) and I pay next to nothing
1	The fact that abilities cost mana inherently gives you a cost/reward system. If you're sitting there spamming abilities, and the enemy dodges them, soon enough they will be rewarded for dodging your abilities when you no longer have mana for them. On the other side, if you land your abilities, it was a positive trade - you traded mana and they took damage (presumably you took less or even none, though this is only in the ideal case).
0	I started doing this about a year ago when I was made a permanent employee in the department store I work in. It started out as I'd buy a bag of cheap candy that was on offer in the store I walked past in the morning. After a giving a bag to  the departments on my floor I became curious to see what reaction I'd get from other departments.  In the last year I've done this for each department.(20 in total. Roughly 70 people) I've gotten many thank yous and smiles. Only one person what's this for and two people have returned the favour. I stopped doing it about 4 months ago and there are 2 people who go out of their way to asleep if I have sweets for them and if I'll get some on my break.
0	Don't be fooled though, an additional $17,000 when you retire is a large amount of money!   You're forgetting about inflation.  $17k in 2014 dollars is a good amount of money.  $17k in 2044 dollars will probably be worth about half or even less in terms of purchasing power.   30 years ago gas was around $1, and you could buy a brand new car for like $6 to 8k.  compare with prices now and think how far $17k will get you 30 years from now inflation proceeds to go up at the rate it has been.
0	Except that good service can also be found in many non-tip based food service society. If the system was waged only, know who would rise to the top? The good workers because the bad ones would just get fired. Know what makes a good server a good worker? Servers that give good service and bring in customers by enhancing the dining experience.
1	I'm using dodge runes on some squishies (such as Vayne or Akali) as it provides me a speedboost in very early stages of the game. An example: I'm going to harass my opponent and his ranged creeps are attacking me; dodging not just decreases the damage; nimbleness is also going to provide me a speedboost for a second or third autoattack; a potential kill.
1	Every situation will be different, I only do this when I'm tight on gold and want to stay in lane as long as possible. Ideally, you'll have both jungle choke points warded so you can see when the enemy jungler is getting ready for a gank. A downside to this one ward strategy is that the enemy jungler can simply come in behind and sandwich you in the middle of the lane. You can try to run out the other side of the river, but it's not going to be an easy escape. A champion like Lee is dangerous because of his many gap closers, cripple, and his kick; a good lee would get behind you, kick you towards his teammate, and kill you center lane.
1	Me and my cousin queued up for a rank game after a night out.  It was one of those nights that are mostly black in ur memory.  I don't remember much, but i do remember i got my ass wooped by a karma toplane.  At one point she was lvl 12 when i was still 2.
1	It's hard to make a plot for a plotless game, without ruining the thoughts around champions. Someone is gonna see their favorite champion being different from what they imagined and then give riot a lot of mess. The cinematics so far have been "ingame" based and champions only displaying play styles, giving them a 100% personality would ruin a lot of fun, would make your main very different to play. Each cinematic costs and takes ages to make, a whole movie would ruin them currently. And who would be the protagonist? I don't think Riot choosing one person above others would fall well with the fans. And with summoners a not being a relevant thing they can't use that. The only way I see, as far as writing the movie goes, is it being players themselves coming in and applying their own personality to the champions they play, where some of course some change their IRL personality to what they think the champion should be like. And then we just need QTPie to be there and say "you just have to do it, it's easy. But if you can't then your garbage", and the movie would be ready to sail if they make a decent budget that they still can afford.
1	The agressive pushing was only one facet of azubu's game though.  For instance, on another post on reddit, someone mentioned that (this would be extremely difficult for people in soloq) the support had ~60cs midgame.  This came around from rotations, where say top went back, then mid went top, support went mid, top goes bot after buy.  But if you suggested that support can get that much cs in 0 cs na meta in soloq with some coordination, you'd probably get flamed.   Also, while it's well known that you can't really push back a heimer, that doesn't mean heimer can easily down turrets as you suggest.  If their mid pick can wave clear easily (morg), then the lane will just reset/stall/freeze.  For instance, in the three games you dominated, your opponents were vlad, ryze, kennen.  Ryze can't waveclear effectively early game or when his ulti is down, vlad doesnt hit his high point till 9 (and even then most vlads max q), and kennen only becomes decent at waveclear if/when he gets enough ap and is safe enough to e+w the wave (although he clears slightly better pre-6 than the other 2).   Also, dragons can be taken pre-6, a competent team will ward dragon by/before level 6, and if you all-out push, you will probably get ganked somewhere
1	Heh most people have similar stats when they start playing   Honestly if you're this new I wouldn't even worry about ranked, your best bet is to focus on a small pool of champions, strong picks that aren't always banned and its easier to do consistently well. As fun as it is to play a lot of champions it not very good to have such a huge champion spread when you want to gain elo.   You have a lot of champions played and its obvious you're inexperienced with them. I'm talking like a minimal of 50 games on a champion before you should take them into ranked, that way you're much more confident in what you can and cannot do. This way you have a much higher rate of flat outplay people in lane because they're not as experienced in the lane match up.   Given how balanced the game is now counter picking isn't even that big of a deal anymore if you're still confident in the match up. This alone will help you improve drastically. There are generally two types of players, you got the guys who focus on a very small pool will gain elo rapidly because they can carry, and you have the fellows with a large pool who if they're good players they'll raise elo, but very slowly. Which isn't a bad thing but its very easy to climb out of sub 1250 just off focusing on the mechanics of one hero.   I really thing riot needs to nerf the cost of rune pages right now, its just to much for new people to come into the scene without spending the money for it. 2 rune pages just isn't enough and we're talking months of playing just for a couple rune pages. I really do recommend buying the runepage bundle and IP boosts if you're willing to get riot points since it'll make your life a lot less miserable. Champions aren't that big of a deal since you're still learning the bare bones of the game and mechanics of champs, how they work, their range, their animations etc. You can go off the free week until your comfortable.
0	That post is fairly old, and I've definitely progressed beyond it well. I've had multiple meaningful relationships since, but the core of what I said I still believe whole heartedly.
0	Fellow bro here. Had a similar experience on two occasions. Neither had to do with being nervous but rather that I was getting out of a dry spell both times and had been furiously masturbating almost daily. In both situations the girls were obviously miffed but each in turn took it as a personal challenge rather than an insult. So I stopped baitin and then next time they got me off in a matter of minutes. Girls happy, me happy, orgasms all around.
1	I sincerely hate posts like this.   If you're getting genuinly upset from playing this game, stop. fucking. playing. The only thing keeping you here is you making excuses to not stop. You're making yourself feel bad by playing League, stop.   I've been playing League from late S2 and I have had moments where I wanted to make a reddit post like yours. Unlike you, however, whenever I got this urge, I quit playing League. I played some Skyrim or some CS:GO or some WoW but I stopped playing League for the whole day.   A lot of people will tell you to take breaks often when you're ranking up.  I do it differently, when I'm enjoying myself and I'm doing well, I play non-stop untill I get angry. Even if I won the game that made me angry. If you're enjoying yourself, keep playing. If you're getting agitated because of  A VIDEO GAME  then fucking stop. Turn off the League client, go play something else, watch a stream, go make dinner, take a shower, do anything that takes your mind off League.   Then the day after, come back and play League untill you get angry again. Rinse and repeat.
0	I have a very hard time believing that the beach was "semi-private", particularly if it was being patrolled by police. A homeowner would have no claim to the beach itself unless it's included in the deed to the property; property along public beaches might include deeded easements for access across the dunes to the beach, but nothing more than that. Without knowing the area you were renting in, I can only speculate. But if the area includes a lot of properties similar to the one you rented, my hunch would be that the beach is actually public.
1	This one time in solo queue, I convinced my entire team to go yordles because we already had 3 picked anyway. Everything was going well, we were winning and everyone was laughing and happy. Once we lost one teamfight the blame shot to me, "why the hell would we all pick yordles." Sooner or later we lost and they said report me even though they agreed to picking yordles and were fine with it when we were winning.
0	If you're actually interested in why this is so, [consider this study]( Researchers found out that students were more likely to drink if they believed that alcohol had positive effects on their social skills and energy levels than otherwise, even though previous studies had demonstrated that alcohol had only a facilitating effect on sociability if the subjects thought being sociable was advantageous.
1	I think that this is the biggest reason some of my friends dont want to start playing lol. From a non-summoner perspective it seems like a boring game with only 5 small maps from which only 1-2 is worth playing and shitty cartoon graphics. However, for me and many millions of other players its more than that. Here are my reasons why I played the game for such a long time with a lot of passion:     The community. Yes, especially the reddit community in this game is awesome. Especially when you get better and climb the rankings, most people are really nice to talk to. This is the reason I like WoW too. This is what makes it a better game than any egoshooter for me.       I can play it with my friends. And I can compete with them through custom games. I can have good times and bad times with them, I can talk with them about the strategy, about fails and plays like I could with no other game. With other games, I feel like there is less to talk about.       E-sports. And here, I prefer it to any other game. Its a teamgame and here, it is amazing to watch the communication between team members and how perfectly new and interesting strategies work out. Its not only about individual skill like in cs. The strategy is the most interesting part. Its like football(soccer). The biggest reason people play football is because they love theor footballteam in competetive play. There they can try to copy what their favourite players do.       The game mechanics itself. Its a game that builds up from the beginning and everything you do will affect the game later on. Later then, there come new opportunites that open up to take your team to victory. This enables a whole new game every time you start one and also enables new tactics evolving in the player base.        and last. The player support, the people from riot and contact to them through reddit and forums. These guys are awesome! Their connection to their fans is amazing, they come up with funny and exciting things all the time!!
1	I think one piece of advice some people have not mentioned yet is this:   There are others like yourself, that want to get better or declare to be in "Elo Hell" so decide to have the mentality that they need to carry the entire team every single game in order to move up in the ELO rankings.   I hover around 1400-1500 and find this type of person a lot. They normally call for a position and give themselves an unnecessary burden of trying to shoulder the entire game based on their sole performance to win the match. Sure it wins sometimes, but from my experience it seems that some of these players just crack under pressure and when they do, they start to make bad calls and plays.   I'm guilty of this as well and learned that while there may be some games that I will carry, there are certainly others that I find myself being carried.   Learn to balance out your state of mind when playing in ranked from "I have to carry this game" to "I need to trust my teammates this game." Even pros make mistakes, so when you find yourself in a bit of a rut, remember that more or less someone on your team wants to win and has the intuition and skills to make it happen.   So please, do not feel like you are the chosen one every single time a game loads up and that the victory of this game rides on your shoulders. It puts an unnecessary amount of pressure on you to perform above and beyond your capabilities and in the event that you simply get outplayed, you might not be able to recognize the mistakes you're making.
1	This.   When receiving a gank from jungle/mid: when the enemy is running. Wait out their jukes (every time they juke you close the gap) and cast it when they are running away.
0	I hate it when people think to be cultured you have to go to museum or the symphony. You know what else is culture? Literally everything that was created by humans. No culture is better than another. Different yes. There is nothing wrong with whatever your culture is. To OP's white roommate: You're bound to have some sort of heritage. If you have German ancestry grow you beard out (not just because it's no shave November). Germans have a long history of awesome facial hair. If you have Scottish in ya put a fucking kilt on and throw a huge log around. There is all sorts of shit your white background to enjoy. So quit being such a bitch
0	Your kidding right? While that may true in the current scheme of things it is far from true over all, and if you provide a source such a comment I will accept it.   And what I'm about to say might make me seem racist but fuck it. I can understand where your coming from. But like I said if you replace the term Muslim with Black, at least in the states, it still accurate. Does that mean being black is the problem?   Its getting a bit long. "Approximately 12%-13% of the American population is African-American, but they make up 40% of the almost 2.1 million male inmates in jail or prison (U.S. Department of Justice, 2009)" Does that mean black men have higher chance for being criminals or its because socioeconomic backgrounds makes black more likely to be situations where crime is an option. The point is to say first its not a religion that promotes violence is the specific leader, group, individual. Second I agree with you that currently every news about a religious killing (except for like 3) were done someone claiming to be defending Islam, is that okay? No but it doesnt mean that Islam is the cause of these deranged people.
1	By buying nothing but MR items, you are severely hurting yourself.  Yes, you'll get half of it in AP and a caster will have a very hard time killing you, but having a low HP pool (for a tank) and no additional armor from items will just make you food for a decent physical carry.   The same goes for Rammus.  Yes, stacking armor grants you a bonus that stacking MR doesn't, but you will be destroyed by an Annie, Vlad, or any other decent mage if you don't get magic resistance.   There are a few exceptions (like the current physical carry metagame (DBlade into IE into LW into some Attack Speed)), but you should try to avoid going into a game and sticking to a build 100%.  Your items should always be situational.  This is probably most important when playing a tank.  Look at the other team at the loading screen and make a basic build outline from that.  If you're playing against a group that could go either AD or AP (Kat, TF, Sion, Yi, Shaco, Sivir, Eve, ect.), wait and see their builds and counter them.
1	Korean Junglers evolve E>W>Q thats thats the ideal evolve Order E for Ganks, W for Mid Game Skirmishes, and Q for late game max Damage(Lizard/Black Cleaver/Maw/Last Whisper).  But the game can completely determine what you need If your team is skirmishing a lot/making picks then evolving W>E>Q(Elder Lizard/Black Cleaver/Last whisper/Randuins+Banshees) will be the most beneficial for you since you provide a utility slow and can just engage low health targets.  In Competitive play there is no need to Evolve Q First teams are much to organized to let you isolate them without the rest of the team reacting or just simply baiting you to invade but in SoloQ evolving Q first can help you shutdown the enemy jungler and get early dragons for your team so you would want Q>E>W.
0	My family was hit head on by a dude who decided to cross double solids to pass the fella in front of him. So, it was obviously his fault and his insurance is going to cover everything.  My insurance says "we will put you in a loaner vehicle (which I accepted because they would pay up front where as his insurance would leave me to pay everything until time to settle) for 30 days". I'm grateful and I know they understand that every dime they spend on me (I've been a loyal, paying customer for more than a decade) will come back to them in the settlement. Getting financed for a new vehicle proved difficult, as the first one still showed a year old account with a balance of $14K due. On day 18, the rental company informs me that I needed to pay a large sum or return the vehicle by 5pm, as my insurance company had apparently stopped paying after 8 days. What? No one from my insurance called me to tell me anything, there must be a misunderstanding, they promised me 30 days! I called and my insurance was all "we figured you'd had the rental for a reason amount of time". No one had the decency to call me and tell me they were going back on their promise for 30 days, they just let me run up a bill without knowing. I have 5 kids and a full time job and I couldn't get financed until my wrecked vehicle showed as paid off....how was 8 days a reasonable amount of time to get a replacement vehicle? There's more, but I've already written a damn wall. In the end, I decided they'd had my business a reasonable amount of time.
0	And this is why my published book gets no sales.  I would like to make money, and I do, but just enough that I can afford to pay my car payments, yippie!  But then a college class or 400 decide to make my book a required reading for their course.  Students say fuck the police, and download a ripped copy and share it with each other.  I'm the one that's hurt, not the university, not the professor.  Just the publisher and the writer.  Me.  So thank you ass fucks for downloading and sharing my book.  I hoped it helped you get a passing mark and I'm glad you paid your university good money so their lawyers can block my attempts to remove my book from your syllabus.
1	Before I start ranting I have a good tip for everyone out there which is that while you play try to look for other players in your game that you might want to duo with and then just add them and ask, duoing with someone that decently good greatly increases your chances of winning even if you're not communicating with them over skype, etc.   I kinda felt like that for a good while as well while I was stuck in gold 5 and to be honest it is all about finding the right champion that works for you and your division.   What you also want to do is just start focusing on your own game and only that. You should be winning your lane every game and if you're not winning it then figure out why and improve on that until you are consistently winning. Winning can be a lot of things, but in general you should be ahead in kills or cs, preferably both, killing your opponents tower does by no means mean that you won the lane though.   If you are seriously trying to improve it is also important that you actually put some effort behind your games. For a long time I was trying to improve, but during my games I wasn't really doing much. I'd just make mistakes and then I'd be like okay that was a mistake and then I'd make that same mistake, or something close again and then just repeat. Actually think about every game you play and consider stuff like where their jungler is, where do we need wards, I need to get more cs this game, I need to kill that tower, etc.
1	Throwing this right back at you   >Being a good team player begins at champion select.  Be open minded when considering the needs of your team.  If you’re the last one to pick, try to fill a niche in your team that hasn’t already been filled. If everyone’s picked and something stands out as a deficiency in your team composition,  try asking for another player to fill the gap,  or change roles to embrace that responsibility yourself. Remember, that by taking on a role you don’t normally play, you’ll learn more about unfamiliar champions and increase your own skill level.   Now you have to realize, that saying "mid" is telling your team you want and usually know how to play this role. If you go "i'm first pick, you're 5th pick, you're supposed to be support, not mid" you're just a dick.
0	Check ELI5 for an answer. Basically, Obama lied about his goals of government transparency and freedom over security and doubled down on Bush's surveillance policies and a whistleblower, Eric Snowden, exposed it. The NSA collects basically all your data from companies like Google and Facebook without  real  warrants. People are mad. The US government and President Obama are embarrassed and want to lock this guy up and probably execute him for their embarrassment. People are not happy about this either.
0	I posted this as a response but ill just throw it here and see where it goes.   To begin with the Confederate flag probably started out as pure and the ideal for states rights. It has changed though when the KKK and other groups that hate African Americans started using the flag. The moment a hate group highjacked the symbol it changed to hate.   This can easily be explained through a story: I went to Japan when i was 15 and saw what appeared to be a swastika on the GPS. I started asking my host mom questions and she said that it was a church. To the Orient it means something spiritual yet to a majority of the western world it is a symbol of hate. The symbol originated as a religious symbol but has been twisted as a symbol of hate. (and is slightly different)
0	Gonna go ahead and say I met the exception to prove this rule.   My best friend, a guy I met when I was 14 at church, was my first roommate. I had lived away from home for a year already, but he was just moving out. We worked opposite shifts (I worked overnight and he went to school and worked evenings) but most days ended up being me getting in from work, sleeping until I heard his alarm go off, then him head out and go back to sleep. Then I'd wake up around 1p, walk into the livingroom and he's killing just as few citizens in Assassin's Creed to not lose the game. And we'd chill, have lunch, watch the Rangers, whatever, until I went to work that night and he went to bed.   We had our spats over bill payment, mostly me reminding him to pay something and him getting fussy because I was being kinda parental. And he could drink me under a table easily and I usually called it quits pretty early. But, we had a grand time in that place together, helping each other up when we were down over girls, or school, work, etc. He encouraged me to get back into school, and I've stuck with it since.   He met a girl about 6 months in to us living there, and when the lease was up, they moved in and got married a couple years later. They'll be having their first kid in June.   He's the guy that got me into this reddit nonsense, he's still one of my best friends. And when we get drunk (swiftly) and smoke cigars on his back porch, we think back about how great those days were when we were only 22, 7 years now, in wonder of how great we really had it together and didn't even know.   I think he knows my reddit handle. If so, you know who you are. Love ya, guy.
0	This is something that people with hsv-2 struggle with when dating. If you don't tell someone right away, you're a liar. If you tell them on the first-third date, you're being a little to personal for just having started dating. (If sex isn't the initial goal, but a relationship is). The facts are these: hsv-2 and hsv-1 can be dealt with using medication, it's more common and wide spread than people know because many don't show symptoms, and some people have bad outbreaks while others may only visibly show herpes once in their lives.   The worst part in all this is the stigma. I've see a whole lot of posters in this thread with statements of how 'gross' herpes is. It's the thing that transforms genuine and good people into complete douche bags. Some may just not return your phone calls. Some may actually call you gross. Or reminding you that you should have been more careful, even though most people get it from individuals they trust because those people don't know either.   It's a damned if you do and damned if you don't situation. Yes you can try to seek out other people who have hsv, but that's not always full proof (online dating can be tough even without an STI that never leaves you).   All that said, way more people have the hsv-2 virus and don't know it. People who have it struggle with when to open up to dates. But there are good people out there and they have wonderful experiences with each other. Just have to be determined to find it.
1	Result speak for itself? Fnatic beat C9.  C9 Beat fnatic.    Alliance beat worst tier dignitas(was worse than Millennium). Old gambit beat CLG,  TSM stomped Lemondog(2nd best EU team at the time).     EU and NA are no different. Put a league of all combined, and it will be throw city for each team each week.
0	I did this once. My best friend and I went to Pizza Hut (pizza joint, when you walk in, give your order at the counter, then sit down and they bring it to you) The guy at the counter was super nice and tried to find the way to get what we wanted for cheaper than normal. Our pizza came and it was honestly the BEST FREAKING PIZZA EVER! It was perfectly browned, perfectly sauced, the cheese was all gooey and yummy. It was perfect. Well, I went up and asked one of the kids behind the counter if I could see their manager, and then I sat back down. He came over and asked "Is something wrong?" He automatically assumed it was bad news! (and by the look of fear on the other kids face, he thought so too.) I told him I just wanted to let him no it was the best experience I had ever had with Pizza Hut, food and service wise. It was awesome.
1	You seem to be missing my point. My point being that the dcing person should only recieve the current elo loss and not a higher one.   Im sorry if I enraged you but there are some people that just can't afford a better computer. Should they not ve able to enjoy the game? And issues concerning powerloss. I know they are impossible/ish to prove and that most of the time it probaply is the persons own fault. But I do believe there are unexpected situations.
1	They've already explained why this wouldn't work. They have to be able to penalize people with -lp without taking away their mmr. If Riot takes away 3 lp for a dodge or even 10 or more for repeated offenses, they can't take away mmr or a good player will play with bad players simply because he skipped. If you use an artificial lp system you can take away the merit without taking away mmr. If people can just check their mmr after a punishment and see it hasn't changed then they won't care about dodging or decay or anything  else.   The lp system is necessary, just poorly implemented. Promotion series are largely arbitrary and completely contradictory to the idea of lp in the first place. Afks in a game could easily subtract from lp but not mmr (I'm not a worse player for losing the game because someone didn't connect than I would be if I won if he had). In other words the benefits that could have come from an lp system were largely ignored while drawbacks like lp cliffs (try dia 5) or promotion series are there for seemingly no reason.   The elo system as a whole breaks down after around the 2.5k elo mark anyway, so it's not really Riot's fault. Challenger and Master are huge and largely inneffective bandaids placed to keep it in check. Chess masters also use the elo system and the gripes are numerous. At a high enough elo it's impossible to seperate people consistantly and fairly. To get to 2.5 or even 2.9ish like some have done you need to beat worse players, but if a 2.9 elo shits on 2.3 elo kids all day every day, is he 3.0? How can he be if no one else is there? Who is to say how much better someone like Faker, Apdo, or Marin are than their counterparts? Are they winning because they're gods and could easily demolish people, or are they winning because their skill cap is just a liiiiiiitle bit higher than everyone else's? They'd win either way, but their skill is largely unknown.
0	I don't really care I was being funny, while it is annoying because like I said I was taught one thing and now have to relearn it, I'm active duty military and don't attend regular religious ceremonies because I haven't found another church that had similar beliefs as my church growing up.  We were more open minded catholics and probably not all that traditional. I don't really agree with religious teachings or how the portray humans or God. I wouldn't consider myself catholic any longer because honestly once you read the bible and live in the world I don't know how any intelligent person can believe that these teaching are just or told by an all knowing power. God would not have come up with these things and humans did unjustices to his teachings and wrote a whole bunch of bs in the bible. So that is my true opinion, but you wanted to be an ass over social media so I was one back. It was a simple joke that you took way too seriously.
1	After watching you play udyr (jungle - phoenix) and here is what I wanted to say about it: 1) You are behind in lvl to your bot by 3 lvls, how is that possible (you where lvl 5 [score 0-0-0] your bot lvl 8) 2) You max R on Udyr and you make a tiger build whats up with that? 3) When you run away you dont use Bear stance or even turtle (gives u resists you know) but you run in phoenix being destroyed in seconds 4) In a teamfight you dont initiate you just wait for blitz to run in, if you want him to start a TF just tell him to hide and pull some1 to your team not run in like a Rambo 5) 25min of the game you buy heart of gold!!!! Why know!! You think this game will last for 60 mins? 6) Lantern on phoenix udyr why?!?!? you clear camps in a sec without it... why waste so much gold ... buy AS item and gank oh !! almost forgot 7) GANKS GANKS GANKS where are there? Why are you trying to gank the least gankable lane... BOT the lane that in % has the least to do if you win or lose... gank top this is important lane for you cause you have a 1v1 if your team loses that lane you will lose the game.... priority in ganks is: TOP ---> MID ---> BOT not the other way around 8) You play udyr from a guide... lol   Conclusion... Like all players unranked (under 1 250 rating) you think you are good but there is some unholy power holding you down at this low rating. But watching your game as udyr that you won (but had nothing to do with the win almost) makes me believe that your current elo is your ELO... you shouldnt be 1 200 elo player cause you dont have the knowledge and the skill to be there. You play jungle and you have in a 40 min game a 67 cs score... this is not bad it is freakin terrible...  If you want to be closer to 1k elo start larning the game and its mechanis not just going solomid.net guide and lets make this it will be awesome! cause as you should know it is not awesome....
1	It says 21,45%, which is more than 21% chances of winning. His
0	I want to clear the air cause this turned into a comment war I didn't expect.   There's some factors I'm not sure are being seen by all sides here.  On one hand, This professor might be at some sort of specialties school and have more than 100 students in his class.  This could be a very high level class as well.The students might be around 22 or 23 and I could see treating them like employees more than students.  I still think its pretty unhelpful and almost passive aggressive, but hey I'm in education and I'm more the type to want to help them as much as they can and if I could I would do one on one with each student reminding them and guiding them until I'm sure they don't need my assistance.   On the other hand, this could be a freshman course.  These people aren't here because they are adults.  They are here to learn how to be adults.  If this is a liberal arts school, it may be some filler requirement that has nothing to do with their major.  They have several things to focus on, and the little bit of paper in their bag that's almost identical to every other syllabus they have had in their life that have previously been useless, wastes of bag room, and just clutter.  I think it would be a bit too unrealistic for them to see this one and go, "Well, better hold onto this one for the rest of the year" when even other professors tell them they don't have to hold onto it.   I think the issue here is that most people see the professor as a person who they are paying to guide, instruct, and help them as much as they can to reach an understanding of the material, but the instructor would rather say, "Not my problem" instead of "don't forget" when he knows that these are still just kids that are trying to adjust to a big change in schooling.  I could understand it if it were after the first paper.  But this just strikes me as one of those people that got his PHD for the pay raise and sees lecturing and assignments as a necessary evil to get the paycheck.   I have had professors as OP describes, but the first day they flat out said, "This is your syllabus.  Keep at least the front and back pages.  The front is my contact information which I won't be stating again.  The back sheet says when your assignments for this course are due.  I wont give you reminders.  Hold onto these."  And I never missed a paper or test.  So many teachers at universities and colleges have their own way of handling assignments and reminders that I feel this professor in question should have at least stated that in the beginning.
1	I had this the other day. The mid laner was stupidly angry at our jungler for no reason, told him to get cancer etc, the usual shit people think is acceptable to say.   So I just asked the mid laner why he is doing it? Why they thought they can tell someone they hope they die of cancer. Turns out this guy actually had some issues outside of game to do with college work getting to him and his parents divorcing. He ignored me though as I said he should apologise to the jungler.
1	Swain can really counter the HP stacking that has become commonplace with toplaners. Liandry's with DFG and his E... GG. But for real, he is so strong against the current League of Health Meta. And if you have a Rylai's (why would you not, this is Swain we are talking about) the Liandry's damage is doubled. My full Swain build is Sorc shoes, RoA, Athene's, Liandry's, Rylai's, and DFG. I choose not to bother with a Rabadon's, since I feel this build is most effective vs a high HP team. He already has incredible sustain, and this allows him to keep his damage up damn-near indefinitely. I like to play him top or mid.
0	I think all of this was stated above but I'd like to throw my two cents in to agree with you. Op if you're reading this I've gone through a similar withdrawal- it helps to get some basics laid down for your day and it's easy to add onto. I like to have a cup of tea in the morning and exercise. Not because I love doing it but because I actually feel more optimistic when I workout. Not the typical "look at your body and the progress you made". It's the fact that it really messes with the chemical balance in your head. If sleep from exhaustion isn't working, Id recommend melatonin as well. So many people pitched in here because we all wish the best to our fellow readers who opened this thread feeling like they had something to contribute for you or felt they needed the advice as well. You're not in this fight alone.
1	That was the point of my comment: True bronze players would disregard the Q slow (or remain ignorant of it) and consequently think Frozen Mallet is a good choice. However, since the build didn't mention it anywhere, it doesn't qualify as true "bronze build" and thus can't count as "the most bronze build ever" either.   /
0	When I was little our family vacations were to England to see my dad's family. Usually 1-3 weeks at a time. And fyi, We went to Disney  once  as part of an extended family vacation.   Now, as a working adult with no kids, my definition of traveling is a week at a time, camping or to see family in other places.
1	I've actually had horrible luck with Fizzes. I'm a jungler, so maybe I'm a bit biased (Fizzes rarely leash at my level, even though any other player on any other champion will help at wolves/wraiths and with the actual leash.) They almost always have bad farm since they need to last hit every single minions, and even if they go positive, they tend to run to the 10/8/3 sort of area, which really isn't actually that helpful in a game.
1	Hello iwearcr0wns, thanks for reaching out to us!   Have you taken a look around General Discussion lately? There are TONS of threads about this particular subject. As a courtesy to the rest of our community we try not to split conversations up into multiple threads, so I won't be able to give in-depth answers to these questions here.   Take a look in General Discussion and contribute your voice to the existing threads!   -The Beard
1	In my opinion this is where streaming reaches its limitations: there are so many small decisions that better players make that they don't even think twice about that someone who isn't as good wouldn't do. And I think when you're watching a streamer make these decisions, they're so second nature to them that you don't even realise it's something they're doing that you're not. Anyway
0	While this is obviously truthful, some people are blind to reality.   I say this having dated someone for 8 months that it makes me furious when I think of all of the bullshit I put up with.  I think it was just a case of thinking that the good outweighed the bad, but I don't think there really was any good to begin with.
1	I'm the same way and I'm only level 18! I started out as the "Oh whatever, let's have some fun" and quickly learned the LoL "community" is VERY harsh on new players. Since then I have become what I hated. I rage out when someone on my team is doing horridly and am basically a dick. Now, this all changed the other day when I joined up with some friends for a few 5v5s. We constantly, and I mean CONSTANTLY fucked up without meaning to. I tower dived about 4 times in the first 20 minutes. We were all in the same room and laughing our asses off. Since then, if Tryndamere decides he wants to mid in a 5v5, I let him take his lickings before heading my dead Karthus ass over there and taking over.
0	I would say the wording in this isn't the best.   I don't think science is effective in disproving God, but being someone who wholly believes in God, I think God has used a lot of scientific means to do what he has done.   I think that science and God can completely go hand in hand. God had to use some means to create, and I think it's interesting to look at science, and the laws of science and realize that God still worked within those laws to do everything he has done.   Anyway, my 2 cents on the whole subject.
1	While on paper what you say sounds okay, but Shyvana is such a niche champion that will get countered hard if she goes top lane. Champions like Jayce will shut her down by out trading/kiting her. Shyv's strong point is her high damage, AOE quick clears with burnout and the movement speed. You are able to bully most top laners in the early level but by the time they turn lvl 6, shyvana will began to fall off b.c. even though shyv has the ability to bully, she lacks the method to zone them or set up ganks.   also the part i want to really pick on is how u compared landing Shyvana's E with Lee Sin's Q. While the same can be said about any  skills that act as a linear missile, Lee Sin's Q i think has a bigger hit box due to the size of the orb and the animation adding 50units from its center (someone correct me if i'm wrong), making it much easier to hit. Even if u miss the enemy, u can use it as a gap closer if it hit a nearby enemy. And let's not forget the difference in damage out put.
0	I was with a girl on and off for about a year and a half. She had a habit of apologizing for things and wanting to get back together shortly before gift giving holidays, or any holiday in general, because she knew I was going to get her something whether it was a big day or not, because I was blindly, madly in love with her. I knew all along that she just wanted the things, but sometimes, the way she would smile at me when we were just together, not doing a thing, made me feel like my little lie of a love was worth it. I lied to myself for a year after our final and ultimate breakup, telling myself that there was something really there, some truly happy memory worth holding on to, and I wept at night because I really, truly wanted to believe something was there. A few months ago, I got a call from her grandmother who raised her for several years and with whom she was somewhat close. She told me that the girl had admitted to only wanting to be with me because of the money I spent on her, but said the way she talked about me, even the grandmother thought something may have been there once. This only further damaged my already confused heart. However, since then, I have been doing better, and have been in a good, stable relationship for a month or so, so I guess this story has a happy ending.   Sorry for writing a book and taking you on a probably unwanted tangent.
1	CONTEXT FOR /R/ALL*   Piglet a.k.a. Gwangjin Chae is a Korean League of Legends player who used to play for the Korean Team SK Telecom 1, a team who won the Season 3 World Championships back in 2013. He is considered a star player, and after the 2014 Season 4 World Championships where he and his team failed to even reach the World stage his team broke up and his contract was open. Team Liquid (Formerly Team Curse) quickly grabbed him and pulled him in to the NA scene to compete for Team Liquid in the North American League Championship Series, which is part of the regular season for League of Legends.   However, Piglet needed time for his work visa to go through, and during that time someone needed to fill his spot for the first few games of the LCS. That person was KEITHMCBRIEF, a challenger player in the NA scene who showed up very strongly in those first few matches, helping Team Liquid secure wins in their first few matches in the season.   However as soon as Piglet started playing in the LCS, Team Liquid seemed to falter, dropping several matches and according to the article linked there have been compatibility and communication issues between him and his teammates. This stands to reason since Piglet doesn't speak english and the rest of the team doesn't speak Korean, and these issues are clearly showing up in their scrims (practice matches) and LCS matches.   So apparently after much deliberation, Team Liquid has decided to bench a previous world championship winner in favor of a relatively unknown player who has shown himself to be a better fit for the team, and thus why this news is such a big deal.
1	not quite (i think): assume:     there are 2 players, A with 4/1 win:loss rate and B with 3/2 win:loss rate.    i+-20lp for each game.         both start at 0lp        if they both play 5 games, A will have (on average) 60lp, and B will have 20lp.   If B then plays 15 more games (9 win/6 loss = +60lp), he will then be at 80lp. As long as your win rate is above 50%, you will on average always have a net gain in lp.   not 100% sure of this, so if i'm wrong can someone please correct my maths/lp knowledge! :)
1	It isn't being outplayed though. If someone is trolling you in champion select then your chances of losing are going up drastically, you could say that the same thing is going on for the other team but the fact is it is happening on your team. Drafting has nothing to do with someone who que's for ranked without proper knowledge of the summoners code, disregard for the team, and more importantly just really are assisting the enemy team.   -I know it's a scary thing but you have to implement change at some point and Riot will not do it without the community backing. They do not need to because they have their pro's and their show, I made 1.8k elo and they do not care if you or anyone else does because they have their show. I personally want to see more decent players at their true elo, I know alot of guys who go in a game raging and I just say "Hey, I will help you get some elo." Then I proceed to by duoing and working with them and they really aren't bad players it's the fact that they are under so much stress from losing because of a good player at a high elo who knows they can get away with trolling a game that someone who is trying to dig themselves up out of to become a serious player and working really hard to.   -A system like that doesn't need to  distinguished between a good or bad players that is for the community to decide. That is how the tribunal works, that is just how the game works, and it won't be changing anytime soon. If you walked into a match(ranked) and started flaming people, everyone in that match will remember you and if they see you again they will think (if not say) "This guy is bad news, someone dodge." Yes, it's scary to think that if you pick a champion that is unorthodox that you will be kicked, but I've picked karma mid and tell my team "Look at my stats I got this." They don't dodge and we win! It is all about what someone else feels comfortable with that helps you win the game.
0	A: I think some perspective is needed.   B: he's now done more to deserve a Nobel peace prize than Obama ever has C:yes he's a homophobic POS, no one is condoning that, their praising him for avoiding a war(lots of people die in wars) D: I like Obama, voted for him twice. This whole situation, his lies(gitmo,ending the wars) have me really feeling like I voted for Romney anyway
1	Do you not think this happens outside of internet journalism? Do you see those people trying to fight off every person with a negative critique about them?
0	This happened to me a few weeks ago. The teacher used a computer grading system, said I had 44%. I worried about this grade for the next week, being the nice teacher he is he would let me retake it. He was going to circle the questions I got wrong and let me study them, then retake the test. As he circled the questions, he got confused and looks through the test again. He only circled a few questions. He scans the test through again and it turns out I got 88%, double of what it previously said. It was also way above the class average. Made my day.
1	Just because no one's said it yet and I'm that guy) Today I learned people can watch the champion spotlights when they come out. (Butnoseriously it's a good tip to know. Thank you for letting more Bards know this <3) Edit: Totally forgot to say "
0	The crazy ass lady who said this votes   With an average [voter turnout for the last six presidential elections in the United States]( lying comfortably at approximately 54%, that is borderline unlikely and by all means not certain.   >She votes in every election   Even more unlikely, though only slightly since I'd suspect people who vote tend to vote more than once.   >And she votes for the tea party   It is rather difficult to vote for an organisation which actually doesn't participate in elections, though I suppose you mean to say that she votes for candidates supported by the Tea Party movement. However, I'd like to point out that there is no way for you to deduce this based on the small tidbit of information we have been given. Stupid people are everywhere, and can vote for anyone.
1	You see, there's a small timing between the turret shot landing and it firing again. He got out of the turret before that timing was over, so it didn't shoot again. Not that hard to see, tbh.
1	It's both. You can't deny that he has come up with clever strategies, some of which abuse game mechanics to get advantages. But i also agree with you that his record breaking in WoW would not have been possible without a lot of support from fans etc. But then again, games like WoW are team games, so all achievements are team related.
0	I highly agree. The best point I can make is that, god forbid, they get taken as a POW. You can only imagine the primal, cruel, and disgusting acts captors can take on female victims.
1	i dont think so becasue yesterday there was this annie who was completely bad and fed katarina midlane. she ended 1/7/2 after 20minutes. me as the jungler tried to help her and gank but she couldnt engage on katarina, she was just bad and didnt feed intentionally. after that a 4vs4 teamfight broke out bottom and we got all 4 and annie got 2 kills out of it. i complimented the team and after that we just owned the other team who had a fed katarina. their bottom lane also dominated our bottom lane but they werent feeding intentionally , neither was annie. its intetntionally feeding if they say it and buy boots of mobility and stuff.
0	Warning: Incoming unnecessary pedantry   While I get the OP's point, I know how difficult beating addiction is, and I applaud the parent for teaching their child about the dangers of smoking, I simply can't resist the urge to point out  the parent still fits a definition of hypocrisy .   Like most words, hypocrisy has more than one meaning. Of course we all know this, and it's why so many dictionary entries list multiple definitions for the same word. I'm sure we all can quickly Google a few thousand examples.   Hypocrisy is often used to mean something similar to this OED definition:   > The practice of claiming to have moral standards or beliefs to which one’s own behavior does not conform; pretense.   This definition obviously implies that hypocrisy is inherently immoral behavior, because that definition of hypocrisy describes a dishonest behavior. No one wants to be this guy.   But hypocrisy can also accurately be used to describe behavior fitting this Merriam-Webster definition:   > the behavior of people who do things that they tell other people not to do   This definition, less commonly seen but still in common usage, is the version the father fits. And the important thing to note here is that this doesn't mean anything. There's no inherent moral implication to a person telling someone not to do something that they themselves actually do.   Sometimes married people who aren't enjoying their relationship will tell single friends not to get married. Sometimes people who hate their jobs will tell people not to go into the same industry. Many NFL players have publicly stated they won't allow their children to play football.   The examples are endless, but none of those are examples of someone being immoral. That's just a person giving someone else advice, and that act happens to fit an innocuous definition of a word more commonly used in an pejorative manner.
0	It really depends on your kitchen/waiter. At my Applebee's there is like a 8 minute or whenever you bump the appetizers delay between when the apps appear for the kitchen and when the main course appears. It also depends on your meal- if your whole table gets chicken Caesar salads they'll probably be out 2 minutes after your appetizers go unless your waiter is in the kitchen and makes sure no one runs the salads early.
1	Why do you have this crazy idea that being unpleasant, tomboyish and "rudely honest" means that you're the "good kind" of "girl gamer"? You're just unpleasant to talk to, your attitude is disgusting, and the way you ride your high horse around the league scene is just disturbing. There are high-elo streamers who are actually better than you at this game but they are much more humble, friendly, and generally they are easily approachable and people can relate to them; people can ask them for advice or questions, they never put themselves above the other players of league. Even if those streamers have fans who disagree with them, there is no real hate, everyone walks away and they forget about it.   Reading through all your stuff in recent light, I just feel like you have lost your positive reputation (if you had any to begin with) and now you're trying to win it back by posting in a balls-out perspective. It's like you are trying too hard to be seen as the anti-stereotype girl league player. Somehow you think you are setting a leading example of how girl league players should be, but I hope no one ever follows your behaviour.   I was one of the few people to have been on the first few pages of your official streaming thread on the league forums, I wanted to watch your stream to learn from your supportive plays, because I had wanted to become a main support. A few months after the thread was posted, I stumbled across it again and saw it online. It was the first time I would have been able to watch your stream live as I live in a 10-hour difference timezone. But I just couldn't stand it. Even I could see that sometimes you made a mistake such as going neck-deep into the enemy jungle to ward when they were all MIA and suspected to be at their red (as they were getting ready to take baron). You ran up to the wraith camp to place a ward and got super-pwned by all 5 of their team; someone in chat said "come on", you insta-spammed back with "DO YOU WANT TO DO BARON WITHOUT A WARD YOU FUCKTARD DONT BLAME ME FOR DYING FOR DOING MY JOB MAYBE YOU SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A WARD AND PLACED IT INSTEAD OR CAME WITH ME". The least you could have done is just said sorry to your team and move on with the game but you started raging the rest of the way because you were thinking too much of your ego, and didn't want to be seen as the player who made crazy game-throwing mistakes. You were way too distracted with trying to set an impression as a female gamer.   Overall I think you are too defensive over what people say and generally it's hard to think that you are a good person when you consistently lash back because you are waaaay too worried about your reputation as a female player. If you were just a male, these comments about you -- you would just take them as feedback, but instead you have this crazy obsession with preventing people from tarnishing your reputation that you've become one of the least-liked streamers of league.. The fact that you are a girl shouldn't even matter and quite honestly I am tired of hearing "female" "girl" in every one of your posts. inb4 you attach a facebook link to your profile with a generic photograph that contradicts your argument completely.
1	I have never been chat restricted and never been banned.
1	Okay, here's my two cents.   In 90% of cases, fans and players get too sensitive because they've grown up behind a PC, are still quite young, haven't been out constantly in the open world and don't know the process of having a full-on proper discussion (not an argument or rant) because they haven't had many of these confrontational or 'strong discussion' experiences in the real world, and they think there is no consequences for their words be it emotional or response keyboard warrior'ing.   You may not like that fact, but it's god-damn true. I used to be one of those players when I was a young kid who got super aggressive and thought I was the boss, saying what I like at my computer.   Now a bit older, and doing rather well in the open and real world, I deal with a lot of confrontational situations in my job and through my career, and if someone disagrees or makes a rather negative comment, it is dealt with MASSIVELY different to then it was.
1	Usually plats and diamonds know whats going on, and if they pan the camera over you on the map and watch you while they're dead they can usually pick up on something you've done wrong.   When they pick up on this they can either correct the player by being nice or outright flaming, so thats why you hear about people thinking they're so good and flaming eachother.   It's not that they're all bastards it's the fact they can pick up on others mistakes really well.   I haven't really touched on why it's elo hell so gimme a sec.   For all the people (and to save you time):
1	I'm not sure I see how this is a problem, if they are matched with people with similar MMR to them. Sure, it makes a farce of the 'League' system - but if you wanted a system to represent player skill to such a degree, why not stick with the old ELO system?
1	I consider math to be a tool that helps us understand situations well. My math may have been very off, as you previously stated. No matter how far off my math was, it doesn't change my point. You said in your OP (I just re-read it) that you shouldn't be hitting minions if you're OOM. I said that there are situations that you SHOULD be hitting minions if you're OOM (this was a premise I put forth in my argument since my first post), and in some circumstances it is in fact a very good idea.   My "maths" aren't the issue here, by any means. I was simply attempting to demonstrate that the mana gained is significant, and I made a bad estimate that was nonetheless close enough to the truth for the purpose of the argument I was making.
1	I wouldn't have raged at you for playing lanewick, but I would be very unforgiving of mistakes.  I don't mind people trying unorthodox builds/playstyles as long as they play smart.  The trouble is a lot of people who try "different" builds and then fail completely at them try to pass it off as don't rage at me because I'm trying something new, when really it was them playing dumb that got them into the position they were in.
1	ALSO FUCK KASSADIN   The unkillable, unlimited flashes are ridiculous for soloq just get rid of the champion. Do what they did in Dota and atleast ban him from ranked, like Drow ranger. He has an easy laning phase with shield and deals insane amounts of damage and can then run away.   The champions isnt fun to play against. My last game I was carrying hard and he is an unkillable one shot machine.
0	Sorry to disagree but that just isn't true. If you like sex as much as she/he does and/or are willing to experiment or whatever, then it can be positive. Unfortunately, if your partner shares interesting experiences with lots of people in lots of places and you simply know you aren't in the same place I would imagine it can feel very negative regardless of how confident and secure you are in general. It sucks when you realize you aren't with the right person for whatever reason.
0	Guilty of this in Mass Effect 2, namely saving the fully-upgraded heavy weapon (some big hulking nuclear missile launching doodad) all the way until the end of the game. I kept telling myself "I'm going to wind up in a situation where I'm going to need this."   Well, lo and behold, the last boss comes up and I think "This is a situation befitting of that doodad." One shot proceeds to take a big chunk of the boss's health away, kills his minions, and promptly kills me and my entire time.
1	Not a noob question, I don't exactly know how to explain this, but they're gonna (eventually) move Dota 2 to the new Engine (graphics don't get modified, but stuff like loading time and lag(?) is lessened).   They want the modders/mappers to have Source 2 as well, so that they're not limited to the old one I guess, or because Gamecon is coming in a week and Valve wants to hype people up for that.   You can already (sorta) play Dota 2 in 64x in Source 2 (though not recommended right now)   They're able to run Dota 2 in both engines, because they're not so far apart.
1	Okay that first sentence had literally nothing to add to this conversation and was completly unnecessary. Can you imagine not everyone is a native english speaker? Lets have that conversation in my language and then im gonna grammarnazi you, shall we? Or even better, how about you SAY whats so goddamn wrong, because, you know, some people might actually learn from it. But nah, that would kinda diminish the denunciation hidden in that sentence, cant have that right? Also, how am i talking in a fanboyish manner? All im saying is that there is no point in ASSUMING he might have a championpool issue based on past STREAMS, not even competitive games, when there are much bigger problems with his team atm? He has always been able to play the meta supports to some degree. I dont get why people always focus on the individual players instead of looking at their problems as a team. Same happens with wickd, for example after his last game. Yes he fed. Yes he should have warded to avoid that first gank. But they spend SOOOOOO many resources on killing him and still got the first drake. EL spends ZERO resources on his toplane, and when he pulls 4 people top they dont do anything either for whatever reason. So yes, he could have placed that ward, but it probably wouldnt have won them the game either, while getting objectives for UOL commiting so hard to shutting him down might have. Yet he gets shit on by everyone for EL completly neglecting their toplane. The guy is rank4 challenger. Its not like he just cant play the game.   I dont agree on map play being picked up by instinct. That may be true in soloq, but almost certainly not so much in competitive. Map play is not all about instincts but about thinking, especially in the early game (hello laneswaps!). Later on its about singling out winconditions and trying to enforce key objectives while avoiding to get outplayed by the enemy team. Yes, gut feeling plays into that to some degree, but its certainly not "turn brain off and let my instincts guide me, summoners". Its about vision control, objective pressure, sidewave control, knowing your teams and the enemy teams powerspikes and strengths/weaknesses, and then to some degree also mindgaming your opponent. These things dont just happen because they felt like it, atleast not at a competitive level. As for if this will affect (noticed, i just grammarnazi'd you! jk) his ability to practice champions, we just flat out dont know if thats the case. Proper preparations for above mentioned are time consuming and we dont know how much of it is done by him and how much by nyph or the other members of the team. You also dont even know if he cant play these champs, youre assuming it based on past events. I wont consider his champion pool as a flaw until he proves that he cant pick up the likes of janna or nami, and so far we dont have been given enough information. The guy has been there for 2-3 weeks after not playing competitively for awhile, give him some time before judging. Its not like he had a crazy amount of games so far to pick all of these champs.   As for him having better shotcalling instinct than most players, we dont know if thats the case either, especially since he never considered himself as a shotcaller before. He is great on analysing what happened in a game AFTER it happened, but that doesnt necessarily translate to ingame shotcalling. I doubt he considers his shotcalling to be good enough already, and IMO him improving that will benefit EL way more than him picking up another champ, also the room for improvement is waaaaay bigger on the shotcalling part.
0	Well, anyone should have the right to say any word. Nigger is just an example of that.   White people have done a lot of bad things, it's a fact. My issue is that the freedom people take in accusing white people or making jokes about white groups like the Irish or Italians is that they're the first ones to call you sexist/racist/homophobic when you make a joke about any group. The only way to celebrate diversity, it seems, is to not acknowledge any faults or funny stereotypes and only celebrate our differences positively, unless it pertains to whites.   I think my biggest problem is that I've dismissed true homophobes and racists as being complete morons that I'd rather identify with those who also want to move past it, but I feel like I'm being stifled and dismissed as narrow-minded simply for having a naughty thought or making a joke.   Two examples of White Stereotypes that no one does (or should) care about.   St. Patrick's Day = Drunk Irish   While the mob is a negative stereotype, there is a chain called Godfather Pizza. As an Italian Canadian I couldn't give a shit less, and just hope that sort of light-hearted take on race/culture can continue with an underlying true respect for eachother as human beings.
1	This,  i got chat banned for 5 games (not that bad) ONLY because i had a couple of toxic aram games 6 i repeat  6 MONTHS ago, the tribunal is a joke.  and tbh it wasnt even that toxic, the worst one was when me and a friend were playing akali and syndra and we made it our goal to kill the enemy teemo as much as possible and we kept saying in all chat stuff like: rekt,  WORTH got teemo  and so on.
0	Well of course as a male i'm still mostly in the dark about female workings, but (bear in mind i'm talking about the four girls who cheated on me so am only talking of MY experiences) i've come to the conclusion that number 3 happens because those girls weren't 'sluts' so actually were decent girls, but developed a second interest. As cowardly it was to be dishonest etc, they subconsciously weren't capable of playing 2 people at once, so when the outside interest came along, they shut off to me and opened up to them. So in the end you almost get 'friendzoned' whilst in the facade of the relationship. Again subconsciously they feel bad for letting you see them naked because deep down they feel like the new interest wouldn't appreciate that; illogical as they are, they forget the fact they they committed to a relationship and shouldn't even be doing that, but as i said twice, the key word is subconscious. Sorry if that doesn't make sense..
1	I don't know if my math is absolutely correct, but I if you assume that everyone has all the champions, I believe that the chances of you not getting one of the 10 champions you consider OP on ARAM on one of the teams is close to 25%.  That's a 75% chance that you're going to face one even if everyone had all the champions.  You probably have a much higher percentage given that most champions aren't owned and ARAM OP champs are probably bought at a much higher rate (even if just for SR).
1	One thing you should learn about low elo is that team comp doesn't matter for anything. Ive won games with 5 ap because we all build smart ie abyssals and void staff as well focusing the same targets. So really winning comes down to playing smart; ie not diving and dieing, building correctly and farming; playing better than your opponents and lastly a bit of luck in some cases. Also one thing to remember is that you will lose games that you could do nothing about, it happens. The trick is to move onto the next game and try and play as good as you can and win the 50/50 games. Also winning and losing streaks happen; ive been from 1500 to 1200 back to 1450 all in the space of <100 games this season.
1	But why isn't it. Its the tool that everyone who plays league has to use in order to play a game and use the shop. This automatically gives it a high priority because if that is buggy then the game becomes harder to play. (Some people would say the shop bugs would also earn Riot less money, but I believe Riot truly does have the players in their mind rather then solely money.)   Now if it was a couple little bugs they could probably let it slide, however its massive bugs and an old outdated client. I can't even click links in the client without it coming up with a blank notepad doc (rip new match history for me) and I repaired the client just to try and fix that. This needs to be their highest priority. Especially now that the SR VU is in place.
1	You wont get banned for this. If you do, you will get unbanned after you send a ticket. Well, thats assuming you didnt break summoners code in any other way.   As for me, i warn people when i want to try something unusual, then pick it and mute those who start bitching about it. Although i make sure i dont pick adc top when team already has 4 squishies and stuff like that.   I cant stress enough how good is mute function for those who start bithcing about someone elses pick.   edit1:
0	Class is a formality to give lacklustre academics a reason to keep their jobs. The majority of my classes involved a Professor (though often simply an instructor) who would provide a summary of the readings that were issued. The point being, I payed tuition to get a degree that I effectively just studied for on my own then went and wrote tests. Not going to class is a waste unless youre wasting more time simply sitting in a room listening to some windbag with an inflated ego because they recently were credited on a journal article with a 6 person distrubution list...oh and a minimum of 45 sales of their $400 textbook per semester as it is required reading in their class. The whole damn system is out of order, especially if I could hold down a 4.0 without class time. Thank god for the private sector hooking a brother up...and then casting me out on the street with only half of a double major.
1	Can you
1	I got Arctic Ops Kennen on release. I own Astronaut Teemo legendary, and if it's not Rocketeer Tristana then it's not worth it.
1	This exact same post came up at the end of season 3 and got over 3000 comments:   **[Dec 2013](   So, what has happened since December, 2013? Here's an adc-specific cliffnotes of each  patch :   3.9= Corki (+)   4.1= Jinx (-) (E damage reduced at early levels)   4.2= Ashe (+) (Hawkshot "buff")   4.3= Corki (+)   4.4= Ezreal (+) Kog'maw (+) (increased dmg for AD Kog, nerfed AP ratios, however) Sivir (-) (Q nerf) Tristana (+)   4.5= Graves (+) Miss Fortune (+)   4.6= none  Twitch VU, significant [increase]( in Twitch play persisting still   4.7= Miss Fortune (+/-) (increased AP ratios, not very impactful as ADC)   PBE currently= Tristana (+)   2x:Nerfs, 10x:Buffs   So are there any "I'm so glad they are tweaking other ADC's every few weeks and making them more viable" posts? no (well, I found  one   I don't believe the "buff other ADC's" is a viable argument. To say that Twitch/Lucian are disproportionately awesome, but shouldn't be touched is obviously silly. Each ADC can't win 50+% of their games, it's just not reasonable. Options exist outside of Twitch and Lucian - use them.   The bottom line for me on this issue is: (
0	As a Torontonian, I think it's fair to admit montreal is actually pretty awesome. It is absolutely better then Ottawa, and from Tofino to newfoundland I'd be hard pressed to come up with a city that is definitively better then there.   In some parts of Quebec most people don't actually speak much english and it would be pretty ridiculous to expect them to reply to you in english. In Montreal lots, but not all are bilingual. My french is not perfect but reasonable enough that I can talk to people in other parts of quebec with little difficulty. When I go to montreal and people hear me speak french they almost always immediately switch to english and it's a bit of a battle for me to be able to practice speaking french there.
1	You know what i come to this subbreddit and see so much positivity and when i play a fucking game. IT ALL GOES AWAY. YOU CANT HAVE A GOOD COMMUNITY WHEN A GAME IS FREE. I try so fucking hard to be positive and it doesn't help at all. Team is fucking retarded then starts blame game. I join in on the scapegoating because I can't handle the bullshit. One month down the line i get an email from riot saying to calm down. They don't ban people who contribute money as much as the scum they ban that don't provide any monetary value because they are fucking 13 year old ragers.
0	So, the Maple Leafs are a hockey team from Toronto. A very storied and history rich hockey team that has had a lot issues in the past couple decades (management, bad player deals, etc.) You basically have to really hate yourself to be a Leafs fan at this point, especially after the events that unfolded the post season this year...   Now Vancouver has their own hockey team: the Canucks. An expansion team without the history that the Leafs have, but with good management they've been a competitive force in the Western Conference. They, however, cannot seal the deal in the post season and have yet to win a Stanley Cup in their entire club history.
0	God. All the redditors complaining about "improper" use of memes and whatnot. You're more annoying than any facebook simpleton could ever be. The worst part about it, is that it is most likely someone on your friends list who is the offender. I guess you keep 'em around so you have someone to belittle behind their backs, with all your superior redditor friends in your cool meme club.
1	That's pretty much the reason I watch his stream, although when he does get excited from time to time I get a kick out of it.  I can't stand watching streamers like Ocelot, OddOne, or Aphro because they're just too loud theatrical for my taste and I don't find them all that entertaining tbh.  If you listen to them in scrims or anything they're just as level-headed as anyone else taking the game seriously and it makes their soloQ streams seem too staged to appeal to viewers (not that that's a bad thing).  I guess it comes down to personal opinion.   Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to find an umbrella for the inevitable downpour of downvotes.
0	If you're following the very rudimentary supply/demand curve shown above, the minimum wage is effectively a government induced price floor for labor.  This causes the quantity demanded of labor to decrease (employers employ less due to higher cost of labor) while people looking for jobs will increase (more people are willing to enter the job market to work for a higher level of wage).  The gap between the two is essentially unemployment (defined as people who want to work but are unable to).   This simplistic model doesn't take into account the possibility that equilibrium is above the minimum wage, like for most jobs that are above mindless manual labor, as a percentage of total labor force.  It also assumes, incorrectly, that the market is perfectly competitive.  Meaning that all producers and consumers have access to the same information and that all output is equivalent.  So if a boss doesn't give you a raise because you work your ass off and you don't complain about it, he will still pay you at a lower rate even though he believes your work to be of greater value. (EDIT: This is an example of the market not having perfect information.)
1	to everyone saying 'no', i dont think they have experience playing it correctly.  I love watching Voyboy play Kat top.  Now, dont expect to be as successful as he is, but you should try it.  Go 9/21/0, build tanky and post lvl 6 always carry a ward so you can escape jungle camp sessions.   My biggest issue is that while she is viable top, she's not great, and she's not better at it than when she goes mid.
0	I was really mad about being lied to about Santa.  But I also had trust issues about a lot of things as a kid.  So I chose to never say anything definitive about his being real or not.  I never said Santa brought them presents, but they absorbed it from movies, friends, school, etc.  I just let them believe it, but not reinforcing it, if they chose to.  When they asked me about it around 4 or 5, I told them the truth.  It was very important that they didn't tell anyone at school though.  I didn't want them to ruin it.
0	several of the celebrities were underage and people refused to remove those images from the submissions.   This is not true. The mods of /r/fappening made a post explaining the ban on those images and then removed them all.   Also, no celebrity has actually admitted to being underage in the pics because that would make them producers of child porn, i.e., self offenders.   Reddit is  all about public opinion . Reddit is "too male"? Force /r/TwoX into the defaults even though no one likes it. A particular non-politically correct subreddit gets criticized by Anderson Cooper or some other media figure? Bring out the ban hammer while leaving similar subs alone.
1	Again, every champion in this game has counters.   There is your solution pick fizz enjoy cassiopeia free lane. If Fizz is banned, pick ahri or whatever else works against her really. You not knowing to exploit her weaknesses doesn't make her broken. > There are MANY champions that were frustrating/or frustrating to play against without being OP or popular. which again is why you won't hear much bitching about them.   I beg to differ. Poppy is one of such cases, Fiora another, Warwick another, Teemo another, and I am pretty sure there are others around that are pretty unpopular, toxic as shit and I hear frequently complaints about them, either from friends, reddit threads or in-game chat.   Also what defines a toxic gameplay element is lack of counterplay, NOT BEING ANNOYING, such as old Nidalee permanent spear chugging, Fiora's ult and similar shit that you simply can't fight back against. As far as I am concerned none of old Cassiopeia's kit fits that description honestly.   > You're clearly behind 20 fucking patches. You know what else is weak to these champions you mentioned? Kog'maw and Twitch. You know who are the two strongest ADC's in the game right now? Kog'maw and Twitch.   You know what else isn't being picked that much recently? Bruisers. I have not seen much Irelia lately (save for that one game from SHRC), Jax or such. Maokai is not a bruiser, Kha'zix is not a bruiser, even if you build him as such, his kit does not fit that definition, Lee Sin is indeed a bruiser, but hasn't seen much play considering the stacking of bans upon him, and I didn't account him because he is mostly a Jungler and since you decided take them into a different account; only Bruiser I can think of, that it popular right now, is Nidalee. Also Twitch and Kog only? So far from what I have seen both Tristana and Lucian are way more popular than the former two adc's. You wanna know why? Due to both Trist and Lucian having safety. What makes Tristana such a huge pick is her fucking scaling potential and safety. Lucian? Jack of all trades, with good early-mid game, decent late game, waveclear, poke etc etc etc, all that crap Lucian has and can do; definitely Kog'Maw or Twitch are getting a relevant amount of play (yes we have seen them getting play, but as much emphasis as Luc and Trist). Also you know who fucks Cassiopeia pretty hard? Kog'Maw and Tristana (Twitch too but it is situational), which according to you (rightly so) have a lot of popularity right now. So back to my first point: Was there any realistic problem with Cassiopeia's previous possible interactions? Seriously doubt so; the rework was not that much of a rework, it was more of a number tweaking/power shift than anything else.
1	100 armor/mr halves incoming damage for their respective types, 300 reduces incoming damage by 75%. The formula is as follows:  damage multiplier = 100 / (100 + mr/armor)   I religiously buy a Chain vest and/or a Negatron cloak after my first core item on every champion, depending on the enemy team composition. Getting your Armor/MR up to a good 100-140 (the extra 40 mitigates any flat penetration the opponent has) has a  huge  impact on the damage you take. I always have flat armor seals and mr/lvl glyphs, so those numbers are easily reached with just the tier 1 items, which are cheap and up your survivability by an insane amount.   That being said, never stack the defensive stats above 200, not even as a tank. 200 is enough to still have 100 def after some flat and % penetration. Tanks building only pure resist items make me cringe (Like a Rammus with thornmail, FH, FoN, mercs and GA). Once you have 100+ defensive stats you should start building hybrid HP/defense items like Randuins, Banshee's, Sunfire, etc.  high defensive stats are useless without the HP to back it up, but it never hurts getting at least 100 armor/mr
0	Years ago in Ontario California someone was trying to do this on the left shoulder. I blocked them so they couldn't pass me. They started yelling and brandished a pistol at me. I let them pass and got to the right side of the road rather quickly and was able to exit the freeway and thought I had lost them. Here I am on a side road at a red light when all of a sudden my passenger window gets blown out from a beer bottle that they threw at me when they found me. Funny enough I was 3 blocks from a police station. I called 911 while still on the freeway to make the report of the driver, passenger and their gun. I gave them the license plate number and was still on the phone when they threw the bottle. They sped away on another street and I went to the police station. A month had passed and I contacted the police about the incident and they said the license plate was not registered to that vehicle and they were never caught.
0	You need to ask yourself, who's the real bitch here? You're probably extremely selfish and don't realize that it's actually you. Imagine what's going to happen once she finds out, (if she ever does that is), she'll probably hate you forever and you'll lose her trust with the probability in favor of never getting it back.   Also if you think about it, that man only thinks your sister is worth 75$ a month, wouldn't that piss you off? I definitely don't know enough about the situation in order to judge you off of it... but to me, you're a terrible person.
0	Try giving them an ultimatum.   Basically my deal with my 4yo niece is "stop immediately or we leave immediately." I ask her if she wants to leave instead of getting whatever it is she's losing her mind about, and if she says no, I tell her she has to settle down immediately. We take a deep breath together (mostly just to get her to stop freaking out for a second) and then I tell her that her behavior has cost her a privilege (usually the privilege to pick out a thing, essentially saying 'you don't get to leave and you don't get to have what you want').   If she says she wants to go, we go. Everything we picked out gets returned, she puts back what it was she wanted, we apologize to the closest sales associate, and we go home. When we get home, I tell her that her behavior has cost her a privilege (favorite TV show, certain toys, certain games, etc.) and that she lost the privilege because of hour she behaved in the store.   She doesn't act up in the store when she's with me. She knows if she does there will be a choice to make (and ultimately that's the point of a tantrum - to try to have semblance of control over something [parent, environment, etc.]) and she's learned from experience that it's basically a Catch-22 because she's not going to like either outcome despite picking the more desirable option.
0	Had a situation like this in college. There was a family emergency, and I had to drop everything and go back home. I had left my alarm on and that thing was cranked to 11 to wake my heavy sleeping ass up. This all happened during finals week too, so I'm sure my neighbor was pissed. I would've felt bad if the guy above me didn't blast hella dubstep 24/7 and never listened when I complained.
0	Eh, I wouldn't call it hate, honestly, more of a dislike, in general. I've been around some, once they've shaped up, stopped shitting their pants, developed an actual personality, once they're around 7 or so, at least, that were fine to be around when I had to. But there's just so much about their inherent nature that I don't like. I know it's just how they are, but I still don't like it. Plus, you have the ones with shit parents who just run rampant and do whatever they fuck they please, those are a big part of it.   So yes, it's a generalised thing, and I'm sure on the off chance I woke up out of a coma with a parasite sucking on my tits and oxytocin rushing through my system that I'd love it, and I'd be a decent parent to it...I just don't want to have to. That's a big part of it I think. People act like you have to, or just don't realise that as a matter of fact, you don't have to.   Plus the thought of being pregnant disgusts me. Like deep down jibblies disgust. If artificial womb technologies existed, and I don't mean surrogates, because I don't want to see other pregnant bodies either, that'd be a huge, but not deciding, obstacle out of the way for me personally.
1	I want to give a different perspective on this. I would put the Diamond player at jungle.  The reason is two-fold: the jungler has the most influence on the game at low levels and can force the weaker players to win their lane just simply due to strong ganks.  They will also know when to initiate in team fights to take advantage of poor positioning on the part of the enemy team.   I would send the platinum player to ADC.  ADC is the hardest carry when fed and late game (barring some odd champions like Nasus or Poppy).  The platinum player is more likely to have strong positioning and the ability to avoid abilities with flash and fast qss/cleanse.   Gold I would send mid if only because the lane is short and sometimes hard to gank.   Silver player would be support.  This is because the ADC will need someone at least familiar with support who can use moves properly.   That leaves top as bronze.  I think this is optimal simply because you have another bruiser (jungle) to pick up the slack if the bronze player gets crushed.  The lane being longer will actually help the team because the bronze player will probably lose lane anyway but with the longer lane, the jungler has an easier time keeping the enemy top laner in check.
0	Somewhat opposite story: My brother, his then-girlfriend, and I were visiting my mom. She had been dating a big guy for a year or so [security guard at the casino she worked at]. Well, all of the sudden, while we are in the living room, we hear them get into a shouting match. We just kind of dismiss it as another one of my mom's crazy episodes over something stupid.   Next thing I know, I'm passing my mom's boyfriend in the hallway, he tries not to really make eye contact, but while passing I realize his right eye is swollen shut. Like, I'm talking some E.T.-level swelling around the eye, all purple, literally jetting from his face.   So I ask my mom as calmly as my teenage self could, "What the fuck happened??" She was drunk [as was the norm for her around 2pm when it happened] and started slurring about how "He's a masochist! He did it to himself!" [keep in mind, this had never been an excuse before, as it had never happened before in front of me. My mother had no wounds, bruises, bumps, nothing]   As the outspoken rabble-rouser I was, I argue wasn't with her about it, calling her BS. After a 5 minutes argument involving me calling out her bullshit, and her denying, she finally breaks.   I finally said to her "You and I both know that he didn't punch himself in the face like that". I'll never forget the smug smile she had on her face as she said "We'll let the police decide that".   Long story short, cops came, her boyfriend was forced to leave the house [she went in hysterics when she came], and ultimately, to this day, she wonders why she doesn't have custody of any of her children.
1	I'm shocked that less than 1% of players are chatbanned   That's because they continually compare different demographics. The average player says almost nothing in a normal game, at a bronze / silver level where over 60% of the playerbase is.   The toxicity level in the demographic that primarily plays ranked is crazily higher. Then the higher elo you go, gold, plat etc the worse it gets.
1	Look at your death recaps. Check to see how much of the damage was from magic, and how much from physical, and build resists appropriately. You've got the right percentages when one of two things happen: (1) you stop dying, or (2) when you die it's 50/50. That said, I like to start with cloth armor and hp pots. Most of the damage dealt in the first few levels is from autoattacks, which cloth helps to mitigate. The next item depends on who I'm laning against, but is subject to change based on overall enemy team comp. If I die to an autoattacker/AD carry but he's the only one on his team, I'm not going to build a Thornmail.   Tank builds are the most flexible, I think. You have to build to counter, so it's difficult to say "here's a build that always works; go forth and pwn" because that would be a blatant lie. However, I'll tell you my typical build and the reasoning behind it. I start with cloth, get a philo stone and a hog on first or second trip back, boots1, negatron or null magic mantle (negatron to build into FoN if the enemy team is caster heavy, or null magic to build into mercs if they have CC), giant's belt, finish FoN, finish boots, buy glacial shroud, build giant's belt into warmog's, build glacial shroud into frozen heart, build either banshee's or sunfire depending on enemy team comp, and finish with an atma's. FoN is highest MR, and FH is second highest armor, so by the time you've got those three items, you should be pretty unkillable.   Remember that you're building in response to enemy builds. If there are champions who can build either AP or AD, look at their builds before committing to a particular set of items. Don't be caught off guard if you see an AD Teemo when you expected AP. Again, always look at your death recaps. They're extremely helpful.   Be flexible with your builds. I've built both Thornmail and FH in a single game because the enemy team was dumb enough to have pretty much only AD. 300 armor, 4k hp, and 75 MR is better than 190 of each resist against all AD comps, and vice versa for AP comps. It's unlikely that you'll see such AD/AP heavy teams, though, so usually you should have an approximately equal amount of each resist.   Also, know what type of damage each champion does, and how much damage they do. If I see a tank, a support, two melee autoattackers, and a nuker, I'm going to prioritize MR. I can disregard the tank and support, because they're not major damage dealers (not that they should be completely neglected, but they type of damage they do is less relevant because they deal less damage), and the autoattackers are melee, so they also focus on survivability early game, so I know that the main source of damage early game (probably balancing out later in the game) will be AP. So in that case, don't rush a sunfire/thornmail.
0	Some of these responses are kind of rough, but it does seem like there's a lesson in all of this.   reddit is an internet community comprised of over 67 million unique visitors a month. [^Source](   This runs contradictory to the perception many redditors have in that this is a small, loving, and intellectual community.   67 million people will not all be like the kind of people you think exist on this place. In fact, the karma system may mislead you into believing in this perception since we generally downvote the bad eggs which hides them from scrutiny.   Conversely, one bad redditor and the experience you had shouldn't stigmatize you from the belief that redditors are nice.   reddit is comprised over over 250,000 subreddits [^Source]( While I can't speak to the credibility of most of these, there are some small subreddits in there that do have the intelligent, kind and open-minded people that you should surround yourself and engage with.
1	Tbh I can't afford those (wow, dude, I'm still completing MS quints for some weird reason) but still, I find them to be bad. Why? Transition. MS is always good. HP is always good. Spellvamp makes your first clear bit more sustained, but after that it's role has ended.
1	I run two most of the time because it allows me to both sustain in lane when I'm playing passive and trade well, especially if you are just poking.  I about to give a really bad example.  Lets say two champs with equal stats fight each other.  Both have 400 hp and 15 armor.  (I never said it was a good example)  One has 3 ls quints (ADC 1), the other has 2 ls 1 ad (ADC 2).  Both of them trade one auto.  ADC 1 will take 37.25 and heal back 2.1 from his auto to have a total of 364.85 Hp.  ADC 2 will take 35 damage from the auto and heal back 1.49 for a total of 366.49 Hp. Obviously, a situation where a situation where this will occur is rare, there are abilities and attack speed to take into account.  Like if you play Trist and max q first, you can go the 3 life steal quints and sustain the whole trade.  Or maybe your style or preferred build has you buying almost no life steal then its better to rely on the 6% over the 4% late game.
1	Not sure if this is a known fact, but you can have the best of both worlds by activating range indicators, which will show cast indicators if you hold the cast key. The cast can then be canceled by right clicking if you need to.
0	So it's the middle of the night in the outskirts of Boston.  My friend and I drive past this girl walking alone down a side street in a pretty secluded area.  We're both in our mid-twenties at the time, and we're in an old beat up van that I purchased for $500.  All of a sudden a few minutes later we start hearing a wolf howling... then it runs past the van going in the opposite direction towards the girl.  We decide to turn around and go back, warn the girl, and offer her a ride.  We tell the girl we just saw the wolf, she says she heard it too, but that she'll be fine walking.
0	The way I see /u/balloothecat saying this is if the guy isn't creepy and she's single she's giving him a chance. She doesn't know the guy. He could be a really awesome guy, who she has a lot in common with and it could lead to future dates.   The way I see it, its better than getting rejected because you aren't a perfect 10 (I know I'm not ugly, but I'm not a 10). When find a girl I like, a lot of it is personality. Don't get me wrong, looks always play a factor. Anyone who disagrees is lying. I don't know a single person that would date someone that found someone absolutely repulsive. The girl I currently like, yes she was cute and I noticed that, but when I first met her, she was going out of her way to help others, that was my first impression of her, that's what I find most attractive, and that's the impression that lasted with me.
0	We are supposed to have freedom of speech in this country. While it is not against the law for companies to fire someone based on their opinions, it still violates the spirit of the first amendment when someone is coerced rather than persuaded away from an opinion.   I do not believe people should be fired for their opinions unless they express themselves in a way that would make a reasonable person think they intend to carry out violence. But here, the opinion isn't the issue, but the aggression. The OP would have been right at home in Germany before the wall came down, or before the swastikas were torn down.
1	If you or your team plans on doing any invading you need to have your w as Annie to prep your stun in case of any level 1 team fights.   Also stunning your junglers buff can minimize damage taken to your jungler, therefore increasing his clear effectiveness.   Moreover, you should be focusing on using your AA as Annie level one and using W when in the appropriate range, by taking your Q first not only can you not get stun (as easily) but you also burn a lot of mana trying to spam harass with your Q.
1	Know this feeling all too well. Yesterday afternoon I had a game going that didn't start off too well but wasn't that bad either down 2 turrets and a kill score of 4-8 or so which wasn't impossible to come back from. So our jungler decided to do nothing but sit in lanes because and I quote he was "board" so he feeds a few kills still nothing too much to sweat since I on Vayne was getting ahead of the enemy adc and our Katarina in mid was snowballing pretty heavily on her own. So the game goes about 10 more minutes and again our jungler states he is "board" but this time said "we fight now or I afk" well before we could even group he tower dives mid and quits the game. The real bothersome thing about all of this was is our team was winning fights in the last 20 minutes or so of the game usually going 3 for an ace as 4v5 but the last one standing usually was Katarina and she couldn't push that well. Eventually our slow pushes got balanced out by the enemy team catching up to end game builds and winning a final fight to win the game.
0	Dude, I may know what I'm talking about. I work for an animal welfare league.   That's called argument from authority. It's a logical fallacy, and it has nothing to do with whether you're right or not. All it shows is that you don't know how to construct an honest argument.   > Collar, id tag, microchip. All three on all pet cats at all times.   That's just a mantra.   > The reason our success rate at reuniting owners with their lost cats is so low is because so rarely do cat owners actually follow this advice.   Finally, we get to the semblance of an argument. Jesus.   Here, if you want to try to make the argument, this is how you'd do it. First, you do research to find the additional effectiveness of using a tag and chip over just a chip. Then, you look at the collars made for cats and do actual research showing how dangerous they are. (Hint: it isn't zero) Then you try to make the argument that the additional effectiveness of using a tag offsets the additional danger that using a collar presents.   However, even if you presented all of this data, it wouldn't validate your mantra. Because your mantra is about all cats. And all cats includes cats that live on the 30th floor of a highrise apartment building, which, if they escaped, would have essentially nowhere to go. So, a rational owner would have to balance the additional non-zero danger of a collar against the supremely tiny chance that their cat could escape.
0	true story: when I was 17 in high school myself and two friends decided to go to the mall since one of my friends needed to get something done. Anyway, we're at the mall and I decided to be nice to my other friend who was the driver so I bought him a McChicken. So anyway, after everything, we get in the car and he put his burger on the dashboard of the car. We start driving and we make a left turn on a busy intersection, as the car turns the inertia causes the McChicken to slide to the right, this startles/distracts my driving friend who then proceeds to crash into the car on the other lane. It was a pretty scary moment since we hit the guy pretty hard so he pulls over and waits for the car to come and probably flip out at us and/or get the information. we wait and wait and he never came. so we went to school and lived happily ever after.
0	Personally, video game soundtracks use too many loud sequences and the noise keeps me attentive but on the music. I have yet to find a "soothing" video game soundtrack. The only soundtrack I have found useful from video games is from Modern Warfare 2. If you want movie track songs, 9/10 would go towards Hans Zimmer. The Dark Knight Rises album, and Inception have songs that I have listened to 500+ times.
1	This is called pseudo-random distribution (or PRD) and is used for percentage chance effects in several games including dota 2.   You can read up on it [here]( but league does not use this system, meaning every autoattack rolls for a crit independently of previous attacks.
1	The biggest resource management when jungling is TIME. A jungler has to balance time on his jungle and realise the time the enemy jungler has spent. Understanding this concept is what has really helped me in the jungle. As for your examples, when the golems kill you, you have spent lots of time at the golems so to get back on track make sure you take time from ganking to keep farming to get back on track. When warwick steals your red buff, understand the time constraints on him, he can't do three buffs as fast as you do one buff, so it's possible to steal a buf from him. Some other tricks is when a jungler allocates time to ganking. When a jungler ganks, successful or not he has used up an amount of time that can't be replaced in the jungle, so you now have more time than him to jungle so you can feel free to take his buffs when you see him on the map or do dragon when you see him ganking top.   In regards to the difference between lane and jungling: when laning there is always a certain number of resources at X minute; however, in jungling there is a dynamic option when it goes to determining the number of resources. You could spend 25 minutes in the jungle, farming creeps - securing the easiest resource, or you can gank and attempt to secure harder and more rewarding resources. This is why when laners come out to jungle they make common mistakes of not recognizing when to gank and when not to gank. There are times when you CAN wait 30 seconds in the bush and times when you shouldn't even wait 5 seconds.   If you pay attention to how OddOne plays, he will spend minutes hovering around mid at times waiting for the perfect gank because he knows the game will snowball to victory if he gets the gank and the number of resources in the jungle isn't worth it to farm and miss that oportunity. However, sometimes when he's behind he won't even gank and just farm the jungle non-stop because it's an easier to secure resource.
1	Fnatic could have won that, but they fucked themselves. Even though they did the deep ward for lane swaps well, they should not have lane swapped.   Lucian Morgana is a better lane than Kog'Maw Thresh early, and that's when you need to shut down a Kog'Maw. Fnatic gave Alliance a safe lane to get Kog'Maw through the laning phase and into the mid game. That's just dumb. Kog'Maw is a huge late game carry and out scales Lucian. Lucian is good against Kog'Maw in lane because he is an early game bully and can force Kog'Maw out of lane before level 6. Not only is Lucian better than Kog'Maw in lane, but Morgana is a direct counter to Thresh. A well timed Black Shield will completely nullify Thresh.   Not only was swapping the bot lane bad, but Jax needs a safe laning phase more than Shyvana. While Jax into Shyvana may not be the easiest match up, Jax should have been able to get more farm against Shyvana than against Kog'Maw Thresh. Shyvana has her E to farm with from a distance. She can't be denied cs as much as Jax. Not only is Shyvana safer in lane, but Shyvana needs less items to be effective. Jax becomes unstoppable after he gets BoRK and TriForce, but until then, he's a little weak. Shyvana on the other hand ramps up with every level and every item she gets. Shyvana effectively gets to a point where you just have to quote xPeke himself and say "Fuck that shit man, he's too tanky." So in this match up, if Jax can't scale at a similar rate to Shyvana, then Jax is useless.   I think this mistake shows that Fnatic really does need an analyst, or a whole team of them (Hell, I just graduated college and don't have a job and would gladly move to Europe to work for any pro team if given the chance).
0	Well scientific studies have shown that herpies can result in an increase in ambient body temperature....   Sounds like a new way to scope out whether or not your new date is a burner.   "Hey you look great tonight. Mind if I take your temperature real quick? Just need to make sure."
0	You are mixing the hypothetical and the real. I am making no claim about the capabilities of he human race. That is your own invention, and not something I wish to debate. The perfect knowledge I described is not agent specific. It could be a machine, or a wookie.   So you could find God there, as well, then.   >What? Because of the definition of god.   You know, I think this is something that actually needs to be hammered down a little bit.  "God" gets tossed around here a lot (by myself, too) and I don't think we're all actually talking about the same thing.  Mostly, it appears to be a mish-mash of various theistic beliefs about a creator figure.  So, what is the definition of God?  I know you mentioned it breifly before, but let's get it down on paper, and I'll post mine.   >Have you read Descarte or Kant or Hegel on this? You should. They did it.   I read all of them, like, seven years ago, but of course not to a hugely great depth - just the "big stuff" covered in 100 and 200 level courses.  Can you point me to something?   >Yeah, you need to learn what falsifiability is. I am making a presumption that we exhaust the search and don't find him. That is the point of contention: of course there is no issue if we do find him. The question is: are there conditions under which we can say definitively that there is no god? That is a very important question.   Ah, gotcha.   >You do not have the required skill set to analyze these concepts further. You claim that we should, "use" metaphysics, and then you say Kant bores you. Yes, I am sure Kant bores you when you read his wikipedia synopsis, or really, anything other than an in depth analysis and conversation, which usually means a university course.   Actually, I was bored by Kant and Hegel and the like while in college.  What's worse is I was forced to get through them - the discussions in class were always more interesting to me.  So I mean, your assertion that I was bored by Kant on Wiki is wrong - I find such philosophers most exciting when I don't have to read hundreds of pages to get to a concept which can be summarized in a small paper.   >Name a single concept from Kant without googling. Come on, man.   Hmmm... I know this.  I know a few... sadly, I can't recall... either way, so what?  The things I read from Kant didn't stick.  Get me the Dummies book, maybe I'll like it better.   >Bottom line is that the take away from Kant is that god is a metaphysical concept, and since we only have access to the physical world, the question of his existence in incoherent.   Sorry then, mate.  I agree with you on that.  It's the very unprovability of God that I am trying to highlight.  I'm trying to suggest he can't be proven - and that attempts to do so within our own paradigm fail.  Somewhere along the way (probably because I've been responding to 5 comments at once) I confused your position with one trying to prove that the existence of God should somehow be provable by us.   >
0	This will be buried for sure, but I see a lot of these stories are happening in pre-college school. A few things:   1) A lot of these kids are doing this bullying as a cry for help. Granted, it's not an excuse for anyone to beat the living shit out of someone else, but I think it's a little extreme when someone says, "I'm glad he's dead" when they had no chance to learn and grow up to be the good person that they could have been.   2) When you think about the person you are happy is dead, look at their family lives, because that is most likely where they are deriving their aggression from. So many kids I knew in my first 13 years of school (Kindergarten included, I'm not slow) who had severe behavioral issues had family problems and/or broken homes. So when you think about the kid who was bullying you, think about how they were probably being bullied at home at a much larger scale by people who should have been nurturing them. Given their lives, you have it good enough to be bullied by them and not someone who you have spent your entire lives learning from.   3) Maybe some of these kids are just downright evil, and maybe some are better off gone from our lives forever, but I'm willing to bet that the majority are just trying to figure it out just like we were, but didn't have the means to do it peacefully due to their situations outside of school.
0	In which case, after the fact, you would be the person asking her out right? Even in the case with grown ups you initiate the "do you want to go out for drinks sometime" plan.   Nope. Nobody asks like that , it would be weird and awkward. Normally it goes like this: two people notice each other, one initiates flirting, the other responds. They flirt, laugh, touch a bit, drink some, talk, flirt more etc, rinse-repeat until they end up banging. Afterwards, if they want, they make plans together to go somewhere and do something (in vast majority of cases, it is something they both enjoy, and it turned out naturally mid-conversation).
1	This all day long, i was on with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and such like against AI, we told everyone before hand he was new and he went Ashe, i took Pantheon and we said we were going top lane. Soon as we start two other guys went top and we got barrated with things like "little noobs go bottom" "GG guys lost already got a noob", now i'd like to state im level 15 now, and even though these guys claimed to be on Smurf accounts and were going to boss the game, they fed and the lane collapsed and they blamed it on us for being noobs even though our lane stayed strong and i ganked mid a couple of times to help out.
0	The same thing happened to me in 6th grade.  Our teacher would give is "tickets" for certain things, and I found a way to game the system and ended up with a fuckton of tickets.  I was going to McDonald's (Lunch at McD was a redeemable option) like a pimp.   Towards the end of the year we had this auction-like event where we could use our tickets to buy prizes.  This girl, Kelly, pretended to like me and I had a huge crush on her, so I bought this super nice bubble set for her with my tickets.   Then at recess, she gave the set to Stephen, this boy she liked, and they were playing with them.  I tried to join in because I wanted to be with her, and she told me I couldn't, which broke my little 6th grade heart.
0	Your point appears to be: Adventure Time uses complex themes to appeal to a wider range of audiences than My Little Pony.   I understand and agree with this.   My only problem is that you're using the phrase "subliminal messaging" like it can be interchanged with "foreshadowing" or "subtle hints".   Subliminal messaging is almost hypnosis.  It's an image or sound that we never realize we actually see, but still influences our brains.   Please realize I'm not trying to be a dick or call you dumb or anything, I just want to make the point that words and phrases should be used correctly, not for what you feel like.  Here's my point via your examples:   >there are lots of other subliminal messages, like hinting that Princess Bubblegum is a dictator   That's not subliminal.  See when you said "hinting". If it was subliminal there wouldn't be hints.  We see Princess Bubblegum having absolute power over the Candy Kingdom.  We see her create life, destroy it, play with the forces of nature, cut of limbs of tiny candy creatures and glue them on to other creatures for science, 'cuz she can.  These may be subtle, but they are conscious.  If the show had no visible sign of PB's dictatorial tendencies, but played a whisper underneath the normal audio track, barely within human hearing range that told you what a crazy dictator she was, and this whisper caused you to feel PB was a dictator,  without you realizing you ever heard it  it would be "subliminal messaging".   >that the world is pretty much completely destroyed (but is becoming more and more inhabitable)   Again, this is  overt .  Finn never says "Hey Jake look!  The world is completely destroyed", but it doesn't  hide  it from you.  It's in plain view.  You can see the world of Ooo, and you can see it's all gronked up, and you can see that life is returning to almost every aspect of this world.   If the show never showed us the world, only stayed inside Finn & Jake's house, then once every 100 frames they showed a single frame of the Ooo country side, and these single frames led us to the conclusion that the world is pretty much completely destroyed (but is becoming more and more inhabitable) then  THAT  would be subliminal messaging.   >that there are more humans than just Fin   No, this is explicitly said.  They call Finn the last human several times.  In order for this to be subliminal... I can't even think of a way that could be subliminal.  Subliminal messaging can, by definition, only exist when we  don't  see it.   All of your examples are great examples of foreshadowing and subtle hints.  They're terrible examples of subliminal messaging.
1	For your last question: I like to play champs that can split push like monsters. Zed, Shaco, Shen (If he's not banned -_-\"), Attack Speed Diana, and my personal favorite Sunfire Katarina.   This ensures that when your team derps and chases like idiots you can still pressure an objective alone. and get something out of it.   Taking TP and pushing a side lane while your team is getting sieged on mid will often times net you a turret and let you B before the enemies even realizes what just happened.
0	I understand babies, but I think there are some exceptions to toddlers. It depends how you raised them. My youngest sister watched horror movies from the time she was two. She never made a scene in movie theaters or misbehaved.   We always explained how they created the scenes before and she knew they were fake. By the time she was four and five, she could watch horror movies with no problem and she was a huge fan.   Compared to my other cousins, she never had nightmares. When our entire family rented a movie to watch on a weekend, she was the only young one to watch it.   She grew up watching all the Resident Evil movies and her favorite was Silent Hill (she loved the little girl apparently), which she watched constantly. The only thing we watched out for were sexual scenes.
1	why we should be pro gender bender? that immidiately brings down the quallity on skin ideas.. imagine that suddenly designers have an easy unoriginal solution for every hero.. HON has genderbender skins.Each time the weekly released skin was a genderbender,I was a bit dissapointed,due to lack of original,fresh content and theme. Yes it would be fun to see it for some heroes,but in the end you will get bored of it. Especially when the development of new themed skins would be hindered.
1	Nope, thats not exactly the reason why we like EU LCS. We like EU LCS because they  actually win  with the picks.  Can you really say EU is better as playing unorthodox picks when NA played Jayce support, lissandra support, Xin Zhao ADC, Annie support (before it was popular, obviously Xpecial along with the LPL were always interested in annie support way before it was popular), Zilean mid (arguable that Alex started this but still), Wukong Jungle, etc..
0	The grass is always greener.  I have a theory that the porn one watches has all the qualities that your partner does not (this usually holds true for men, not always women).  For instance, my ex is petite, b-cup, and smart as hell.  When I dated her, the porn I looked at was usually of thicker, huge tittied women (Lisa Ann types).  Now that we're broken up, the porn I look at is more along the lines of my ex's body type.
0	In an over the top comparison, I guess you have to rely on other people doing what they're doing to get by. It's how the whole road laws go, nothings forcing them to indicate, like there's nothing forcing them to stop at a zebra crossing or red light.   It's how the whole system is made so it works, the car follows the laws of the road and operates the vehicle to the standard they passed their test at (never happens to that standard though, hence this) and the people (are supposed to) work around them.
1	You are missing the point. There is indeed no mandatory meta, but there are somewhat more effective ways to win a game. A second champ bot besides the adc or marksman is ok, whether it is a traditional support or tryndamere, as long as they try their best to win, as you said. Now the problem occurs when they start taking cs from the adc. That isnt part of the meta, it's just the most effective way to babysit the adc until lategame. Again, this babysitting is necessary in any game that actually has an adc. Two bruisers bot is ok, as there is no weak adc needing cs. As to kills, same applies. The "second champ bot" as to not call him support, may only take kills when they are unreachable to the item hungry adc. Again, effective way of playing, no mandatory meta. I can understand why people would get mad when somebody else doesnt play effectively. Imagine getting in a cab that does twice the distance and time to get you to your destination. He isnt "playing" effectively, and you lose something because of that(money or lp).
1	You never said it explicitly, I'll give you that, but in that first post you described healer gameplay as "hindering their opposing team's" and phrased that sentence in a way that gave it what I felt to be a negative connotation.   I then said I was under the assumption that that was the point of support, to hinder the other team's gameplay, "to prevent the other team from playing how they want to," which often involves disruption, whether it be in the form of disrupting farming (harass), disrupting escapes/chases (movement modifiers), disrupting damage (healing, shields), etc. Summarily, there are ways to prevent the game from going exactly the way the other team wants it to, besides just healing, all of which fall under the umbrella of supporting your teammates. Ergo, supporting is not just healing (I'm just repeating myself here because I've always wanted to say "ergo").   You then disagreed with me, saying that "the point of [a] support is...to support his team members." This is where I started to think that your definition of support was limited to healing, because of a convoluted chain of logic that I will do my best to put into words. You said that healers hindered the other team's gameplay, which I took as healing = hindering = disruption = support. When I said the point of support was "to prevent the other team from playing how they want to," I was referring to all disruption that could be considered support, so when you disagreed with me and said supports support, that combined with your first post about healers hindering gameplay (and therefore being supports) was what led me to believe that you thought only healers were supports.   When all is said and done, though, I think the root of all this is just an issue of semantics, an error on my part. When you referred to healers hindering gameplay, you were probably not talking about preventing the game from going the way the other team wanted it to, as in disruption that I would consider supportive in nature; you probably meant that healers made the gameplay boring, passive, and not really any fun. Everything started when I made this error, because my post led to another misunderstanding, where you thought I was saying that the point of support was to make gameplay boring, passive, and not really any fun. And that led to ANOTHER error, where, due to the reasoning in the paragraph immediately above this one, I thought you were saying that only healers were supports.
1	Exactly, and personally I think the line-up is good and fits each player.   For top: Dyrus proved his a top tier. He may not have won every lane, but he kept being a threat even when he got behind. Really consistent, we all know this.   Jungle: Saint is still among the best in NA, and the fact that he's a shot caller is kinda necessary unless someone like Regi got mid.   Mid: Regi og maaaybe someone like ManCloud could have done well, but when Scarra shines.. He really shines..   Support: Xpecial is versatile, among the best as well, has most support experience and is probably the guy who didn't get picked almost only because of popularity.   Finally ADC: No, Double have not had a chance to carry.. And most adc's seem to be somewhat highly skilled in NA.. But I still believe Double is the best choice by far. Also, I'd personally don't think Double fits with CLG and their playstyle, so I really expect and hope to see him shine on the all-star team.
1	So i don't think we can expect him to be enabled tonight correct? I'm currently waiting to play, cause i'm waiting for him to be enabled again, but it looks like he'll need quite some work.
0	Nope. Although I do have family in the military. But thats another story.  My pops grabbed a scholarship in a prestiges school.  My aunt did the same.  My aunt was 17 at the time and they were neighboring colleges so my pops would go check on my aunt, his sister.  In one visit, she met my mom and love happened. Well fast forward a couple of years and both my mom and pops are graduating with their bachelors.  My dad started teaching in a high school while gaining his masters. So then he taught college. My received her medical degree and started to do her residency. Then I surprised them.   She finished her residency.  The next step in our lives was to move to the US since my mom was a US citizen and so were my brother and I.  Once, my mom secured a decent job,(in the meanwhile my pops would visit us ~ once a month or as money dictated) couldn't be and MD because she had she didn't have a US residency.  She kept at it and my pops received a chance to gain a PHD in the US.  That meant a work/student visa.  YAY I got my pops back.   My mom kept working her job and the plan was for her to get her residency as soon as my pops finished his PHD.  Unfortunately, my mom passed from cancer.  BUT NOT before seeing my pops get his PHD and no from seeing me graduate from high school.  My brother was away at college getting his degree in aeronautical engineering degree but chose to switch it to in flight medical nurse.  Now my pops, he is a molecular biologist, dedicates himself to cancer research.
1	Ok. Lets break this down a bit what we are talking about here is if riot should implement  price discrimination . While it's really not our decision, lets talk about it anyways (because what else is reddit for).   Ignoring possible legal issues that could come up from price discrimination (I don't think their are any in this case but considering this would involve EU law, US aw, Canadian law, etc. Who really knows for sure?) it has a few problems and benefits. Lets start with the benefits.   Firstly it would allow Riot to gain more profit by tapping into lower income markets. Which is good for them. (however if you look at wealth distribution the amount of money they stand to gain is "minimal"   Secondly, it would allow the poorer sections of the world to enjoy content they otherwise never would be able to enjoy. This will bring a great deal of good will for the company.   That's about it for the good things, but here are some of the possible bad things that could happen.   Gaming the system. How can Riot know for sure if someone is from say Macedonia if they also play on the EU server? IP address could be faked easily. They could request proof of citizenship but that would seem invasive. With different prices for different regions of the world you would also have to worry about people selling accounts with skins for less then buying those skins would cost in other locations. It also causes large questions. If John is from BR, has a BR account and is now going to school in the US, can he move his account to NA? He got skins for a lot cheaper than anyone else on NA should he be allowed to do that? How about people that want to level up BR accounts, buy cheap skins and  then move those account to NA to sell them?   Next up, a major part of the value of a skin is in it's exclusivity, by selling it for cheaper, or longer than intended, you diminish the value of that skin (some people might find that stupid, but it is how it works). Is it ok to potentially diminish the value of other people skins by selling them for cheap to people that can't afford it?   Lastly you have address the issue of is it fair to actually charge some people more because of where they live? (as apposed to relative to minimum wage).   Honestly at the end of the day neither option is fair (ethical is a toss up) but that's because we don't live in a fair world. Some places are poorer, some places are richer. From Riots perspective, trying to keep RP an equal cost all round and charging the same price to everyone is simply the "best". This addresses the reselling of skins (as it's no cheaper), it also means people in the the wealthy regions don't feel screwed over and considering they probably would probably make up 80+% of riots income who can blame them? This also means Riot can let people change regions while not worrying about have to ask questions like "should this player be allowed to use their skins on the new server?", "should this player be charged an additional import/tariff on their account because of the skins?". Lastly this preserves the "integrity" of the skins that are out their because the remain at an equal level of exclusivity internationally.
1	I agree that people should have to follow the summoner code no matter what bracket or tournament they are in. Riot has a history of banning newer teams that have bad mannered players on their team, but I don't really remember an instance where they banned the higher level players or the ones competing in the LCS for having bad sportsmanship, and they should start doing that.   I don't care if this guy thinks he is the best league player in the world, nothing can justify him acting like that. I can sort of understand what kind of mindset would make someone act like this. You are at the LCS and people chant your name, people fucking love watching you play a video game. It's a dream come true...or is it? Most people see the dream as being that good to be there and compete with others who are just as good, to prove to themselves that they are better...some people let that dream consume them instead and end up like this.   When you smack your talent around in other people's faces, you don't deserve the benefits you have gained from having that talent anymore, and you shouldn't be allowed to play with the best as a result.   To put it into perspective, what if this league player looked up to me or was competing with me in something he really enjoyed and I was his hero for whatever I might be doing, maybe in this case I'm way better at not being a douche and he respects me for my "Abilities", and one day I went over to him and was like "You are a fucking loser and will never be as good as me at not being a total asshole. You will always be a total asshole."   I seem kind of fucking obnoxious and ironic, right? "Pro" players do the same thing and Riot should take a serious stance against them doing this. In the NBA if a player gets into a fight they may be put on penalty and suspended for a bit. If a player curses at the ref he is fined (a lot of money), benched, or given a penalty. If a coach is being an asshole to a player on the opposing team or the other coach, or even the ref, he will be asked to leave. This is professionalism and this is the standard League of Legends and Riot should live up to if they want to continue to be taken seriously as an Esport, and so they should ask their players to do the same...only in a sterner voice now.
1	I hope this doesn't sound too critical. Disclaimer, I'm not just trying to say "You're not high enough elo to do this stuff." I think that the show is not playing to the strengths of its cast.   Everyone on the show was likeable but no one offered enough in terms of expert knowledge and comfort with analysis. Yet you keep bringing the focus back to ingame analysis. You have 4 people that are qualified to be hosts bouncing talking points back and forth and you don't have the one or two people with a deep, concrete knowledge pool that can confidently answer the questions you are asking each other. It reminds me of the old Trinity Force podcasts whenever they couldn't get a guest for the week. The reason shows like this work on say, ESPN Sportscenter or JD's State of the League is because the lion's share of speakers on those shows are ex-pros, coaches etc. That's what lets them have a narrow focus on their topics. The four of you are avid spectators and all have good communication skills, but you are forcing yourselves to be analysts/pundits which aren't your strong points to begin with. As a live broadcast especially it's not appropriate to "fake it until you make it." My favorite parts are actually when Hughbo forgets the current topic and goes off on a tangent actually. It does detract from what is clearly the intent of the show, but it feels so much more natural and it is what I expect if you put a bunch of journalists together. Talking about teams, orgs, rosters, players, tournaments and news items. You guys shine when you are doing this (not often enough) and you're faltering when you linger too long on reading plays and interpreting the meta.   ^^^^
1	You will eventually climb back up if you're skilled enough, but the one problem is the grind. You will always be placed where you belong. AFKers and DCers don't get any better even in Diamond. You just have to grind your way through all the retarded games like this(didn't even include straight up trolls who pick bad match ups or just straight up throw) in order to find out where you belong, and even from there you will still climb if you're constantly improving/learning from your mistakes.
1	It's also about cooldowns and mana use. Leblanc's full rotation outtrades everybody for the most part, but you can't reliably land Chains on a competent opponent, making QW her most likely source of burst. In order to pop Sigil, your W will take you into Kassadin's QE range at least, meaning leblanc will take the 160 base damage those skill deal, another 80 if Kass lands an empowered auto. You are risking 240 damage on your combo which deals ~200 damage plus any autos you land. Now take into account the mitigation from Kass's shield. You have to conclude that if you don't land Chains, Kassadin wins the trade on numbers alone.   Now bear in mind that Kassadin takes reduced Magic damage and starts with a shit ton of sustain. This means that one single won trade won't win Leblanc the lane. Now take into account that her level 3 combo costs roughly half of her mana pool, and has an 18 second cooldown. Kassadin quite simply shrugs off Leblanc in lane, doubly so if he can dodge Chains. For Leblanc, you can't realistically dodge Kassadin's QE damage if you are Distortion-ing in, and his mana sustain far exceeds hers.   If you put two points in W, the trade is even worse for Leblanc. Her only advantage is in ranged auto-attacking, where she ought to win out in the end. I encourage you to test the matchup out if you don't feel it favors Kassadin. The basic math is that Lebanc with two points in W deals 235+ dmg on her combo and puts herself into range for Kassadin's damage. Kassadin with two pts in Q and one in E deals 185+ and (if timed well), blocks 70 damage. Meaning he takes 165 damage and deals 185. This isn't even counting his flat 15% reduced magic damage, or the fact that he starts full sustain and won't have mana issues like Leblanc.
1	Can someone please explain to me how splitting the prize money is associated with this rule (in violation?):   "competitors may not intentionally Forfeit a Game or conspire to manipulate Rankings or Brackets"   If they simply treated the game like a scrimmage and split the prize money, doesn't the rule in question not apply?  Both teams are neither forfeiting a game nor conspiring to manipulate their rankings or brackets.  It doesn't appear (atm, as far as i can tell) that Dignitas threw the finals at all and, instead, treated the game seriously.   This competition is a game.  People talking about "disrespecting other teams" is bullshit.  Unfortunately, playing nice and being cutesy isn't in the rules.  The fact that they can flexibly enforce the rules like this is almost enough to make me vomit.  Their official statement doesn't touch on anything that clearly explains how this rule was broken.   The players clearly weren't aware that this was against the rules, because it isn't specified in the rules.  The players not taking the game "seriously" is a bi-product of the tournament system and not of the players themselves.   inb4 S2 finals breaks meta and judges call an investigation into the seriousness of the games.
0	I almost had an aneurysm when I saw the kind of money my parents spent on my sister's wedding. My mom was actually excited about the future prospect of my wedding afterward. I told her I didn't want that kind of expense on their shoulders and would get married at a justice of the peace.   The stare. That horrible, "no you're not" mother-stare....
1	Okay, so let me explain it properly:   1) If you are hit, you get the regen. It should be like that, since why on earth would you need regen if you are not even damaged.   2) You should not get regen from the scuttler for example, since you are never damaged by it.   3) Shaco's boxes allow juggling, thus making it easy to actually abuse the regen especially with him. Takes practice though.   4) Shaco's very first camp lets him save his smite by making all the damage by pre-set boxes. Altough they are not there for the whole clear, and you need one or two more AA on the creeps, for that while you'll get the regen.   So just tell me which point you don't understand, and I promise I explain everthing to the greatest of my understanding.
1	All this really tells me is that Liandry's/Rylais is a good combo on her, something everyone already knew and built, sometimes even on support, and that Banner has added synergy with champions who create their own minions.   I get it, the spirit of the lizard elder lets her plants do true damage, but its not worth the 2k of the sink.  If the goal really is to make the plants hit hard then building straight AP will buff their damage.  More penetration in the form of abyssal and void staff or even just a rabadon's, I'd imagine (haven't looked at the numbers) give comparable plant damage while also buffing up her other abilities.
1	Speaking for myself (and as someone who has also spent no money on LoL), I have thought about it.  In the end, I never follow through the process.  I've got a couple of reasons for this:   1)  I am cheap.  I do not like to spend money on a free game if I can fully enjoy it without the extra cash.  I am an out of town student who simply does not have the resources to spend extra money on a game I already enjoy for free.  The skins I would want to buy (Nunu Bot, Gentleman Cho'Gath, Brolaf, etc.) are around $13.00 (calculated through the $20.00 amount which is what I would buy), and that is just a bit too much for me.   2) The champions simply cost too much.  The only champs I would buy would be the 6300 ones that take forever to earn through IP.  Using the above calculations, they are around $7.00.  That is simply too much money for me to justify at this time.  I would have most likely bought the collector's pack, except by the time I knew about it I had already bought most of the champs it provided through IP.  If they lowered the prices for the champs, I would probably go in and buy them.   3) So far, I have not seen an item in store that I absolutely had to have.  There are some items I think would be cool to have, but nothing so far that I saw and just knew I had to buy.   4) It is a bit of a contest with myself.  My thought is that if I was going to start buying large amounts of IP, I could have just bought another game, had access to all the content, and had fun there.   In short, if I could buy the game (i.e. a realistic dollar amount for all current and future champions, etc.) I would do it in a heartbeat provided it went into things like observer mode, server upgrades, a timed pause, etc.  Since it is free, however, and all I see is more champions coming out without the hardware upgrades that would make the game closer to what I would expect if I outright bought a game, I am fine with playing for free.
0	I think he was more so implying she is wife material because even though he has been hammered busy with work and thus not being able to give her the sort of attention he normally does she was still thinking about him.   Not only thinking about him, but went out of her way to help him unwind from said work with out asking anything from him in return.
0	I dont care if noone sees this, it's venting time, because this happened to me not two effin days ago as this Chrysler mistakes my indicator to merge right into the exit lane as an indicator to turn on douche-turbo and try and speed up to block me from coming in. But I have had enough experience with anus Cali drivers to know if I can safely make it, and it means they have to quickly slow down because they made the mistake of trying to speed up when they were far behind me, I'm not gonna quickly change my maneuver just to appease their douchey I wanna go fast driving. So he honked at me, wtvbro.gif, I felt good I didn't do anything to react to his supreme assholeness but there's just some people you see shittily driving, and you know they don't think they're doing anything wrong, so you just wanna pull them out of their car and start stomping on them till the green cash icons start floating around their corpses....
1	This is a point which is all too often overlooked. Just because someone is a lower/higher rank than someone else, doesn't mean that they are necessarily right or wrong about anything. Its just like how in sports (football for example) coaches call the plays/make decisions because they simply know better than the players what should be done in certain situations. Just because the coaches/analysts aren't able to execute the plays themselves doesn't mean that the plays they call are wrong.
0	I have been with the same person for 15 years and this is so, so true.  We work in the same field and lately, as our careers converge we have been helping each other through stressful times at work with an enhanced appreciation for what we are going through.  I have always applied this to our personal lives, and just recently, it dawned on me that the best way for me to help her when she is suffering from work stress is to do the things that she does to help me.  It has made us both much happier helping each other.
1	try playing dota2. i quit league of legends 4 days ago and i played around 2 years non stop but this game right now is just too frustrating with all the hate and trolls and leavers n all dat i just became sick of it and wanted to try something new but i liked mobas so i went to dota2 its not the same as league of legends but atleast im still new to it so i get to have the joy of playing a new game again
1	A while ago, before the Heimerdinger Vu i saw a video of a riot employee. I forgot the name, he showed his work flow using a video of him making heimerdingers vu, But also "SINGED". Although I havent heard anybody else say anything about it so it might still be a ways off. But the beginning is there, he just might not be the next  in line.
0	That's what my experience was like but then I found the joy of subreddits. There's so many of them that you can easily find one that lets you participate without feeling like the guy trying to jump into the middle of a conversation. Plus smaller communities generally are free from the social pressures of the rest of the hivemind so you can just talk about stuff without feeling the need to shove memes down people's throats just to get noticed.
1	A lot of those champs were buffed of course. A big example would be Sivir because she was actually reworked a few months back. The same can be said about Shen. Also, due to nature of league and how often it is updated, many other champs have been nerfed or buffed and have brought others to the spotlight. A good example is Jarvan, he was an amazing jungler in season 1 but he has been tweaked since then. Other champs were also not "discovered" yet like Maokai, Morgana, or Olaf (although they may have been buffed along the way, my memory is bad and I'm too lazy to look up patch history).
1	To be honest, I think they should either remove Ruby Sightstone from the game, or buff the health it gives so that it's a very gold efficient option to get more tanky for those that already have a sightstone. I don't want to be forced into buying an item every game that's going to make me weaker in combat (compared to if I had spent the gold on a more cost effective item), just so I can put down one extra ward.   I don't often run into the problem of my team not using their trinkets, but in the few games that I do, it's not really that much of a problem. You just have to understand where your team will need vision, and make every ward count. Three wards is more than enough to safely push a tower or go for a dragon/baron. As for keeping objectives warded, just politely ask someone near it to drop a ward.   Note:  "ffs, someone ward baron," is not the correct way to ask your team to ward baron.
0	The 4 largest words on there are literally the
0	Uhh No. You have to have a diploma but there are no specific GPA requirements, the only other qualifcation (intellectually) is to  get above a 36 on the asvab, although the asvab score can be waived, as can the diploma, but you would still have to get a GED to join the military.   Officer Requirements however are completely different and much higher.   Source: About.com/ I'm in the military.
0	Ok, whether or not homosexuality is forbidden in Christianity/Catholicism is a little fuzzy because of individual interpretations of the Biblical passages involved.  I'll let you do your own research there.  It's a was little more clear-cut in Catholicism, but that's only because the Pope condemns it, and what the Pope says is what goes in the Catholic church.  However, the current Pope's stance has been a little more understanding than previous ones, so things may change eventually.  Still, unconditional love and forgiveness, especially for a family member, is SUPPOSED to be a large part of the Christian faith.  If you are following scripture, than even if the parents did not condone their child's lifestyle, disowning him could easily be interpreted as wrong and sinful.   Also, disclaimer here, I'm an agnostic who believes there is absolutely nothing wrong with homosexuality.  This is just an explanation of how the priest may have interpreted the situation.
0	I got lice from a girl at work using our loaner stryker helmet. I was at home and Christ my head itched. While I was itching I had gotten a louse on my hand. I then felt something on my hand and seen what it was. Aw hell no. Had the girlfriend check my head yup I had bugs...   I went straight outside and used the clippers to get my hair as short as they would allow. Went back in to shower the girlfriend tells me we had lice shampoo left over from the kids. Well I couldn't find it but Buddy, our beagle, flea and tick shampoo was right there so I used it.   Those little bastards were committing suicide trying to get away from that stuff it took care of them. It also left the little remaining hair I had feel silky and smooth. The girlfriend had them too but refused the dog shampoo and made me go buy the real stuff.
1	There's nothing wrong with thinking this game is casual, it certainly can be played casually. I mean, I do.   In terms of eSports?.....It might be casual  in comparison  to other games like DotA, but that's mainly opinion. It doesn't mean the game itself isn't in the hardcore level.
1	Harass, you have a ranged poke. If he uses his heal try land taunt, wd he just reduced his grit chance. Try for taunts into some of your minions. Your 1 and 2 are worse than his but your 4 is probably better. If you get a level first use the chance. Never go for a long trade unless you have much more health because of his crit rate. Don't forget taunt massively reduces damage. And fast tabi will infuriate him.
1	I will just leave this here   Fighter   ya|iu|no|zac|ax|af|tru|ok|ec|riv|mb|do|nu|e_|aa|vo|lp|try|ion|wu|zed|em|nid|ju|ud|ged|sha|pa|de|lo|fio|hen|eng|^al|yz|are|xi|vi$|yo|gp|yc|mm|yi|yv|rw|^i|rv|^el|gn|yl|ho|po|ul|go|nas|ke|sk|ene    Assassin   ya|no|ax|kas|ev|e_|kal|kat|zed|em|sha|zz|pa|lo|fio|eng|xi|vi$|yi|kh|^i|nc    Mage   sw|kas|ev|rm|ux|ie|xe|hei|dd|kat|ahr|oz|ria|gg|zz|de|sy|ag|lz|ez|yz|pe|ik|aw|dia|nd$|zy|^el|nc|san|hu|vei|zil|rga|ul|niv|ke|gal    Tank   iu|zac|af|tru|ok|ec|do|leo|aa|vo|lp|ion|ju|ud|ged|thr|amu|ag|hen|ic$|^al|rau|are|ut|mm|yv|rw|rv|jan|tz|ho|nas|gal|sk|ene    Support   nam|nu|leo|rm|ux|ie|sor|dd|nid|ria|thr|ic$|^al|rau|son|ut|zy|yl|jan|san|tz|zil|rga|ul    Marksmen   ta$|siv|tc|vay|
0	European here. Specifically, one from a country where common folk can't simply buy firearms.   If Zimmerman wouldn't have been able to so easily buy a gun, and therefore didn't own one, and therefore didn't have a gun on him during the ordeal, nobody would have been killed. That's a little bit of speculation, but we can be fairly certain of that. So it's extremely relevant. Likewise, many people were wondering "stand your ground" laws might have been a tad retarded or not. Also relevant.   I've read this "whoring out a tragedy" argument many times from Americans, and I am appalled at it. Partly because there isn't a better time to talk about it, but more importantly, because many people that I've seen say it (Fox News, Republicans, etc) have pushed for  horrendous  laws immediately following 9/11.
0	I'm surprised more people didn't just
1	Its actually not that difficult. Once they make the hat, which should only take 20-30 min tops, they just connect it to Barons head bone. Barons head bone is already animated so the hat moves with his current animations. They wouldn't need to re-animate him at all. Imagine gluing a hat to an rc dinosaur, you don't need extra motors to move his little hat. Source: I do a lot of 3d animation on my free time.
0	Ok, that's not fair if it happens every weekend. But think of it like this. Guy goes to his job Monday through Friday, and gets the weekend off. Stay at home mom goes to work 24/7, every single day, no breaks. Why doesn't she ever get a weekend off? Just one fucking weekend? When I was a stay at home mom, my boyfriend didn't understand. Now that I went back to work, and he's alone with our kids every week night, his tune has changed. Kids are a job, everyone deserves a break every now and then.  Also, "him giving up his entire break" just once, would mean that she actually gets a break for the first time ever. Kids are draining and demanding. And also wonderful and amazing. But still, you must be allowed to have a break from that. No one else is expected to work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, every weekend, every holiday, etc., except for stay at home moms. Trust me, it sucks. I love my kids, but damn, I'm glad I'm working again. Now I actually get to experience missing them, and the excitement they have when I come home or pick them up from school.
1	For me, MF feels like a champ with so much potential, but falls flat in almost every way.   Starting with her passive, it's nice, but it tends not to provide much benefit for when you actually NEED movespeed, i.e. in chasing and running from ganks. It's handy to have for when you're running from fountain and between lanes, but it doesn't bring much to the game beyond that.   Her Q is probably her strongest skill, which is a bummer because it feels entirely gimmicky and pretty tricky to land reliably. A tiny change like making it seek out Champions (similar to Sona's Q) if at all possible would make this a much stronger skill and take away some of the finicky nature. The mana cost is pretty high for early spamming, which is when it's most effective. Aside from the double-bounce, it's a really inferior single-shot nuke compared to stuff like gangplank's parrrley.   Her W is really situational. The extra AS is always nice, but AS is pretty cheap to itemize for so it's not really that critical. The skill's real meat is in the stacking damage, and healing reduction. The extra damage is great to have if you're focus-firing someone, and will add up with enough items. That's what saves this skill from being totally useless. The reason why it's situational is that its effectiveness depends a lot on the enemy teamcomp. If you're going against, say...Warwick, Vlad, Sion, Akali, and Soraka, your W is going to be putting in some fucking work and making them bitches cry. But if you're against a team like Jarvan, Ezreal, Karthus, Janna, and Amumu, they're not too likely to notice the reduction in heals. I feel like this skill could be really improved if it added a DoT like Tristana's explosive shot.   Her E is by far her weakest skill. Huge mana cost, short duration, so-so range, and totally pathetic damage. It's only useful for the slow, which isn't really that impressive compared against other AOE slow skills like Singed's super adhesive. Long casting time that sort of makes it tricky to use it as an escape. At least it gives vision.   The ulti is probably the most underwhelming skill in the game in terms of visuals vs actual effect. From the image, you expect it to be this powerful, devastating wave of death and destruction, but all it really does is annoy the enemy team and throw up a giant red arrow that says "CC ME YOU GUIZE!" It takes way too long to do substantial damage, and the windup time is way too long to hit the enemy with the element of surprise like you can with Kat's ult. Often times you'll get your ass stunned after the first wave of bullets, her laugh is a HUGE giveaway.   I really wish MF was as good as the other carries, since I think she brings some really interesting skills to the table. But she doesn't have the range to be a right-click champion like Cait, doesn't have the spell utility like Ashe, and she doesn't have the slipperiness of Corki or Ezreal. A huge disappointment for me.
0	I have a story where Taylor Swift helped me break up with my first real girlfriend. Things had been rough between us for a while, (i.e. she dumped me a couple times a month as a method of manipulation, I was naïve and thought I should try and make things work out), but the thing that showed me she really didn't care about me and that it was time to end things was when I noticed her phone wallpaper was a picture of her with Taylor Swift. (This was possible because she lived in Nashville and saw her at some store.) Now this might not seem like much, but she had bitched me out about my phone's wallpaper being some generic bland picture instead of a picture of her. Coupled with the fact that she hadn't even told me she had met Taylor Swift (I mean, who doesn't tell their boyfriend they met a celebrity?), I realized she didn't really care about me that much, and shortly thereafter ended things. It was really a "straw that broke the camel's back" sort of thing; if it were an isolated incident, it wouldn't have been a big deal.
0	I used to work for a sizable software development factory...roughly 1000 programmers, plus about the same of other professions for support.  Anyhow, on the night the "i love you" virus went out, the head honcho got an email from a well known slutty hot chick that worked in support.  He opened it up and started the chain of infection through the organization.
1	Honestly, this 100 times over. Just step away from the game for a bit if you get salty and go on tilt. Typically you're being self destructive to yourself and you start not paying attention to why you lose. Try to take something from each game you play. Take notes each time you die on a piece of paper and explain why you died. Positioning is a huge reason why I will die.   That being said, the OP's post pretains to feeders and afk's causing him to go on tilt. It is unfortunate but it happens. But the enemy team has a higher chance of getting the feeder or AFK than your team does. As long as you are not the problem your team has 4 out of the remaining 9 players and their team 5 of the 9 players. They are 11% more likely to have a feeder or afk than your team does.
1	For what it's worth, on the topic of new wireless routers, the last time I had to buy a wireless access point I returned about 4 of them because of connectivity issues.  I finally got around to just trying the cheapest one that the store had, which worked perfectly and still works perfectly today, many years later.   It was a linksys WRT54G, version 6.  These days I highly recommend WRT54Gs, which I believe are still in production and still cheap.
0	Agreed. Between student loans and paying for the basic creature comforts afforded by our times, money can get spread pretty thin. I'm happy where I am for now, working for better financial security in the coming years.
1	Yeah, you should not be scared of playing some normal games from time to time. It's really important to know how you can do against real players. While you'll reach the lvl30, you'll sometimes fall against real lvl30 that already have a lot of games in this queue type. Playing too much bots will only screw you.
0	Saw this woman running for a bus and there was no way she'd make it so I sped up and stopped my car boxing the bus in for like 20 seconds. The bus-driver honked and probably got pretty mad at me but he still picked her up. So I just honked back and drove off, was a nice good guy moment.
0	In the interest of full disclosure, I suppose I should confess that I am one of these claimants.  In May I was hospitalized, thinking my shortness of breath and debilitating fatigue were symptoms of pneumonia.  It turned out that I had been living with pneumonia for so long I was on the brink of losing a lung.  I needed a thoracotomy and left lung decortication to avoid losing the organ entirely.  As if that were not bad enough, I also was diagnosed with a severe case of congestive heart failure.   Though the procedure was high risk for someone with a heart as weak as mine, brilliant doctors got the job done, and my breathing normalized by the time I was allowed to leave the hospital.  Also, I've responded well to medications for my heart failure.  Even with significant recovery, my heart has less than half the pumping power of a healthy cardiac muscle.  A single flight of stairs can leave me winded, and spending more than a few minutes outside on a hot day is no different for me than playing Russian roulette.  Heavy lifting, intense argument, and consuming the average American amount of dietary sodium are all also activities that put me at high risk of a deadly episode.   A typical person with my diagnosis doesn't make it another five years.  I am optimistic about beating the odds, since I am young for such extreme heart failure, I am consulting with an excellent specialist, I am taking all medications as prescribed, and I am respecting the many limitations imposed by my condition.  Even so, I am a 40 year old man who will be a little lucky to see 50 and in need of a miracle to see 60.  I didn't ask for any kind of government benefit during prior periods of extended unemployment, but now I feel like my need is legitimate.   I started the process in early June, and I've been told I can expect a ruling in the next couple of months.  Perhaps I have a zealous and compassionate case worker on my side (and it doesn't hurt that I also had a cancer diagnosis in the mean time.  I don't think it's relevant since the tumor was destroyed during an outpatient procedure, but just hearing the phrase "kidney cancer" made my evaluator do a George Takei-style "oh my!")  Perhaps Illinois hasn't slashed social services quite as brutally as many other states, and certainly Social Security has a less byzantine bureaucracy than Veterans' Affairs, but in many cases the process is protracted by patient advocates.  There are strict limits on how much a firm like Binder & Binder can charge for services to the disabled, but those limits grow based on the number and duration of hearings conducted.  Perversely, this means lawyers for the disabled have incentives to drag out the process as long as possible.   So far I'm going it alone, and the severity of my case should be enough to make a favorable ruling uncontroversial.  While I've been told I'm one or two months away from a disability ruling, I also have a mountain of medical bills and no timetable on Medicaid enrollment, despite having no recent income and no major financial assets.  I'm really hoping that doesn't drag on into next year, but apparently ongoing reforms are a pretext for chaos in my state's Medicaid program.
1	They really need to just make an Eastern server, NA is huge comparatively to Europe, which has 3/4 servers (EUW, EUNE, Turkey, Russia) The continental US is over 3,000 miles wide, plus Canada is wider, don't forget about Alaska and Hawaii, plus Northeastern Canada in the other direction. There is a lot of land to cover for a single server. Even if they move the servers to St. Louis or Chicago, people are going to be victims of latency problems just simply due to the sheer distance that this server has to cover, along with the current issues regarding ISPs that we are having now. It doesn't make sense to move the servers and have BOTH coasts pissed off.
1	Not a LoL player, so my best suggestion is to show them a slow/easy game. as someone who doesn't play LoL, every teamfight looks like a fuckfest to me, even if i try very hard to recognize the spells and abilities.
0	Nothing like having a disgruntled family while working in the military. My grandfather was in WWII in Japan. He cleaned up after the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima. When he came back his family (mom and dad) spent all of his money he earned on their farm without his permission. He later died one day (this was about 40 years later) out of the blue. He was mowing the lawn, went inside for a nap and never woke up again. Doctors found massive amounts of cancer most likely caused by radiation poisoning.
0	What patients don't realize is that hospitals schedule doctors to see a patient every 15 minutes, it's the only way they can make money. Plus, generally these patients have a lot more going on than just a cold.  The doctor needs to hear about how their diabetes, hypertension, and cholesterol is doing AND do an exam.  Doctors want to hear about how you are doing, and if you have a new problem they do want to hear about it.  So soon, things start running over.  Trust me when I say they aren't behind the scenes lounging around, cracking jokes, they are running all over the place trying to actually spend time with those who need it.  Lunch? Nope. Home at 5? Nope.  It's obviously frustrating when appointments are running behind but the doctor is frustrated too.
1	Okay, for the people who think this is just about the damage, gather around and let me tell you something, this is a story from a plat 1 player.  These nerfs will make her a whole lot less fun to use. This isn't only about the damage you can deal with a single combo while jumping in, it's about the options you had with your character. When I play Ahri, I feel like i'm never forced to doing anything, I have my spells, and they are at my disposal, how I use them is my choice.   But with these changes, what happens?   Now your passive is a laning only tool. If you've ever played in a teamfight with Ahri you know you have the option to wait a few extra seconds to get that single target, high healing high-healing fox fire heal. Now you can just forget that, it'll heal next to nothing extra even how you think about it, it'll be next to useless in teamfights.   But charm got buffed, you guys can't complain!  As someone who has at least 400 Ahri games this season alone, I can say that this charm "buff" is the most boring thing they could've done, period. It's hardly a buff in laning phase where you harass with Q primarily. You'll no longer be able to use it as an escape when you want to, because the mana cost is so immense that it forces you to a stale "only use if 100% guaranteed and junglers will kill you like nothing pre-6", no more mind games. It doesn't encourage any flexible play or smart use, it's just "hit target kill target, miss target don't kill target" the only mind games is the skillshot itself and how you aim it. And due to the larger mana cost, you have riot saying they want you to charm as an important tool, and then you have the mana to use 1-2 in lane (if you want to be even remotely able to countershove), also as a sidenote, good luck hitting a decent Vayne with one lategame, it's next to impossible. Great assassin we have here guys.   Do you remember the mage style she had the option to go for?  Forget that! With the removal of 3 seconds on her ult, she can't position herself to play around her low ranges on fox-fire/Q. Add that W is no longer single target, Rylais will be practically useless for you. Positioning around to hit her spells consistently needed those tools.   What's your point?  I want people to understand that this is not about the damage, I understand she needed nerfs to her damage due to how many options she had, but removing her options AND her damage is plain retarded. What was fun for me was that my build was up to me, I didn't need mana items if I used my spells certain ways. If this goes live, she'll have serious mana issues if she want to be aggressive, and characters like Fizz/Zed that already stomped her will stomp her worse, because they can dodge charm without trying, and matchups that were poor for low mobility champs, will be worse. This is encouraging the mindless "build DFG every game" playstyle. It is FORCING you to go into the braindead style and removes all her options for fun jumping around and outplaying/kiting, using your passive in a smart way, positioning yourself depending on the situation. That won't be such an obvious thing to do anymore with the new charm. She'll be an assassin like who relies on a single skillshot (arguably Fizz, but he has sustained damage atleast) to take down a squishy, when said squishy lategame might have a MS of 420+. To top this off, your fox-fire isn't even a lock on of your choice, what if you hit, say, Graves with it, jump in with fox-fire, and Alistar flashes in your way? Fox-fire doesn't lock on who you want it to lock, it chooses the closest target, this plus the ult doing AOE damage, makes me thing riot are immensely incompetent in how to work with her kit, as they can't even make it synchronize with itself.   Do you guys remember the "If my Q hits ill jump in" combo?  That kind of thinking is a nono, and any thinking outside of "hit charm, kill target" is strictly forbidden if this goes through.
0	When did the marriage start to go south? When did the sex start to taper off?   On the first night of our honeymoon.   > Was it ADDRESSED at the start or allowed to go on until it became irreparable? See my line of thinking, if EITHER of you had been as attentive as the other has a right to expect, the problem could have been solved or at least helped.   I couldn't agree more.  And it would have been best helped by not getting married in the first place, but she was opposed to sex before marriage and I honored that, so we had only a little basis for sexual compatibility prior to marriage.  At the time, though, it seemed reasonably hot - and I was sufficiently attracted to her - that I never really imagined sex would be an issue.   Once it started, I tried such as I could to address the issue, but she was (and is) absolutely unwilling to look at it, and I was very young (25) with only a couple long-term relationships under my belt (none of which had any issues with lack of sex) so I really didn't know what to do but to try to get her to change (which is impossible) and eventually seek therapy myself much later on when I wasn't able to cope with the sexual anorexia.  But as my therapist explained, "tsontar,  she  doesn't  have  a problem.   You  have the problem.   She's  perfectly OK with the status quo.  And the problem is,  your  problem is only going to get better when  she  changes, and nobody changes uncomfortable things unless  they have the problem. "   Problem was, it wasn't until I was twelve years into the marriage that I  finally  understood that message, and left.  If I had understood that message a lot sooner, instead of trying to get her to change, I would have left very early on.   Edit: thing is, she is a very loving person in her way (especially if you are a wounded animal - she's a vet), and thus a very sympathetic / likable person - so for me to leave her "because of sex" seemed like something that would automatically make me a douche, as you so kindly put it.  Now that I have experience, I know that I was wrong to think that.
0	This is the simple, but not the only answer, that I've learned in my time.   My uncle, who is only 12 yrs older than I am, told me before I went off to college, always ask out the hottest girl you see. Why? Because almost every guy is to shy to ask them out. Now I love my uncle, but he's not the handsomest guy by a long shot, he started balding pretty aggressively by 19. Yet he brought home some of the hottest women I've ever seen during his 20s.   Yes you'll still get shot down, but that's always a risk when asking someone out. But you'll land some bombshells along the way.
1	When you hit level 30 you are able to play ranked games, otherwise known as solo queue (whereby you queue, by yourself or  one  other member). Initially everybody starts out with 1200 Elo (it will say unranked). You first 10 matches give you a lot more/less Elo than any others and you will get Elo if you win a match and lose Elo if you win a match. If you win all 10 matches (unlikely) you would get to around 1800. After your 10 matches, the amount of Elo you get for winning goes down until it caps at around 12-20 Elo per game (you get the same for winning and losing).   You get put into a tier depending on where you are:   Bronze: Between 0 and 1149 (Team: 0-1249) (Top 100%)   Silver: Between 1150 and 1499 (Team: 1250-1449) (Top 68%-13%)  Majority of Active Player Base   Gold: Between 1500 and 1849 (Team: 1450-1649) (Top 13%-1.5%)   Platinum: Between 1850 and 2199 (Team: 1650-1849) (Top 1.5%-0.1%)   Diamond: 2200 and above (Team: 1850+) (Top 0.1%)
0	Having to work on national holidays means you probably work in retail or service, although you don't really say...   I work in retail, specifically in a seasonal store that does winter sports at that time of year and pools/patio furniture in the summer.   This means that I an expected to work weekends, which quite honestly doesn't bother me anymore. Aside from that, the only national holidays we are open for are memorial day, 4th of july, and labor day. We are compensated 2x, and for a good portion of the staff working on these days is more or less optional. The holidays we are closed for ( Thanksgiving, Christmas and easter) all full time employees receive 8 hours holiday pay (normal pay rate even though I'm at home eating a huge meal and drinking wine).   My boss doesn't like paying overtime so during most of the year he requires that we keep our weekly hours at 40 max (which I think is horse shit, I'd work 60 hours/week if I could) but these holidays are generally the most slack days of the year so hanging out for a few hours on labor day morning like I'm doing today doesn't hurt at all.   Anyway, you should find a job with more fair practices when it comes to compensation. Before doing so though consider what kind of benefits you may or may not be realizing at work. For example, my employer offers to cover a very low percentage of my healthcare should I choose to get it through them, and I would end up paying about $4800/month for coverage for a single male. On the other side of the coin, I get privileges to a handful of ski resorts (which can be worth $1000s if you're an avid snowboarder like me) and really great discounts on TONS of products both in the store and online retail incentive programs. I haven't had to pay retail price on most apparel in a few years.   Just weigh the pros and cons before getting out, because as much as it sucks, crap work is a whole lot better than no work.
0	There's a number of scientific studies showing how our "rating" people is actually innate. (can't find them atm) Its more of a comparative perspective applied in a larger system. IE: would I rather go out with person a or b? B. Then n is higher than a. Person c comes along, and they are higher than b. then D is lower than c, but higher than B, so you eventually just use a general scale, rather than some kind of mental list of people you find attractive from most to least.   It also allows for an easier discussion with others. (socialization is important for both sexes, and attraction to others is something we pretty much all share, and can discuss) This rating system is easier than saying "well, he's better looking than Brad, but not as good as Kyle." Only to have the other people not know who either of those people are. Its far easier to describe someone as an "8" than try to figure out who knows who, and how attractive each person is, etc.
0	He should meet up with himself to check his post from yesterday. The story is completely different:   We started seeing each other last February, I had never had a girlfriend before and was not looking for a serious relationship.  We started to get more serious, hung out all the time and always wanted to be with each other.  In the beginning of June we decided we both wanted to be in a relationship with each other and made it official.  We had what seemed to be the perfect relationship, we never fought(once in our whole time together and it was resolved within one night of discussion).  We told each other we loved each other and everything was going great.  We talked about the possibility of moving in with each other in July when her lease was up and we both were excited about the idea.  We spent Christmas together with our families and everyone got to meet each other and it all went great.   After the holidays I decided to stop partying as much and pretty much quit drinking and fully quit smoking pot.  I want to focus on my health and wealth.  I don't know for sure if this is what initiated things but it was around this time that I noticed her starting to become a little more distant, but we were both very busy with work so I chalked it up to that.  At the beginning of January my room mate decided to move out and get his own place so I was going to be needing to figure out a new room mate or find a new place to live. I brought up the idea of me moving in with her until her lease was up and then us finding a place together.  She had some reasons why it couldn't work out(she has two room mates and can't have more people in the residence as per their contract being the main reason) and we decided it would be best if I tried to find a new room mate and stick to the July plan.   This past weekend was her birthday weekend. On Saturday we went to a very nice restaurant and had a great dinner together.  Afterwards we went to a bar and met up with her friends to party. I told her at the beginning of the year that I would break my drinking cleanse and have some drinks to celebrate her birthday.  We ended up partying pretty hard and some people took some MDMA including us and we were having fun. We went back to her apartment with her room mate and his girlfriend at the end of the night and things got a little crazy.  The girls started making out some how and then eventually us guys got involved but we never had sex with each others partners but the girls were very into each other.  As I mentioned earlier, we had started to be a little distant from each other the past few weeks our sex had gotten less frequent and not as hot.  She used to act like she could not get enough of me and that kinda went away. That same passion came back with my room mates girlfriend and she was almost ignoring me during the event.   So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
1	Well it sounds like Morgana will always win a fight if you put it that way.   But you have to take into account the utility and cooldowns here as well. all morg's cd's are longer than ahri's, especially charm cd is significantly shorter than blackshield's at early levels. If you force morg to use the shield on herself, there's a ~8 second window she's vulnerable which ahri can use to poke/zone.   morg's q is better than ahri's in the sense that it comes with really good cc, but ahri's is faster and harder to dodge (ie- better poking capability). plus, dark binding can be completely blocked by positioning behind minions, but not orb of deception. and ahri's ult itself can be used to get out of morg's ult range (assuming ahri isn't immobilised already) and reposition.
0	i just hate when someone refers to themselves as a 'redditor'. reddit is not some hive-mind like everyone likes to assume, there are all sorts of different people on reddit and as you said most of them are assholes. in fact i'm sure most of you think i'm an asshole because its the internet and i don't give a fuck who i offend.
1	People take this game seriously and want to try and aim for High elo and maybe even pro. By playing non-meta in ranked, it drastically decreases your teams chance of winning. This can affect if someone makes that reach into silver, gold, plat etc. There is a reason why there is normal games and I think you shouldn't ruin peoples experience of league by making them lose a ranked game. Furthermore, people who do take it seriously become more upset from you causing him to lose and it will affect the outcome of their future games too. So i think that you should just stick to normals if you want to play non meta. After all, the meta is there for a reason.
0	To me, that's still disturbing.  I don't mean any disrespect, but I almost feel like this 'I expect it' is a learned helplessness response I hear from a lot of people.   Even if a technology exists to do it, I want to believe a first world government won't do it  (at least on a mass scale) if the people outlaw it.  And that we can put oversight in place to create accountability around that.  Or we should all begin using encryption technologies to make sure it's not done.   Not because one necessarily plans to commit a crime but because that's not the ultimate threat of surveillance like this imo.   Here in the states, they're building a massive server farm not just to snoop, but to store all of this.  Indefinitely.  I don't know if that's the case in the UK.   But that's basically like building a dossier on everyone.  As technology increases it could be cross-referenced with all kinds of other information, cctv and offline records.  To create not just useful personal profiles but group profiles, behavioral profiles, all kinds of nasty things.   For example, over the course of a life I'd hazard we all do something wrong or embarrassing or indiscreet or unethical at some point.  In a world where everything is recorded and scrutinized (for some people from birth), that dossier is now a tool for control.   What if laws change or the powers that be want to criminalize former freedoms?  How much easier to know who'll give you the most pushback and target them with a lifetimes correspondence keyword searched in moments?   Or - and I'm in marketing so I know this is true - what if they just want to exploit it for profit and influence?  The aggregated information of millions, if deep enough, can be used to shape the way people think en masse, to manipulate their choices and funnel their decisions into a finite set of prescribed outcomes a power might want to guide you towards.
1	I'll assume that in the aspect of Master Yi, the double-strike can "never crit". Combine that with towers that can "never be crit" it forms a double negative allowing the ability to critically strike. For twitch, I would assume something to the effect of since it changes from a traditional autoattack to an "ability". Tower code doesn't account for spells being able to critically strike, since the only other ability that comes to mind would be rammus' ult. Maybe I'm not explaining this well enough, but this seems like the only possibility.
0	Protip: People often say women are "too emotional", but it would be more accurate to say that men have a serious problem dealing with emotion, and they are the ones that have set societal norms. Those same societal norms enforce the "macho man" who feels nothing and never shows how he feels.   Besides not realizing he's  broadcasting  conflicting messages, your guy may not even realize he  has conflicting feelings . Many men in our society suppress their emotions to the point that they don't even understand what they mean, or how to handle them when they do feel something.   The only way you're going to get something out of a guy like that is to ask, right to their face. Make it clear that you won't judge him for expressing himself, but that you want to know. The deep seated fear that by revealing you have emotions you will alienate people and they will hate you cripples many men deep into their lives.   (If you want to know what I mean, look at how High School and Middle School students treat a boy that cries. In all likelihood  those were your guy's FORMATIVE YEARS  and he learned the lessons that culture provided.)   And if your response is that "I shouldn't have to ask, he'll tell me when he's ready?" or "But I should just know!", congrats! You've just uncovered your half of the disconnect that leads to the "I shouldn't have to tell you why I'm upset" response that so many men gripe about!
1	Played a game as swain with 3 friends and a pub. Pub as malphite and I laned with him at bottom. Our eve comes to gank at lvl 4ish, but from what I can remember it was a really tough lane to gank and even for a 3v2 there was a potential death for us (I think our hp was half gone or more). Eve backs off, but malphite must have only seen her coming and taken that as a cue to engage so he starts getting aggressive and gets killed within 4 seconds. By this time Eve's already left bot and past dragon heading mid.   This guy rages and calls Eve a baddy. He plays a little longer and we give a couple more deaths to the enemy team mostly through our feeder Twisted Fate. They push our mid tower down and we try to defend at the base tower, where Malphite inevitably ends up dying. The enemy recover and come back to try pushing again, and this time we successfully defend with just the 4 of us. A little later we realize that Malphite has decided to go AFK. At this point we are really frustrated because we can still manage to hold a push and maybe even turn the game around if Malphite played a little better. I decide that I basically need to take on the rule of being our tank, so I pick up a spirit visage and hour glass. They knock down our turret eventually and try getting our inhib. I ghost in and draw as much fire as I can. Luckily our Irelia was really frickin farmed and could wipe 2-3 of the enemy on her own. We kill 2 of them and start pushing back a little. The dead ones are about to respawn so we take Baron instead of committing to a push. We fall back and try to defend another one of their pushes, this time they kill a few of us and our inhib after catching our TF offguard. Another push later we score more kills while only losing TF.   We get baron again but are forced to go back and defend as they start respawning. This goes on for a while and we basically get 4 barons in a row while only losing 2-3 deaths. Finally we start having teamfights out of base and this is where TF shined because of his ult letting us catch any of them that were straying from their team.  During this whole game, Malphite comes back from AFK to taunt us every now and then .   After our last baron we recall, defend until 2 of our lost inhibs respawn and elixer up. I still havn't reached max items at this point because most of our farm from defending was captured by TF or Irelia. Anywho, we push with most of us fully geared and elixered and finally manage to win.
1	Look into Soraka if you want a true healer. As someone who mains Sona, I can honestly say her heal is somewhat close to a joke. It costs a large amount of mana early, and doesn't heal that well. Sona is VERY strong at long, sustained trades however. If your adc and you keep having skirmishes with the enemy, you'll outlast them no problem. Sona is VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY weak to being engaged on, as her only CC is her E powerchord (Which you typically don't get a point in E until level 4 or 8), or her ultimate. You're either gambling your life with a powerchord, or burning your ultimate just to save your life. Soraka has an AoE silence, which turns into a root if they stay in it at the end. You throw that puddle down and walk away like nothing happened. Nami's E is basically 3 Sona's E powerchords, except applicable on ANY ally, and Nami has her bubbles as well for disengage, counter-engage, or just straight engage if you're good enough. The other main difference is that Sona's heal is not targetted, and I've had cases where it would top of my 90% hp ally instead of healing the 20% one, whereas Nami and Soraka are able to target their heals.
1	This is actually worse than that.   People will always rage in a ranked team game, this is inevitable. Shifting the blame on people is always so much easier than putting oneself in question and improving.   I have a friend that begun LoL (never played a moba before) about a month ago, he directly started ranked games after reaching lvl 30 and ended up silver V.   What did he do ? He created a new account to try again and reach higher because he finds that people are too bad at this level.   This is just... Wrong.   I started league of legend in s3, got silver V after my placements end I ended diamond 1.   Yes, but that took me about 1200 games in total.   What people lack is perseverance and fortitude.
1	You got to remember that levels 1-4 the jungle isn't that strong yet. Sure the big creeps are tankier but anyone who could of jungled in season 2 should be able to make it to level 4. Also if it wasn't for hunter's Machete a lot of champions would probably crumble in the new jungle.
1	its not really respectful to the other pro who was already in the analyst desk  you guys flaming and getting mad because "( insert pro name here) couldnt join at the world, therefore he should be at world analyst desk"  is not very logical move plus its really really disrespectful   for the love of god there is reason why scarra wasnt choose to be there or other pro players   i mean..... if you really wanted to see them at world too bad dude they didnt pass the playoff.... therefore no world for them be glad riot was nice enough to put pro players in anaylist desk   personally i dont think na people will understand how korea team will play and analyze since you guys barely beat them all you guys will do is " OH THATS SUCH A NICE MOVE" or " OH GOD ITS SO GOOD" "LOOK AT HIS MECHANICS PERFECT DECISION" i would rather have a interview with the winnning team just like ogn instead of some boring analyze that you guys cant pull off in rest of your life   i mean you guys love ogn and wants riot to follow like ogn have intro like ogn have tournement like ogn have team like ogn   might as well copy ogn from top to bottom
1	Yes but it pretty accurately shows your "elo".   It doesn't accurately show anything, it translates your position on the ladder to a different number, but that number doesn't necessarily reflect what your ELO would be.   My example would be: If I'm stuck in Silver I at 90 LP, getting +1/2 for a win, but -10 for a loss, I can have an 83% winrate for a period of time while my MMR "catches up".  My league position will stay about the same, as for every 5 wins, I have a loss putting me back to the same LP.  Lolking will always show my score at ~1490, because I'm just shy of gold, at 1500.  Meanwhile, my ELO would actually be climbing, because my winrate is largely positive, and I'll be playing against better and better people.
1	I realized that no one ever mentioned Olaf as a viable jungler I mean c'mon he's one of the fastest junglers out there and with his passive and w he can almost never be less than full health while jungling. Try him out when he becomes free or just use 3150 ip it's not that much. Try him out he may not be as good as ww but in my opinion he's much better
0	Ah, the 'S' trio. Though you should really optimize the order. Shave first, then shit, then shower. That way the shower helps clean the loose hairs and the lingering fecal matter. And you don't want to shit first to minimize the amount of time spent in a smelly bathroom.   Contrast this to the 'ap' trio: Crap, fap, and nap. In this trio the crapping comes first, so that there are no other bodily urges distracting you during the fap. Also, you can utilize the post-orgasm lethargy to fall asleep faster, increasing the amount of sleep you get during the nap. Then when you wake up from the nap, you don't have to use the restroom.
0	I have alternating exotropia and I do the same thing. I guess I am the only one that really gets annoyed when people try to figure out what eye to look at since I only can use one at a time.  I love switching eyes when in class because classmates beside me think that my eye staring to side is looking at then when I am really looking at the teacher. But at last I am finally getting surgery on May 9th to hopefully correct it. I am 20 now and should have has it when I was younger so my brain could adjust to it, but I my family was not told to. Finally I went to one if the best eye doctors and my town and now hopefully I will gain some confidence when my eye is corrected.
1	It sounds like you're starting to get depressed or are (usually if you're tired or don't want to go out almost all the time you may be depressed) and are kinda addicted (though 3-5 hours is not that much compared to real addicts) but I would recommend you to go to a psychologist to get help. Let your parents manage your money and try to find something healthier to spend your time in, like a physical sport (I enjoy tennis for example). You don't have to completely stop playing league but you can start playing less each day until you get to a point in were you are comfortable and you get a hold of your school life.
1	While the changes also seem a bit excessive to me, I think the intentions are good(Plat 2 ADC main and I FUCKING HATE PANTHEON). Its in line with how they are treating long range ults as a whole(TF, Noc etc.). The problem is 100% the lack of counter play to Pantheons post 6 play. It just too face roll to press R from across the map and double kill bot lane. I think they should remove all changes except the ult range. This will allow lanes to ward appropriately to prevent him from ganking, but still allow him to punish lanes that don't invest the resources in vision.
1	free long range poke   That is a lie. Zilean uses mana and his bombs cost 70 mana at level 1. His base mana pool is 260 (with a 60 point increase when he levels). He gets about 5 bombs at level 1 before going oom (not taking into account manaregen). It isn't free and you can use this to your advantage. His whole deal is to poke super hard with bombs and zone you early and let his passive snowball his lane. If you really want to counter his passive, get you and your partner to lane before them and shove early so you get your xp first. If you are a few creeps ahead of your lane partner you will hit 2 at about the same time as the enemy with zilean passive.   Take someone like sona or lulu. With sona you can start with w and heal your partner and you will win the first level 2 trade with your powerchord w onto the enemy carry. With sona's cost on her heal spell you will outlast enemy zilean if he spams bombs and you heal appropriately. With lulu put the shield on whoever gets targeted for the bomb. Build manaregen to keep up with him and his damage will fall off while your utility will still be useful.
1	I always liked the concept of Shen as a tank, instead of being this giant wall or incredibly magical being or an undead monster or a suit or armor; Shen is a "normal" man/ninja he tanky because he protects his friends, his ideals, "justice and peace." Shen is the quintessential opposite of his rival Zed (Mr. Kill the weak, chaos, shadows, death and etc). Shen is a tank by choice protecting his ideals and his friends.
1	Uh... he's not saying your
0	I think the word whore is one of the last vestiges of damaging sexism in western culture because it oppresses women by not allowing them to be open about their sexuality.   You shouldn't "confess" to thinking Taylor Swift is promiscuous, you should feel bad that you think that's a bad thing.
0	I was arrested at my first day of work once:   I was 21 and set to start at the Casino. The casino in my state is overseen by the state police. So they don't do a normal background search on you they can see police contacts that lead to nothing. I know because they asked me about the time I had weed on me, but was not charged.   Anyways I had a warrant for underage drinking that I never showed in court for like 4 years prior and they knew about it. I didn't even think of it at the time of applying. I showed up and they were doing orientation things with me and then they asked me to step into a separate room and left me.   A cop came in and told me in front of the HR lady I was going to jail. I told her "I suppose I lost the job huh?" She said no you can start as soon as you take care of this matter. They didn't cuff me, but did put me in a cruiser and take me straight to jail.   I got bailed out and the next day I drove like 500 miles round trip the next day to the po-dunk town I had the warrant to go before the judge and pay the fine.   The next day I started there and worked a couple years. I quit and went to school for a year and then I was hired back and worked there another couple years.   When it first happened it was some serious pit of the stomach type shit. It was so disappointing, but turned out OK.
1	Kim Jong isn't even popular in North Korea. They praise him at gunpoint so that their families aren't slaughtered and so that they can eat their plate of rice that week.   As for Bieber, he's not any worse than boy bands or hair pop from the 80s. He can sing and dance pretty well, and there's a big market for him to exploit. Just because you don't like him doesn't mean he doesn't have talent. The kid isn't my cup of tea but I admit that he's good at what he does.
0	I'm a horrible communicator, for various reasons. I'm a guy and my natural tendency is to bottle things up (can't show weakness, blah blah blah). In addition to that, with my girlfriend in particular, I try not to tell her when she's annoying me/I'm upset with her because she's not usually the problem. It's just that sometimes ordinary things upset me when I'm in a funk or whatever. What generally happens is eventually I have a mini-meltdown (after acting weird for awhile and she knows something's bothering me) and eventually she gets me to talk and without changing ANYTHING else, the fact that she's willing to listen to me, my crazy behavior, and tell me she loves me and everything, makes it better. Every time without fail.   Just this past weekend, we went to a graduation. We're in college but some younger friends were graduating from highschool. She didn't tell me that her friend had asked her to take pictures of everything so I went there expecting to sit with my girlfriend and enjoy the ceremony and everything. I got there a bit early to save seats and everything. Instead what happened is I sat alone while she was off being the photographer.   Now that's all fine, nothing wrong actually happened. I just don't always handle unexpected plan changes very well and I wasn't in a good mood. So I ended up stupidly upset with her the whole night until we had a chance to talk about it.   None of you needed to hear all of that, so
1	I have limited experience with Aatrox, but I do like Aatrox; He's thematically cool and fun to play as sometimes. The problem I have with him and the reason I don't like to play as him is the cool down on his revive. He really relies on it (more so than Zac/Anivia)to drop aggro, get his damage/CC off, or duel effectively.   I find myself avoiding fights even at points I have power spikes and should be looking to scrap. It just feels bad every time you see an opportunity to get a pick but hold back because you're still waiting on the revive CD. Its not fun being held back by one cooldown so much. Its just annoying. I would gladly give up power somewhere else from his kit to get a lower passive CD.   Its not fun always waiting when you're playing a badass lifestealing all-in based fighter- I don't want to wait I want to fight, but it feels stupid fully committing to fights without it
1	push comps like that are never strong or not strong. the early game is actually where i think they would be the strongeset, because there are never any 5v5 engages where they would have to fight (most push comps actually have a very poor teamfight) this makes their late game actually very weak, but they compensate that by having the ability to just not fight, and permanently push objectives.
0	It probably happens without you noticing it.   In high school, I had a huge crush on one of the geekiest guys in my school. (He liked science fiction, wrote his own computer games, and used three monitors on his home computer.)  I was (am) pretty darn nerdy myself, and he didn't notice me in a romantic way at all--he was too busy crushing on my hot best friend.  A few years later when I got "hot" things changed, but by then was too late--I'd moved on.
0	There is absolutely nothing we can do. We're owned by big corporations. Big corporations, big money, owns both the government AND media. Elections are a sham, because the winner will always be the "Cleanest" corporate puppet that can be found (clean i.e. no skeletons in the closet).   We're rapidly devolving into a plutocracy and we have no method or means to stop it from happening. I'm legitimately thinking of applying for asylum in canada on the basis that our government no longer represents the people of our nation, and I feel my freedoms and indeed my life are in jeopardy if I live here.   It may not be this year. It may not be five, or ten, or even fifteen years, but a revolution will occur if this road is to continue. Highly polarized nation, absolute government surveillance, extremely powerful military, increasingly poor general population, little representation.   All it will take is one movement to gain steam like Occupy, to be put down with more serious force under "terrorism" claims, before I no longer feel safe here. And I don't want to be a part of the rush to leave this hell hole when shit hits the fan.
1	With nunu you buff irelia and azir's as so irelia can do more true dmg and azir can stab more with his soldiers. I havent seen the pick/ban but if they pick urgot/nunu first then azir then skt will find out that its gonna be azir mid. Its just like how uol trapped tsm when they saw the nunu picked with the corki. Theres only one mid laner who scales with ad and thats azir so they made a team that can succesfully kill/play around that azir.
1	I have a handful of champs that are my favorite. When I first started (season 3 pre season) I fell in love with shyv, but at the time she was in a weird place and considered pretty bad. Now that she is I'm a better place I have picked her back up and had a lot of fun with her.   But the real story of my post started more recently. I main jungle, but usually play tanks. I like being the front line and no one else wants to so why not. The problem is that playing talks is like playing support no matter how good you are (I'm not) it is super hard to carry, so I wanted to learn a carry jungler. When I first bought khazix I loved his design (and especially his skin) but I was terrible with him, so I wrote him off. But recently I watched night blue jungle him and decided to give it another try. Now I'm in love, I've spent a few days playing nothing else. I even love playing the games I lose just because I got a chance to jungle khazix, which is weird because I'm a terrible loser.
1	Unlike the MLB however, the big money to be made in esports is in winning major competitions like worlds. The cash award paid out to teams in pro sports is basically nothing compared to their salaries, whereas its the opposite in esports.   You even said yourself that only all "active players" get the same share, how in the name of god was a sub like colalin (a platinum quality girl gamer who is just on the team for publicity) an active player? She played in exactly one match the entire season and they got destroyed.
0	This is why the best way to zip through college and many of those biased GE courses is to tailor papers to the professor's opinion. I once had a polysci professor who told us white males get everything handed to them on a silver plate, so naturally I wrote my paper on how I don't have to work hard because I get everything handed to me.
0	You shouldn't personally be accountable but you should realize that your life as a white man is a lot easier because of both the genocide and the system that continues to treat Anglos better than Indians.   Regardless of how poor you are, being white gives you huge advantages. People are more likely to hire you, you didn't grow up on the rez where people have to deal with a federal system that [continues to fuck them over]( on top of the poverty. The maximum penalty tribal courts can give anyone is 3 years in prison, often less. Congressmen were voting against renewing the Violence Against Women Act of 2000 partially because it "Gives Indian tribes criminal jurisdiction over domestic violence, dating violence, and violations of protective orders that occur on their lands."   >The government did not pursue rape charges on reservations 65 percent of the time last year and rejected 61 percent of cases involving charges of sexual abuse of children, the federal data showed. In contrast, the Justice Department declined 20 percent of drug trafficking cases nationwide, according to the federal figures.   >Once federal prosecutors do decline a case, they seldom hand over evidence to tribal courts, according to the Government Accountability Office. An office report last year also found that federal prosecutors fail to tell tribes that they have declined cases until after the tribe’s statute of limitations has expired.
1	M5 said they had that problem, they also said that this effectively costed them some online tournaments ... i guess CLG.eu at same situation now, they have to choose now, risk small online tournament and save special tactics to big offline one, or other way around. I think M5 did the right choice there, and go the glory of winning IEM Kiev and Hanover. iam sure if they spoiled their super aggressive jungle play before Kiev people would of been prepared better... of it they spoiled their crazy 1v2 urgot bot play ..
1	this is false information.   If you crit check a minion by cancelling your animation until the crit animation shows up, it means you have a window of time to crit THAT specific target only, it is calculated differently for every target.
0	The problem is context. All men are created equal, but that has not been the case for the past several hundred years. To pretend that we are all equal now is wishful thinking. As a country, we are only as strong as the weakest links, and the best way to fix that is by reinforcing those links. A good
0	This will be my first time telling this story on reddit.  Coming home from getting dinner for my wife and I on a rainy night, I'm going about 38 mph in a 35 zone.  Out of freaking nowhere, my window shatters. I had no idea what I had hit, and I couldn't see anything through the broken glass and rain, so I turned down the nearest street and stopped.  Upon stopping I was told by an eyewitness I had hit a pedestrian. I immediately called 911, gave them my information, and in about 4 minutes police were there.  I was on my way back to the scene (which was about 100 feet away from where I stopped), when I was met by officers with guns drawn.  I was told to get on the ground where I was immediately was pistol whipped and had my face forced into the asphalt.  I was arrested and put into the back of the cop car.  I was taken to jail where I was booked for felony assault, hit and run (even though I was mere seconds from the accident and only didn't stop immediately due to shock), and DUI.  The DUI was dropped as my bac was like .01 or something, they just thought I was drunk cause I admitted to having a drink about an hour earlier.  I lost my job working with foster kids, I had to sell my dream car to pay my lawyers and bail, and was in mental agony for months awaiting trial. The lady I hit was given 250 thousand bucks by my insurance company under the condition she refused the right to sue me in civil court later.  After months of bullshit and being drug through the ringer, I plead down to lesser charges just to be rid of the bullshit.  All this after being able to prove she wasn't in a crosswalk, was wearing all black, had a blood alcohol level of .34, and ran into me.  That drunk lady ruined my life.  I lost my life savings, the dream job I had worked so hard for, and the child I had been fostering for over 6 years.  I had to rebuild, and I wish to everything I could sue her.  Things happen, shitty, shitty things.  I'm gonna have to identify with Stacy on this one.
0	When talking about non-minimum wage jobs this is irrelevant because competition for skilled work, competition over employees qualified drives wages up to their market value generally speaking. This means they are more or less paid close to the highest amount of their worth to a company for the work they do. This is in line with what you are saying you want.     When you talk about minimum wage jobs this is different. These are jobs where little to no skill is required, so therefore there is no driving factor of competition to increase wages. Its not that the economy would be better off with paying them more, its that the economy would be better off without the minimum wage jobs and that people would be trained in a skilled labour. Hard to accomplish but since you are talking theoretical and idealistic I am responding in the same. Yes paying employees more money just moves the money off the investor who would also spend it, its not like your straight up adding that money into the economy.       The reason that the investor makes the highest share of the profit of a company is because it is what drives them to make or invest in a business, without that motivation most companies and their products would not have been created. This aspect of capitalism drives more companies and products with lower costs and higher quality to exist. If there are people out there that don't meet any skills to get a skilled job then that is not the fault of the investors and inventors of the world. If you told fast food companies you needed to pay them each $60k a year 1 of 2 things would happen. A. The cost to buy a Big Mac would go up 10x or B. The company would not make enough margin and just close instead.
1	Yes. You are in the Silver League (bronze league, silver league, gold league, etc.)   Each league has 5 divisions. You are in division 5.   In order to be  demoted  from  division 5 ,  your MMR  (hidden rank documenting your "actual" skill level)  needs to drop One Full League below where you are.
0	Pizza guy here:   Amongst our drivers we remember who tips well and who doesn't tip at all. For those who tip well, it makes our day a little better knowing we are delivering to a generous person. We also give them priority. We often get backed up and are sent on several deliveries expected to be at three different places at once. Since this is impossible, we have to make a choice. Who gets a late pizza? The guy who always tips well or the guy who stiffs? And because there is no "30 minutes or free" promise anymore these days, if I know you never tip, what is my incentive to get to you quick? I may take my sweet time driving to you,  in the interest of road safety. In addition since we are allowed to "apologize" by offering customers discounts/ free drinks for "late" orders, I may use my discretion to "apologize" to a good customer who is generous to their drivers. Of course people who are just friendly and polite also become memorable to us.   I guess I should also add that not tipping affects your area, not just you. You don't tip? Okay. Few other people in your neighborhood have the same mentality, drivers start to associate your area with getting stiffed and soon your neighborhood doesn't get the best service it could.
0	I used to have a haupaug ( console recording device thingy ) but decided to sell it since i never really used it anymore.   So this kid and his dad come to buy the thing from me and his dad goes to chat with my parents and i show the kid the haupaug. I show him how to connect it to his TV and his PS3 and record and shit. I even remember asking him " is this what it looks like on your TV?" To make sure they had the same in/output i had otherwise they would have to buy a HDMI cable, but the kid said it looked the same. After showing him everything i box it up for him, his dad pays me and they go home ( got something around €100 for the whole shabang)   So i go the store to buy some vidya i wanted costing around €60, so i had already spent most of the money. Later that day i get a call and it's the kid. He mumbles something and i'm like u wot m9? His dad then comes on the phone saying that thet have a different in/output on their TV and that they would have to buy a HDMI cable and that they wanted their money back.   I tell him i don't have it anymore ( at least most of it ) so even if i wanted i couldn't refund them, plus it's used i aint a store i don't have to refund nothing. After a bit of back and forth he calls me a greedy dick for not refunding them the €100 and i call him an idiot for letting his son spend €100 without checking for one second if it's the right one.
1	Let me put it like this.   I have games that I love and I have games that I play with an eye towards being competitive. Haha.   I play fighters and LoL with an eye towards getting good enough to maybe compete at a "maybe I could take a game off a pro if I got lucky" sort of skill level. I don't really aim for outright pro level since my passion for games is in commentating them.   With LoL and fighters I can play them literally all day without ever getting upset at a loss and I just keep searching for what I did wrong and why I lost and things like that. I don't love these games any less. In fact, since I am fairly good at them I enjoy them more than games I'd be worse at or I am good at but are less challenging. Haha.   That said, SC2 is a game which drives me absolutely batshit insane. I think a lot of it is because it's like drawing or playing guitar and I know what I need to do and I fuck it up and I'm in my head a lot more. So when I lose I stress a bit or feel shitty. As a result, I still keep up with SC2 for many hours a day so I can commentate and know what I am talking about. But when I want entertainment, I do something else. Or play customs in SC2.   I was so focused on SC2 for my casting "career" that, for a while, I didn't play anything else and I'd just sit there sort of forcing myself to try to dig the game. I still keep up as much as I need to for what I use it for, but there are other games that fill the competitive needs I have without the stress and frustration so I play those and SC2 is sort of where I go to work now. Haha. It's not a slight against SC2 in any way. I love that game to death. The depth is amazing and the skill required is wonderful. But it stresses me out to no end to actually play.   So yeah.
0	Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
1	For me a REAL friend is someone I can rely on. Like, when i'm in deep shit a REAL friend will take a shovel and at least try to dig me out. I've got, like 3 REAL friends, and a couple of dozen of acquaintances with whom I hang out, go to movies, play video games and shit like that. I give them the benefit of the doubt, but so far only 3 have proven themselves.
0	I believe that morality is objective, yes. I don't care what culture dictates, there's right and there's wrong. To paraphrase, "if two thousand people believe that something wrong is right, it doesn't make it right." So yes, the wrongness of stabbing people is an unassailable truthfact. If you want to get into the quantum mechanics of  justification , it's anyone's guess: however, there is one right answer, regardless of our own personal verdicts.
0	DM; ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
1	More like ~80-100h a week of playing for 3 months + travel + shitty living + no free space/time + no job security + no job or marketable skills after they're out or when the LCS/LOL shuts down.
1	You smite the blue wraith, do wolves, return to wraiths to finish 'em. Proceed to double golems, smite is already up so you smite one of them finish them and recall. From then you do blue (with smite, as the CD is off by the time you are doing it), wolves, wraiths, golems, red (smite again) proceed to gank.   The only part that differs from lee sin jungle is the golems/red switch at the end of the first path. But once you get Madreds it becomes faster and safer than most junglers.   Shen is a tank/support that is jungling, not an optimal jungler per se, but the overall effectiveness it provides endgame (not leeching exp from duolaning/(thanks to runes and masteries) is better than most junglers.
0	You shouldn't be so quick to dismiss what you call "bathroom humor" (are you my grandma?).  Consider for example the episode of Louie where his pregnant sister wakes up in the middle of the night convinced that she's going into labor.  This provokes a frenzied and anxious rush to the hospital, but once there it turns out that she just had gas and really needed to fart.  This conflates the disparate acts of bringing new life into the world and expelling waste in a surprising way; the tension created by concern for a pregnant woman is is literally released as the pregnant woman rips one.  The fart is funny not just because it's a fart, but because it turns out everyone was preparing a fart like it was a newborn baby.  This can in turn hint at questions about what we find miraculous and what we find taboo, how we draw the lines, the things that knit biological processes together, etc.  Not bad for a fart joke.   Puns, meanwhile, take the phonemes used to construct language and play with them in a way that exposes unexpected arbitrariness or nonsense.  "Hey, that SOUNDS like the right word, but it's not the right word at all!" is the basic reaction that causes the enjoyable surprise associated with puns.  It's my guess that more logical people find puns more enjoyable, because if you approach language as a logical system then it can be fun and subversive to show how slyly silly you can be with that system, a using-its-rules-against-itself kind of thing.  If you're one who's less inclined to be surprised by some of the arbitrary aspects of this human-made systems - yes, "popular" and "poplar" sound alike, who cares and aren't you so fucking clever to notice - puns will be less funny and more annoying or showoffish.   This is not to suggest that puns are mere "play"; puns can certainly be silly and meaningful at the same time.  A classic example of this (from Jokes and Their Relation to the Unconscious) involves a person, when speaking of a wealthy relative, who says, "He's kind - he treats me very famillionairely."  True, this is more of a portmanteau than a pun (and maybe it's better in the original German?), but the effect can still be observed.  Play with words sounds is used to come up with a statement that is silly but also exposes a truth more effectively than if wordplay had not been employed.
1	Here are my thoughts. I't must be Evelynn, her primary role is an assassin. Her passive makes her "Hide". The S is for sins Evelynn represents Wrath as one of the Seven deadly sins. The J is for jungle because she is a jungler who is really good and is seeing alot of play. But I'm still not sure what the  6 is for can you help me out? She also lacks skins only 2 to buy. Also the statement on op.gg facebook was tweeted by a member of riot but quickly deleted it after posted. Please give me your thoughts on who is getting the skin
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	I'm not sure why anybody is surprised at the amount of flaming that goes on at sub-30 levels. It's not like anyone down there (I'd suspect, anyway) has been completely insulated from the general toxicity of online gaming. The flaming that goes on in LoL and the LoL community is not limited to LoL -- just spend a few hours playing CoD, Counter-Strike, Starcraft, or any other competitive online game -- it's just as bad, if not worse. The amount of racist, sexist, bigoted hate is absurd.
0	Well. All we try to do is help people better themselves and help them to avoid looking... uneducated on the Internet. We teach, we impart knowledge, and all we get is abuse, insults, and threats.   So now we just shut the fuck up and let people wallow in their ignorance. And every time someone notices that these people don't have a particularly strong grasp on basic English they are judged, silently.
1	Stay positive. Don't rage.   If I was doing exceptionally well in a game, but my teammates were 4/17/1 and 5/21/6... it would almost seem like a lost cause right?   Well, I've tried to change my attitude towards each individual game and think positively. Consider this, the enemy team has 38 kills on just TWO of your teammates and still cannot close the game. That means either you're doing something right and/or they are doing something wrong or even a combination of both.   Speak positively to your team. "Hey lee, I know you had a rough game, but if you could just peel for me with your kick (or make a good pick with your kick) then I think we still have a chance."   Of course, you'll get people who just don't want to work as a team and you can't change that. You'll inevitably lose the game and you'll be upset unless you keep your positive mind attitude into the next game in which you will most likely win.   Have fun.
0	This happened to me over a year before I started dating my boyfriend. He had built a recording studio in his house and I swear to God (still) I just looked through the photos of it ONE TIME and I don't even normally use Chrome so it's a problem with sample size and now his Facebook is permanently on my top sites. One year later: DM;HS.
0	I think you'd be a fool to argue that physical attractiveness doesn't make sex better. I'd agree that intimacy plays a larger role (although that can vary) but that's no reason to dismiss other factors entirely. I say this as somebody who just dated a woman with a practically flawless body, although the sex was average at best. It would have been worse without her being beautiful, though. And actually, the intimacy was pretty good too--it was factors beyond attractiveness  and  intimacy that caused problems.
1	14-17 blue to purple win rate...   Any strategy you run on blue can be run on purple, the only difference being dragon control. Not to mention that many teams who really think two minutes ahead (re: not CLG) are running lane swaps into 4v1 dives into dragons.   So yeah...blue versus purple really overrated. You saw TPA 3-man invade red buff as blue team 3 times in a row.
1	Yes, but I'm kinda worried about getting banned because I get reported as someone who is 'refusing to communicate', which is probably what would happen after a while. And if I leave the chat the way it is, I have to somehow participate in it at one point in the game. So, either way, bans are a 100% sure thing to get, no matter what. huehuehe   No, seriously now, I have made very good experiences with at least trying to lead by good example and make the players come down from their tilt/rage and tell them to stop worrying and flaming and that we still have a chance (obviously doesn't work if we get stomped hard for 20 minutes straight). If it wouldn't be so darn tiring to keep up with those kids I'd do it in every game.   Oh, and making calls if you are doing well is good too and most people will listen to you if you are the best player in the team of any given match. Also complimenting by saying gj or wp to people who make a comeback after they've died a few times can work wonders too.
1	I think WW has support potential, but I don't think he's comparable to other more typical supports.  The reason I say that, is because most good supports have renewable cc (i.e., lulu cc, leona stuns, nunu slow), big auras (sona auras), or big sustain or other buffs (soraka heals/armor, nami, etc).  WW passive would pretty much go to waste as a support, as you won't have the levels or items to really utilize it like a lanewick or a jungle ww would be able to.  WW's Q is pretty much useless as a support, due to it's high mana cost and being item dependant to really have much of an impact.  It could be useful for some early agression in lane, but I see it as easily counterable and not comparable to some better poke/harass champs like lulu or sona, who can do it more often and more safely.  WW E is not too useful because he won't be the one looking for kills in a fight - it'll have occassional use, but not often.  His W is strong no doubt, but I feel like that's all he would be good for - that and item auras, but you can item aura any champ.  His ult I think is too risky for a squishy support to be using effectively.  It's a good ult, but there's better support ults available.  I think Malzahar would be just as good of a support - ult is just as good, maybe even safer, and he has a huge AoE silence!  Other than a terrifying kill lane, he would not make a good support, I don't think.  Overall, not a bad idea and could be fun to play around with a WW support, but I don't see it being as good as some other supports.  Rather, I do think his W is very strong if you're building a team around buff and protect your ADC.  Maybe like a nunu support, a ww jungle, a gangplank top and a vayne ADC - that's still sort of a gimik comp, but I think it's more viable if you're looking for a good way to synergize buffs and whatnot.
1	On Ori I usually start with faerie charm, ward and pots, then build charm into chalice most of time, especially if I need magic res, if not Morellonomicon or tear are good pick ups. You don't need 2 mana regen items, if you get blue buff and Athene's/Morello/Seraph it is enough considering mana and mana regen. After Chalice I usually buy tier 1 boots, then get Fiendish Codex and finish Athene's and Sorc Shoes (unless I need even more mres/cc reduction, like vs Veigar I'd build mercs), then I start building towards Zhonya's. You can try building RoA as mana sustain item if you find yourself closer to fights. It depends mostly on your playstyle, I like having my Ball close to max range or on someone in the middle of the fight, usually I stay back in fights and rarely am in auto attack range. I'd build tankier, with RoA, if enemies can easily reach me and Zhonya will not save me most of time or if I get close enough to toss autoattacks in fights. If I am ahead I build Rabadon's first, if not I find zhonya good vs both AD and AP, the active is plain ridiculous. After mana sustain item, boots, Zhonya's it gets situational. Against opponents like Diana or Akali you can try building Abyssal, so that if they get in melee range you can deal some more damage to then and you also have additional magic res. If you see that enemies are getting mres build void staff, when they are stacking health liandry may be a good pickup. If you already bough, let's say, Athene's and it's too late to get RoA you can pick Rylai's for some additional hp, the passive is not the best on Ori, since all her damage is AoE and she already has a slow, but I find the hp can help immensly survive some bursty champs, unless they are incredibly fed. Other tanky option vs magic assassins can be Banshee's. Rabadon's is of course great if you can afford it, gold and defence-wise. If you are getting focused your last item may be something like GA, if not, and you don't have it yet, go for hat. You can also go for some spellvamp, either WotA or Spectral Wraith if you want some more health sustain and they are not really bursty.
0	I would say a few things. First, I would note that I generally would prefer less choice when it comes to the logistics of my life--I would often rather be in a situation where I receive benefits that I am certain are of at least moderate quality without having to spend a lot of time weighing opportunity costs and wading through the details of the 30 page contracts of 30 different companies.   More significantly, though, I would suggest that security services are unlike other services in that they do not just provide benefits to the subscriber, but impose costs on unrelated third parties. You as a consumer might well benefit from hiring a force that is known to occasionally deploy excessive force or harsh interrogation techniques of suspects. But as someone who might be walking down the street and harassed by your hired goons, I might have a conflicting interest. It is in this sense that I would rather have there be some sort of neutral third party rather than for-hire security.   And, just out of curiosity, I would love to know more about the details of private security. Say that you suspect I have stolen some property of yours. Can your security forces detain me? Do I have to respond to their questions? Do I or those who were at the scene have to provide evidence? Say the thief dropped their wallet and a bystander picked it up. Do they have to turn over that evidence to you for inspection? Even if it isn't clear that it is actually the thief's wallet?
1	Not really, they ban you for ruining other peoples games (AKA being toxic) and this guy made it clear that he was doing it to ruin other peoples games.   The problem is that just because you can turn off that feature does not change the fact that it was done with the intent of pissing off everyone in addition to the fact that unlike ignoring someone it is a lot less clear where the solution to that problem would be and if you are annoyed at some asshole spamming emotes odds are you aren't going to be the greatest thinker in regard to finding the solution to it hidden in your settings.
1	Hmm maybe you should mute him and grow up? Casting a blanket statement over an entire league because you got a toxic player, c'mon son. I assume you're a low silver player and don't believe you belong there?   There is just so much wrong with your post I don't even know where to begin. Riot didn't make League of Legends with the intentions of every player being Master tier. Bronze isn't a stepping stone to Silver, it's a place below silver where players that are  slightly  less skilled get placed. I could go on all night, but it's not really worth my time.
1	I think people are misunderstanding about the Traditional Skins. First, they are not the old skins. They were made similar to the old skins but NOT really the all ones (this means Riot spent their money to make them). Secondary, I think the Traditional Skins were made to sell to players, the diffirent look might be a reason, because new players in the future won't recognize them they will likely buy those traditional skin because of the diffirent looks (I'm looking at you Traditional Leesin).
1	Most simply, you can't.     You get decent at a champ at about the rate at which you'll get enough ip to play them, so even though you can buy champs for rp you won't be able to use them (it's more for impulse buys)   Runes can't be bought with ip.   Rune pages can be bought with ip, but it takes mastering a few roles being level 30 and having runes to fill the pages before this is relavent to you.   Masteries are can't be bought, free, can't get them if you want to.   Levels are free and can be sped up but you level really fast so there's no need to.   Skill can;t be bought.  This is most important because runes and masteries aren't game changers.  They are more of minor modifications to help shift the way you play, and champs need practice before they are worth playing.
0	I went to a big SEC college. The school provides a student section to keep us separated from the rest of the fans (we're known for being rowdy).   Some parents find it completely acceptable to sit in the middle of it with their young children.   One time at a big rivalry game we were (unknowingly) sitting directy in front of said parents and offspring. my friend's sister's boyfriend was loudly talking about fucking the mascot of the other team (jokingly and in great detail). The father got up tapped him on the shoulder and told him to quit saying innappropriate things in front of his children.   Pat ignored him and the guy tried to get security to remove him but the gaurd ended up making the father leave because he wasn't allowed to be in the student section. It was very sweet vindication!
1	Watching replays of a normal high-skill game, sure. But watching a replay where they're trolling out of control?     Mechanics: really can't be learned by watching at all, imo, except that you can learn "oh I can flash over that wall" or whatever. But beyond that, it's practice and natural ability.     Game knowledge: what game knowledge can I gain from a team that is playing to be "funny" rather than to win? Should I copy their Rengar, and and invade the enemy's base in the first minute? Should we copy their early-game strat of blowing their flashes for absolutely no reason? Sure, maybe they did some legit stuff in there too I could learn from— but how can I fucking tell what's a good idea and what's trolling?     matchup knowledge: again, when they're trolling, it's not that helpful. We actually went even with them for the first few minutes when they were running a normal botlane, but again, they were trolling, so I have NO IDEA whether that's meaningful. Did we have a better early game matchup, or were they just playing badly on purpose to make us think we were even? Were we actually playing on their level for a few minutes? I have no idea.
0	Here's the thing Supercub   People on the internet are all internet tough guys/gals   Or better put, they all envision themselves doing the 'right' or most heroic thing they can possibly do in every situation. Instead of understanding that not everyone is able to do that safely. In many cases the reason people are apathetic to the plight of others is that good deeds are often paid for.   Most people aren't these heroic figures for a reason after all. It's easy to imagine what you could do when you aren't there. It's also easy to imagine how it could all go wrong for the would-be hero in the situation.
1	I live in the UK, and we use a system called RM on school computers. During my work experience I did it in the media department so I got to have an admin account for the school. And from what i learnt from using it is that you can have specific "accounts" on the network blocking them from certain sites.   For example: Game sites are banned, but there are a few sites that are not blocked.   Child A gets caught playing on a game site so you can block his account from said site.   Meanwhile Child B is also playing on this game site but doesn't get caught. Goes back to look for a new game and the site isn't blocked, whereas it is for Child A.   Edit 1:  This also works for specific rights, such as downloading. So you could (not sure what country you're from so dunno what software your school uses) ask the IT department to create accounts for the club giving the rights to download and play he LoL client. obviously firewall issues and shit would have to be sorted too but hey, i'm not the most advanced person when it comes to networking
0	As someone who spent a good 10 years trying desperately to convince an uninterested father to love me, I say good for you for knowing when someone is or isn't worth your time. My dad also left when I was a baby and my mom raised me on her own. I wanted so badly to have him in my life, and from the ages of 18-28 (met him when I was 18) I invited him to everything, ignored pain and insult, and flat-out forgave him time and again for not doing what he said he would. He even RSVPed and got all the way into town (6 hour drive for him) for my wedding, chickened out at the last minute, and didn't show up (or bother to call to say sorry). It wasn't until I had my own child that I realized I am not willing to let her feel the same pain, and I cut off contact for good.
1	Maybe riven needs a hitbox witdh nerf? Or elitist Riven mains could stop complaining about quality of life buffs. And another thing, your #3 point is stupidly ill informed everyone knows to weave autos in-between q casts.
1	I'll see your idea and raise you my own...   First it might not be popular but I think the best thing is to actually take prizes out of the equation. Instead what you get is a team record that shows your points and play against teams at your level for that weeks events. There are also achievements for doing things for example making all your matches on time Mordekaiser IronMan achievement or going on a league winning streak while also increasing your ranked 5's rating earns your team the Katarina Voracity achievement.   Format: Simple automated systems that allows for self contained 3 team Bo1 round robin matches. Reporting is largely or entirely automated as is match making and lobby forming using tournament code. Teams are matched with like teams within their tier using snake seeding across the entire pool of entrants. Team captains get an in game message with link to a draft players and optionally reserve players. A second in game message then goes to all captains showing their opponents team lineups.   Points System: 1 point per on time appearance per match with a full team of starters. 2 points per match for a win. 1 point for a loss. At the end of a period say once a month matches are played out and teams get their points recorded and a rating assigned.   Prizing: Get a record for your team and have at least three matches per week against teams at your general skill level. Have some achievements based on your play and sportsmanship.   Costs: Development costs to improve the client and website backend especially storage and sorting of teams on short notice. Need a better announcement or persistent message generation/status. My suggestion is a streaming website dedicated to this venture on each platform probably comprised of three VPS instances (sort and report, achievement, record recording and display). At no time does this system touch the actual ranked 5's data except to read data on the team from Ranked 5's.
0	When you drive you are controlling a 4000 pound projectile traveling up to 70+ miles her hour. You are single handedly steering a machine capable of killing multiple people, so u better be in a proper state of mind when u do it. This includes alcohol and other drugs, distractions (cell phone, music, passengers), emotions, lack of sleep, and weather.   I see people here saying they can get a little high and drive an be fine. It's not you I care about, it's me, my family and anyone else you have the potential to kill. Bottom line if you are going to drive, then drive. Don't text, drink, fight, smoke or anything that takes your eyes off the road because the second you do, you have unleashed a massive, lethal killing machine unto the world that is controlled by no one but chance.
0	People need to know how dangerous this is. I was driving my Tahoe (full of equipment so my blind spot was worse than it usually is).  I turned on my signal, left it on for a good 30 seconds as looked around to make sure the lane was clear and slowly started merging.   Because my rear view was blocked I didn't see the ass hat in a piece of crap Honda that he thought was hot shit that felt like he did not want to be behind a truck that was traveling the same speed as him. He had accelerated and matched my speed and successfully hid himself in my blind spot entirely. If he hadnt laid on his horn (as he kept accelerating, instead of changing lanes or slowing down when the considerably larger vehicle started merging) and I hadn't been forced to swerve back into my lane, he probably would have destroyed his car, done considerable damage to my truck, not to mention damage to about $100,000 in delicate TV gear I was carrying in the back.
0	Upvotes are a function of time that when graphed, is an asymptote that approaches zero as time increases.
0	You've got some good answers already but I'll try to add some detail about how this process works.   Most likely in this situation the waitress took the credit card from the table to a credit card terminal, swiped it, and entered the amount to be charged without any tip. The terminal talked to the credit card issuer and returned an authorization for the amount entered, and generally for some amount more - the business is set up as a restaurant, so tips are normal, and the authorization includes some additional leeway for the tip, which is unknown at this point.   The waitress brings the receipt to the table and the diner fills in the tip amount and the total on the receipt and returns it to the waitress.   At some later point in the evening, the transaction is brought up on the credit card terminal and the tip amount is added, but at this point is just in the terminal.   AT THIS POINT nothing has been actually charged to your card. Your issuer has just  authorized  the charge. At the end of the night, the establishment closes and someone goes to the credit card terminal and submits a "batch", meaning all the authorized charges (plus tips) that happened during the day. Some previously authorized charges may have been "voided" from the batch which means although the card was swiped and an amount entered, the business decided not to charge the card for whatever reason and so those authorizations are dropped and not charged.   The point is, the initial swipe doesn't actually charge your card, or even guarantee the actual total.   What seems to happened here is that during the "later point" the amount entered on the tip was changed from what the customer indicated. When the final batch was submitted it included the inflated tip amount. The only proof of the tip amount is the signed receipt turned in by the customer. That's why credit card companies require businesses to keep these on file for a period of time.   If a customer disputes a charge, the business generally has to produce the signed receipt showing the final charge or else risk having the amount refunded to the customer.   The issue here is that on the signed receipt the customer put one amount and the waitress appears to have changed it and entered the higher amount into the credit card terminal. So if the customer disputes the amount, the restaurant has the receipt with the apparently altered amount. This is where it will become a he said she said event and up to the parties involved to figure it out. I'm trying to explain the process without focusing on this dispute.   I work with this stuff part time and realize that not everyone understands that "swiping" your card isn't exactly the same as "charging" your card so I hope this explains it a bit. I think an educated consumer is the best kind, so hope this helps someone understand it a bit better.
1	Predicting stuff is something very hard. Just like predicting a WW II. Nowadays it's easy to say that it was too obvious to predict, but at that time, nobody would expect hitler going on rampage and trying to build an empire. Quit being an asshole, future is something very hard to predict.
1	To be quite honest, it's pretty sad that we have to attack people over stupid things like a VIDEO GAME. There are how many other things we can do other than play League of Legends 24 hours a day, and yet people feel so entitled to this FREE game (which, yes, a lot of us have put money into, but still, we didn't have to), that we constantly demand reparations for a wrong-doing against us. We sound like we're back in the 1960's fighting for Civil Rights.   A lot of us have known for months now that for some unknown reason, every time Riot patches this game, bad shit happens. It happens every time, never fails. Is this a problem? Yea, more than likely this shouldn't happen at all (especially when we have an active beta that tries to fix these issues BEFORE the patch goes live), and Riot should really look into this more often. But still, people act like this game should be 100% working, 100% of the time, and it just can't happen. Sure, it shouldn't be as broken as it is, but if it is, WORK AROUND THE PROBLEM.   People are complaining that their favorite champion is broken. Guess what? There's 95 others just waiting for you to learn their mechanics! Sure you may not be doing exactly what you want, but you're still playing the game, and that's better than nothing. As for compensation, if you're expecting it, you may as well just bitch to your hearts content, because no amount of talk the other way will ever change you. You can't expect anything from a business, ever. They're in it to make money, and, as said before, most other companies will NEVER take the steps Riot does. When Diablo 3 was essentially down and unplayable, did Blizzard do a damn thing for you? As far as I saw, no, they didn't. Riot doesn't HAVE to give you anything. They're already giving you a FREE product to enjoy. Blizzard made you pay 60 dollars, and didn't even consider compensating you for their server issues.
1	Having played quite a bit of the old akali she seems kinda clunky now. My bias aside she is very similar to katarinas play style with resets and jumping all over the fight needing to snowball somehow. But with now having to auto attack makes it much harder to get the resets due to the extra time out of shroud.
0	As somebody who actually was suicidal, and am on antidepressants, it's not what it sounds like. It doesn't make you want to commit suicide, it gives you the initiative. I don't really know how to explain it, but when I was off antidepressants I wanted to commit suicide, but I had no drive for it. For example: You're brain is that one friend who is betting you to do something really stupid. Normally, you would be like "Fuck that, bro." But the antidepressants come in, and are like that one friend that is always saying "Come on bro, no balls! Pussy! Do it faggot!"
1	This. I fondly remember a Solo Queue game a month or so ago that I'd prepared to take very seriously, only to have both members of our botlane go afk within nine minutes, one after the other (they were 0-6 by this point already). Realising that there was no hope of winning, myself and the two remaining guys called out in all chat that we basically wanted to see if we could make it to the enemy nexus obelisk without getting "killed" - it  had  to be an execution.   The best thing was that three or four of the members of the other team actually joined in, with us all dancing and spamming taunt at mid without attacking each other (prior to us racing to make it to their base). Needless to say, we let them push and win by 23 minutes, and we all actually had fun, without letting the fact that it was a Ranked game get in the way.
0	I am not going to pretend I know the plight of impoverished African-Americans, because I don't. But I can tell you what my parents went through as first generation unskilled laborers who spoke no English.   They came to US with my grandparents right around the time Mao was [fucking shit up in China]( and the majority of Chinese were poor, hungry and ill-educated. My parents were denied a higher education - they never finished high school - something my mom in particular resents to this day. They were put to work and if you expressed your dissatisfaction with the Communist Party or Mao himself you would suffer the consequences. You know, the shit that China is famous for nowadays, the repression of dissent by the evil CCP.   Staying in China was seen as a dead end, so my grandparents went to the land of opportunity looking for a better life. But having no money, no skills and no grasp of the English language meant they had to work at low wages in Chinese restaurants. Anyone who's worked in the restaurant business can tell you about the long hours. Despite the long hours my grandfather made artisan kitchenware in his whatever time he had left. He was also very tight with his money. Legend has he wore two pairs of shoes in his lifetime. I've seen the last one, with repairs fashioned out of old tires.   So in ten years or so he has enough money to open his own restaurant with a business partner. Mind you he also had to support seven children. My parents were married at around that time and not long after my dad also had his own restaurant. I was born then, and I spent most of my childhood living  in  the restaurant. It also meant I had to help my parents out when I got back from school. They were also so busy (worked 16 hours a day, 365 days a year) that my siblings and I raised ourselves. I didn't have many luxuries when I was little, but I had a roof, food and clothes so I couldn't complain.   But we made it, in part because we couldn't just watch how hard my parents were working to give us a better life and just throw that away. We got thru college thanks to scolarships and financial aid, graduated and got good jobs. When my brother got married a few years ago, he thanked our parents for giving him the opportunity to accomplish what wanted (he's a doctor now and the first in our family to graduate college) and recounted what I just wrote here. I think that was the first time I've seen my dad shed a tear and my mom was practically wailing. Well, I went way off tangent. But we were far from privileged.
1	I'm one of those awful ragey girlfriends too, who's yelled at my boyfriend in games to the point where he started questioning if I even wanted a relationship with him, some of the things I said were just that downright repulsive. Best way to deal with it in my opinion is tell her to just mute her mic, mute Skype if she really needs to, and just yell at the screen until she's gotten it out of her system.   If you don't actually talk all game because of it, so be it, but I can guarantee you she doesn't really mean 98% of the things she says, it's just the frustration talking. Not hearing her voice for ten minutes is better than being verbally abused for thirty, plus the damage it does to your relationship. All the talk about changing attitudes and calming down just doesn't work for some people (myself included), no matter how many promises she makes and how many hours you spend talking about it.
1	To be honest, Riot should just start being smart, and make it so when you enter queue, you can choose what roles you are able to, and interested in playing, and put together a standard meta setup on the base of that. This would further encourage people to pickup supports, cause if there is a lack of supports in the queue, the people ticking off "interested in playing support" would get through the queue faster.   This also ensures that people who are going to flat out troll if they dont get their role, have the option of waiting a little longer to be sure to get the role they want, thus reducing trolling.   This system is something World of warcraft already uses when using the dungeon finder, and I think it's brilliant.   The only downside to this, is that it locks the meta into jungler - top - mid - support - ad carry, however, I personally find that a fair trade for a pleasant experience in solo queue, rather than the thing we're stuck with now, where I am currently avoiding solo queue, simply because it's filled with trolls and unpleasant experiences all over the place - and I'm not even stuck in elo hell (1650+ elo).
0	The military outsources a lot of stuff in Afghanistan. Contractors do a great deal of IT and telecommunications work, logistical and transportation support, the construction-type stuff you mentioned, etc. Most of them aren't even Americans.
0	As somebody who went the opposite direction you did (dirt poor to top 5%, back to dirt poor again which is where I currently reside), I can say that this is bunk.   Sure there are times during my journey when I was quite well off, I had a few real solid "those old times were the best times in my life" moments. Stress happens no matter your net worth, and people usually tend to have a "grass is always greener" mentality when thinking about old times.  People generally remember the good times, and how much "easier" things were back then when they weren't burdened by the stress of current problems...but we tend to forget about the troubles and heartache that was happening during the same time frame.   I started in my early years after highschool by living in a government assisted set of apartments with my mom, helping to take care of her while working a minimum wage overnight job at a place where I stood a 5% or so chance of being robbed each time I went to work.  I then started making money online doing what I REALLY wanted to do, and had huge aspirations.  I moved into my buddy's house, and was sleeping on his living room floor every night for about a year until he went off to college.   Sure, I had some great times during that time. Looking back on it now though, I can tell you that my perspective is definitely 'filtered'. I remember my old '89 mustang, and how broken it was...how it would overheat in the parking lot when I left it running to pick up my tiny paycheck from work. How I couldn't afford to get parts of it fixed, so I would learn and fix it myself. In my mind NOW, these were great times, and brings a smile to my face...but I can tell you, back then, I wasn't smiling. I wanted out. That's why I was working SO hard doing my online thing - because I just knew if I had money and was successful, I'd be happier.   So I worked very hard over the course of a few years, and I finally made it. A company saw huge value and potential in me, and took a chance on me. I moved cities after I was hired, and right into a sizeable two story house in a great neighborhood. Already, I was feeling much better about my situation. But, I didn't stop there - I kept pushing. I was working extra hard, started getting bonuses, and moved up to part-owner over a period of only a couple of years.  At this time, I was making well into 6 figures a year, and was having a great time doing it.   Then, I decided to venture out on my own, and start my own company. I moved to a different state with my girlfriend at the time (who had just had my child - a beautiful 1 year old daughter). I was making 20k-50k paychecks with maybe two months of solid work between each one. I was living in a 2800 square foot house on the 7th green of a golf course on a peninsula overlooking the beach. My office was in the top story, and each morning I would wake up at 7am, make some coffee, feed my child, and head upstairs to work. I would put in a solid 8 hours while my soon-to-be-fiance was taking my child to parent meet-ups with other mothers to places like the zoo, the beach, etc.   I had everything I ever wanted, and then some. My past was nothing more than a fleeting memory. Sure, sometimes the stress of supporting my whole family on my own at such a high standard was hard to handle sometimes, and I won't lie that I started to think of my old life as "easy and carefree". We as humans tend to do that, as stated before. But, all in all, I was happy to tell anybody that not only did having a great deal of money make my life easier, I was happy to share it with my new budding little family, who was also grateful and happy to have it.   But then...some terrible shit happened. The story itself is quite shitty and somewhat unbelievable. To make a long story short, my fiance left me, and took the child with her after telling me that she hated me and fantasized about sleeping with other men. I had to watch her drive off with everything I hold dear in a brand new car I just bought her for Christmas (she left me 2 days after I gave it to her).  I was crushed...sitting in a new state with no friends or family..I didn't know what to do. So, I packed up a few things and moved back home.   I lost all feeling for money, and for work. I didn't care anymore. My job was neglected, and professional bridges were burned. The funds dried up as I slowly slipped into depression. The new (and much smaller) house I started to rent down here in my home town started to suffer from uncut grass, holes punched in the doors from severe depression and anger...suddenly, I couldn't pay my bills. Still didn't care though. After only 4 months, my lights and water were both turned off. I was living by candlelight, and wasn't even eating.  Needless to say, my Internet connection was cut before this, so I couldn't do any of my work.   Lucky for me, my old friend was within walking distance. Walk over to his house every day to do what work I could to try and take my mind off of things. Doesn't work...I get kicked out of the house, which at this point was a total and complete mess. My life was in shambles. My money was gone. The old company I used to work for had since dissolved since I left, so there was nowhere for me to go. No "middle rung" I could catch myself on. No friends in my industry anymore.   So...here I sit. I am literally in the same house I started - my old buddy's house. I'm currently sleeping on the floor in his room. I've got about 60 dollars to my name, managed from a PayPal account from a prepaid card (since all my other bank accounts were overdrawn and closed). I haven't seen my daughter in over a year, or even talked to her because her mother is doing everything she can to keep her from me. I am completely broken, and I'm starting from square 1...and my depression is keeping me from really giving it another go.   I'm currently 28, I don't pay my own bills (because I can't). I got picked up for my first job at 20..so needless to say I've been poor, rich, then poor again in a pretty short timespan.   To the original point...I can say, without question, that I was happier from a direct correlation to how much money I had. I could provide better things for my newly built family. I felt accomplished to live in the luxury that I had built around myself. At no point did I feel like I was "sad" for not being able to afford bigger and better things.   Money made things so much easier for me. If I had my old job back and was making the same amount of money, I could afford a lawyer to get my daughter back. I could afford to stop mooching from my friend. I could afford my own food for crying out loud.   It's not always about "stuff"..and for me, it was never about being less than happy for the things I couldn't afford...it was always about providing the best possible things for the people I care about. Regardless of my personal problems, if I was still making the same amount of money I was annually when things started going wrong for me, I would be 100x happier than I am right now.   For those of you who think having a great deal of money won't make things better...wake up. It does, but not for the reasons you think. If you're some spoiled asshole who wastes it, sure..you may be sad about the things that you can't afford. But for me and my overall situation, I was much happier when I didn't have the stress of not being able to buy gas, food, etc..I was much happier when I knew that I had worked hard enough and earned my place among those who didn't have to look at price tags.
1	keep in mind everyone while this is a fun/good video, the p values of each team's chance to win is based on fan vote, and obviously popularity plays a large part in the bias portion of the teams probability to win if you use these values.  While the community is good at choosing a victor based on performance, the community is also heavily biased in that some subset of voters vote for their favorite team rather than team that is more likely to win.
0	Canadian here: I find that almost every foreigner I've met has integrated within one generation, if not two. I mean, if they weren't willing to embrace Western culture in some way, they would have stayed where they came from.   Here's what I've observed:   European immigrants: have little to no difficulty integrating because Canada was pretty much based on their cultures to begin with.   Asian immigrants: They seem very willing to embrace our culture and fit in pretty well.   Middle Eastern immigrants: Pretty similar to what ManningTheHarpoon said: the ones I interact with are usually the second generation immigrants who still care about religion, but have absorbed so much Western culture that integration isn't an issue.   African immigrants: Seem to be very respectful of our culture and integrate pretty well.   Edit: Hispanics are definately chill as well. I find that they love to share their culture and broaden our horizons in such a way that it isn't shoved down our throats.
1	that's hilarious bc i just played a game where i didn't ban malphite right bc everybody knows there are much higher priority bans. So this guy flames that i didn't ban malphite, then picks zed instead of an ap champ. then he proceeds to die to malphite and those are malph's only two kills in the whole game. meanwhile i go 8-2 as graves and rape malphite and the rest of his team. at the end of the game zed says he was the best on our team and hopes i learn to ban malphite bc he's so op.
1	America. I don't make you say United Mexican States or Dominion of Canada. I realize that is no longer the correct name for Canada, but my point stands. It is not necessary to say the full name of the country, especially when the country is commonly to referred to as such.
0	If you want to mod a laptop you're going to have a bad time.   Ram and HDD are usually user replaceable in most windows based laptops. However if you want to upgrade your GPU/VPU and sound chip in your lap top forget it.
0	No, you're not a racist, but your conclusion could be argued to be racist, only it's probably not your fault. We gather information and extract experience from what we percieve as normal/not normal, which is often defined by what is most/least. It's not so much that all white neighbourhoods are good, it's just that there is a higher frequency of troubled black neighbourhoods than troubled white neighbourhoods.
0	I worked about an hour away and was overqualified for a shitty job. I got fired on Thursday. I updated my resume and ran all over town introducing myself and turning them in. All day long I got the "thanks well call you" nobody was gonna fucking call. Finally the last place in town. I walked in and had a 20 minute conversation with the owner. He ended with well I will call you Monday. Well He didn't call... Fuck that, I showed up Tuesday morning at 7:30 and said put me to work I'll show you I'm not a loser and I know what I'm doing. I got hired today at probably the best job I'm gonna have for the next 10 years.
1	You made one thought error. The pre Fizz ban ratio was the ratio that was unpleasant and due for change. The ban ratio as soon Fizz was out would be the wanted ratio. That would mean that (according to your numbers) 8 bans at 116 champions would give you the wanted ratio. (8/116 *100% = 6.9%)
1	In my experience it's the most toxic game mode ever done. Not only cause everyone spams in all chat "easy noobs", the picks are always the same (And of course the most OP things). The first 2 games were fun, but every single game after that was a punishment for me, so sad my friends for some reason loved it...
0	As a physicist, I commend your solution. It's simple, elegant and logical. As a bonus, I have heard people of getting speeding tickets for going from one toll station to the other too quickly (Time is logged), so yay, real world application.   The only case I would ever take points off is if I specified, "Calculate if the person was speeding during the trip using X method". Open ended problems are meant to be open ended for people to think creatively and find the optimal way to solve it, or just pick the way they prefer. If I wanted my student to solve a problem a very specific way, you bet your ass I will explicitly tell them what method to use, or write questions such that the easy way to solve the problem is with my method in mind (and simply laugh at people who did it the hard way).
1	So not to be off topic but in the interview TheOddOne mentions that ryze-maokai is weak against a morgana-shyvana is this true? Junglers aside (I love both of those jungles btw) Ryze wrecks morg in my experience, as in I consistantly get first or second blood as ryze in that matchup. Admittedly I am not anywhere near what would be concidered high elo, but still...
0	First off, just for full disclosure, I hate Apple's other products (iPhone, iPod, etc) because of their locked-down nature and the way they basically "license" the product to people. And I think their desktop machines are worthless. But when it comes to their laptops, I have mixed feelings.   The last time I owned a pre-built desktop computer it was a Packard Bell 486 DX/66. Honestly, with how easy it is to build a PC nowadays, there is no excuse for buying overpriced computers from Dell, Apple, or any other big manufacturer. Unless you are ordering large amounts of machines for a business environment, where uniformity and mass RMA's are needed on a regular basis, there is no reason to not build your own machine. I was able to instruct my girlfriend over the phone on how to upgrade the HDD, Videocard, and RAM in her mother's computer without any prior knowledge of how to do it. I was able to instruct my father, who has little experience touching the inside of computers, how to replace his motherboard, mount a CPU, and install RAM and a videocard (full upgrade) over the phone as well. If a 65 year old non-technical man can do it, so can you.   As for laptops, I have mixed feelings. In my mind, Apple laptops are just another brand of laptop. They use the same basic parts as a PC laptop, all they do is run different software. So in the end you are paying for the name (Apple), the look (this is the most common thing I've heard "Mac's just look better"), and the operating system. My real issue with Apple's laptops are their price. You aren't paying all that extra money for anything you can't get on a PC Laptop running Windows in the end. As good, or as bad, as you think the Mac OS is, in the end you are getting the same machine. Personally, I'd rather pay 1/2 the price for a windows based laptop that is infinitely more compatible with the world than an Apple laptop. If that means that I have to replace it twice as much, then it all evens out in the end anyway. And that way my hardware stays more up to date as well.   Also it really comes down to what you want to do with that laptop. If you want to game, and are looking to buy a desktop replacement machine, then buying an Apple laptop is going to disappoint you. If you are just going to use it to take notes in a class, or for internet and word processing, light video editing, etc, then an Apple laptop might be fine for you. Just don't freak out when it costs more than a new PC-based laptop to repair.   Source: I've built my own PC's since 1997 and have run a small business building PC's since 2000.
0	My boyfriend and I were sitting out on our porch the other night with our roommate as he smoked a cigarette, when we noticed a kitten in our neighborhood we've never seen before. He seemed freaked out by all the cars, and had a tag, since we'd never seen him before we felt bad about leaving him out on the street, so we took him inside, with the intention to call his owner the next morning. But as we were drunk we kept debating whether he was actually lost or just an outside cat. Around 4 in the morning he woke us up because he was fighting with our cat so my boyfriend took him and threw him in the backyard, so he at least wouldn't be on the busy street. My roommate saw him out and about the next night, so hopefully he's just somebody's new cat.
1	I remember when Spirit Visage and Randuins gave decent health regen, FoN was still in the game, and spellvamp didn't exist. You basically just built Mord as a tank with max magic pen and his health sustain came from health regen. Randuins gave decent CDR and with Spirit Visage's 20% you could hit cap, have over 200 armor and mr, over 400ap and max magic pen. Sadly everything about that old build has been nerfed or removed and not because of Mord (I think). At least they buffed his ult, it used to only deal damage over time and could be easily QSS'd but now if you are good enough you can finish off your target in one shot.   He's really not viable anymore though, his kit revolves around being immobile but super tanky (passive). With all the nerfs he's gotten, along with his old item builds (tanky + massive health regen was always better than spellvamp) being nerfed he really can't 1v2 or 1v3 as easily unless he gets super fed. No one with half a brain lets a Mord go to mid game without at least 3 or 4 deaths unless they have a lot of cc, in which case it doesn't matter how fed Mord gets they'll just pop him before he can get his shield up and ult off.
0	I get people who act like this, and 9 times out of 10 it's simply because they think they're better than me because they have a job making $20 an hour pushing paper, and I work for minimum wage in a retail store. But you know what? It doesn't even bother me, because when you treat people like that, you only set yourself up for failure further down the road. People take things for granted, then down the road when they lose their job and they are then the ones working retail at minimum wage they think, "Why me? What did I do to deserve this?" I can tell you that when someone gets a taste of that medicine, the amount of respect they have for people who work retail goes through the roof.   I approach every single customer the same way. It doesn't matter if you are a regular customer I've had for months or if you are a new customer. It doesn't matter if you have shown your ass previously or not, when you walk back in my store, I treat you with the same level of respect as if I have never done business with you before. Everyone gets the same level of friendly service and respect. However, on that visit when you show your ass and berate me, that's when I refuse my service and tell you to take your business somewhere else. It gets under their skin so bad, and most retail management will back you up on your decision, long as you have proper reasoning behind it. At least any retailer I've ever worked for does.   I'm not saying you can tell someone to go shop somewhere else because they are irate because a product they purchased had missing parts. I'm talking about if someone comes in harassing you, putting your company down, starts swearing, etc. With the company I work for, respect goes both ways. I will always show you the utmost respect, but when you start disrespecting me, that's when you get escorted out my store, I'll happy put your items back on the shelf, and you can have a wonderful day and take your business to the next closest location.
0	I lied and said I'd lost my virginity at 17 with my first serious girlfriend. My next relationship was with an older woman, it never progressed to being sexual, she said we should wait, then she slept with someone else behind my back who sent me a picture he took of her. That hurt a lot, this relationship was entirely true. My next relationship involved a lot of fooling around but we nver crossed the finish line, she had issues. The next relationship broke me, I let her walk over me and immasculate (sp?) me, it started out as a normal relationship and I just didn't have the self confidence to argue with her or fight back so I let her use me for money, room and board while she kept switching between me and her ex who she was obsessed with who kept dumping her. A cycle of abuse.   Edit:
1	I just wanted to say I have a lot of respect for you taking the time to do this. There are a lot of Redditors who like to act tough and call you out and personally attack you with regards to the system, but we're lucky to have someone who isn't afraid to respond to these comments in the brutally honest fashion you do.   Seeing the "Smites" as they've been coined, is very interesting and provides a realistic view of a lot of the community's lies. You put up with a lot of hate/blame, so thank you for doing that.
0	It would be better if you wouldn't generalize every atheist off of your personal encounters, or any group of that magnitude for that matter. As with all communities there are always going to be those assholes, it's inevitable, but further inspection would show you that most people in any given community are mostly of well intent.
1	I was hoping a post like this would appear. IMO, this subreddit starts drama so often... They may not have over-reacted, but everyone just took it as an opportunity to tear someone down, and bring out the pitchforks. It was kind of upsetting, and made me think that a lot of people didn't read froggen's entire reply. He said that he should have handled it better, and that there is a lot of stress involved in pro-gaming, and also that he was mostly just surprised they didn't know him, because as several people pointed out, the pool of players at that elo is quite small, and they usually have played with each other enough to at least know  of  them.
1	Contrary to popular belief, spectating is extremely lightweight on the data side of things. No graphics are transmitted, just the game state itself - champions, their items, positions, skill usage, and so on. Essentially, everything that happens in a game can be compressed into 1-3 megabytes - also the size of an average LolReplay file, for this exact reason.   The bottleneck here would be your mobile phone's ability to take that data and display it as the spectator client would - this would require running the game engine on said phone (impossible since it was not written for such platforms), as well as storing all the game assets (graphics, sounds, etc) on the phone... And nobody wants to download 3.5GB of that onto their phone.
0	I'd like to think I'm an alright guy. I'm not horribly messy, but I'm not a neat freak. I stay up pretty late or get up fairly early, but I don't make much noise. All I ask from my roommates is that they not wreck the place or otherwise make life difficult in the form of being loud at night or burying the floor in their dirty laundry and garbage.   Throughout college, I never once had a roommate that I stayed friends with after we moved out. Normally I'm of the opinion “see an asshole in the morning, that person's probably an asshole, but if you see assholes all day, maybe YOU'RE the asshole, " but I never once managed to have a roommate who respected me, my things, or my privacy.   Now that I'm out of school, I live alone, and my blood pressure is the lowest it's ever been. It's not terribly conducive to helping me deal with my depression but it's a hell of a lot better than the state my mental health was in when I had no private space.
1	I think so far literally any champion that has received a visual upgrade did  not  see changes for their other skins. (Correct me if I'm wrong.) However, I have heard talk of them updating the other skins for trundle and possibly a few others, as the change after his visual upgrade was significant enough to do so.   However, these were cases of  visual  upgrades. A lot of champions over the years have received an updated classic splash art, and this has literally never meant for any change to their other skins.
0	I find that I'm too oblivious to pick up on those signs. I've basically trained myself to think that women don't actually want me (which is quite self-destructive, I know).   It's not really that irrational though. It's come from years of experience of thinking that a girl is flirting when she's not, and thinking a girl is not flirting when she is. In all my college years, I've only gotten it right  once  twice.   The thing is, I'm not an idiot about body language ... I've just for whatever reason become really adept at noticing when people  aren't  interested, rather than when they actually are interested.
0	I believe it. Almost every person I personally know who uses "the word" in its most pejorative sense has had, or secretly desires to have some sort of homosexual encounter that they enjoyed or imagine themselves enjoying. This scares them and they dislike it about themselves, therefore they must dislike all homosexuals as loudly as possible in order to not have a complete world view breakdown.
1	I think you have failed to realize or read what I have discovered in a very short period of time. Several different popular North American ISPd have had their users report of issues. (Bell, Shaw, Time Warner) Additionally, EUW is having a very similar problem. Now if it WERE that simple, the issue would have been resolved within a few days of its appearance. Yet here we are, you with your unlimited pool of expertise and problem solving and I with my problem.   I have already stated that both of those changes can be made to somewhat fend of this monster of a problem. HOWEVER, it is much like the "band-aid" RIOT was referring to; it is just that... a temporary fix.   Now, with your exquisite professional experience I think you might agree that with a program's release you would want as many people to be able to use it with as little resistance as possible. In doing this, you would want to say that with certain operating systems there will be no issue in using your program. This becomes a great deal when designing a game that several hundred people will use. What are the specs of the computer of the average user? What settings will the average user have on their computers? Will they know how to change what is necessary to change in order to use the program? So you're saying that in order to use THEIR program (LoL) I must do all that? In the business world, that is too much. Your proposition will be denied. We would like an efficient program please!   Finally, if this were the approved means of adjudicating this predicament why doesn't Riot simply announce this is what you have to do if you are using ONE out of said TWO ISPs that are being affected? Well, my friend there is our problem: IT IS NOT THAT SIMPLE (my fear)
1	No, that's not how most people think, but it may just be due to selective bias on my part.   Japanese people (as a whole) are generally considered more racist than other groups of people around the world. In the past couple weeks I've been in Japan, I've gotten an uncountable number of ”外人” whispers between friends or elementary school kids yelling ”いけめんや” as I walk by (I'm in Kyoto).
1	Bard is a champion that won't shine that much in competitive play when the team wants to play 2v2, he'll be good in 2v1 and so on I believe. He brings he a giant amount of utility to his team but he provides very little damage.   His auto's early game with I believe 15 chimes give you a 25% slow which eventually becomes a Cone, then it increases to 45% slow and to a larger cone. Keep in mind to keep upgrading your passive you must collect Chimes.   Bard is a very peculiar champion in solo queue right now because in Solo Queue people rely a lot on early game leads especially in lower ranks to simply tilt people or close games faster. Bard's gamestyle is difficult to master not because he is a mechincally difficult champion but he is a champion that relies a lot on good decision making. His ulti can be a straight game changer but landing it is easy the problem is making a good decision.   Bard's main problem is laning he is pretty weak in the lane compared to most champions today. Annie, Leona and Thresh which are the most popular supports today completely destroy him in lane. You all in Bard he dies, now Bard at the same time can sustain very easily in a lot of lanes but he isn't that good vs All in champions. Bard can also really turn ganks around with a two man stun that lasts 1.5 seconds + (depending if you are leveling up your stun or not) which alone is crazy. I think in time people will appreciate Bard more but right now he's in a funny spot.
0	Im gonna have to say that a herniated disk with four other slid an inch or so into your spinal cord is probably the worst pain anyone can possibly feel ever.  I was stupid and made the mistake of playing ice hockey and American Football (for those who dont know its the one thats like rugby but more hitting more often) in the same season. After checking a guy in a game his stick caught my skate and I fell very oddly on my back. I had already been having back trouble but I could tough it out. Well when I hit the ice it felt like someone had stabbed me in the spine in four different places. I layed there in shock for a few seconds before I got up and tried to skate to the bench. Thats when things got really bad and I began to black out from the pain. I fell yet again on my back (I hadnt learned my lesson yet) which is when I heard the pop. By know I couldnt see and I must have screamed or the reff must have heard the pop because all I remember was trying to crawl off the ice then the paramedics loading me onto a back board then waking up in the hospital. I must also add that Vicodin is a hell of a drug.
0	I used to think of this a lot when I was younger and it would freak me the fuck out, because I'd start to think about different things such as language. For example; what if not only our eyes saw different things, but our ears heard different things? So when I say one word, it actually sounds different to someone else and they think I said something totally different. In their response to what I said, they'd say something relevant to what they thought I had said, but I'd hear something relevant to what I had actually said myself. I would freak out because, essentially, I thought we were all alone in the world, unable to communicate with anyone but our own minds, and it scared me to death. But then I figured that's a part of growing up. Of course, now I just know I was a weird child.
1	Assuming you are good and not the feeder)  Then the enemy team has 5 players and you have 4 players and 1 good player.  now the enemy team then has 5 players which would mean they have a higher chance of getting a good player (no matter what cant be better then your assuming) and a higher chance of getter worse feeder lame players who have no desire to get better.  but you have 4 people that can be better (but not better than you cause you have to be the best overall)  and less of a chance to get the feeder people.
0	You're falling into the trap. When a thug in uniform murders a civilian it is wrong. Got nothing to do with race despite the media and government wanting to portray it that way.   It is cop on civilian violence. Fascism. They are desperate for this to become a race issue. While the people are divided they are less powerful and therefore it is easier to remove more rights in the name of security and further militarize the police.   Police are public-servants, employed by the citizens to protect them and preserve the peace and good order. They aren't supposed to be an unaccountable paramilitary force. They aren't supposed to kill unarmed civilians - no matter what race. [They are not supposed to incite violence and attempt to turn peaceful protests into riots.](   The United States and many other countries needs to get back to the basics of what policing is about. Unfortunately I can't see this happening soon.   In the meantime the police are becoming even more heavily armed. Ask yourself why that it is. It isn't to deal with someone allegedly selling cigarettes. Furthermore if you really want to get into it then ask yourself why the PNAC* document discusses weaponizing space to deal with dissent. Dissent, not terrorism, dissent. They won't need thugs in uniform to deal with uppity protesters moaning about their rights.   (*PNAC being the Project for the New American Century established in 1997 with members Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, and Paul Wolfowitz at the helm - incidentally the same document (written in 2000) said there was a need for new Pearl Harbour to push through the needed changes ... then came 911). : "Rebuilding America's Defenses: Strategies, Forces, and Resources for a New Century" called for unprecedented hikes in military spending, American military bases in Central Asia and Middle East, toppling of non-complying regimes, abrogation of international treaties, control of the world's energy sources, militarization of outer space, total control of cyberspace, and the willingness to use nuclear weapons to achieve "American" goals.  Any of this seem familiar? But I digress ... 'Murica!!   Back on track - nobody is safe. Not even veterans of the Iraq war who were willing to put their lives on the line to, in their mind, fight for freedom. The elite are happy for them to do that abroad while they set back and count their blood-soaked dollars but not so happy when these same people want their rights acknowledged at home.   Google 'Marine Scott Olsen' who was shot in the head with a projectile fired by cops in Oakland 2011. That didn't get too much attention because it is kind of hard for Fox so-called News and the like to handle that. A veteran being attacked by police? WTF? Then there was Kayvan Sabeghi. Another vet. Beaten to a pulp and left in a cell for 18 hours despite telling cops he needed medical attention. Fortunately it was caught on video and he was compensated.   Read about it here:   Watch the video of these thugs attacking Kayvan Sabeghi here:   and   Apologies for the wall of text.
1	actualy, without Nunu, Willump would be nothing   He would be just wild creature ready to kill anybody that steps on his way.   Nunu was the brave kid that was prepaired to thake that challenge - The challenge to tame Yeti.   But on the other hand Nunu would be nothing without Yeti too - no powers, no strength   [
1	Due to ADCs tending to be very weak in the early game they have to focus quite a lot on positioning and farming. Since they are already against 2 people they already have to trust their support to manage anything coming their way while at the same time trying to stay ahead. Because of this ADCs tend to have little map awareness and rely on their support to fill this role. This is increased by the fact that other lanes all have greater map presence (Top usually has TP, mid is in the middle of the map, jungle is present in every area of the map). This makes supports, junglers or midlaners better for shotcalling as they have a wider view of the map.   While true in early game the idea that an ADC could shot call late game also is difficult. While an ADC is a primary damage dealer in fights they also tend to be high priority targets and the weakest defensively due to defensive stats from many AP and Assassin/Bruiser items making midlaners fairly durable. Because of this they have to focus on their positioning 100% of the time and when they can advance. The best ADCs are usually known for their amazing positioning keeping them out of the main fight while still dealing large amounts of damage.   The only ADC I imagine would make calls would be Uzi back when playing for Royal Club. Their entire team however was based around protecting the ADC something which very few teams can pull off well and left them open to predictability strategically as the team would always rely on Uzi. While teams setups like the Juggermaw can be used the ADC is often not the shotcaller but more a trigger waiting to be pulled by the shotcaller with the shotcaller also focusing on calling defense for the ADC while he focuses on positioning again.
0	False. It doesn't even prevent gun crime. Gun crime in the UK went up 89% in the decade following your gun ban.   Oh and as for violent crime in general? Went up 77% the decade after the UK gun ban. The UK is literally the most violent in Europe, and more violent than the US.   And you can't do mass killings with a knife? Well maybe not quite as many as with a gun, but still plenty.
0	Not all pit bull owners are irresponsible, in fact most aren't.  But, a very high percentage of irresponsible dog owners (at least at the parks I frequent) own but bulls.  And when you try and confront them about their dog being overly aggressive, them ignoring their dig entirely, or anything else, they think you are discriminating based on breed and won't listen to a word.
1	One note on his early game damage [...] Buckshot is severely overestimated [...]  [...] but he just doesn't compete with the higher damage early game caries.   Hm thinking some more about his buckshot, you're right: Fitting his "shotgun theme", it's more of a  team-fight skill , but can't compare to other champions' single target damage.  Assume you could pull off a buckshot which is point blank on 1 target and 2 bullets each hit one additional target [not that far fetched, given that each shot has 1100 range and no damage reduce after passing targets]. Suddenly you're looking at 255 + 2 x 170 damage (= 595) at char level 5 - even when not assuming point blank [=>510], that's very good for a level 3 skill.   > Remember that bruiser is a build, not a role [...]   Thanks for your explanation on the whole topic :-).  Although I'm still thinking of the  advantage  of using Graves with such a build. As  ZeMar  damage, initiate a fight or apply CC.   While Grave's range isn't exceptional, you still outrange some AD carries [Sivir & Kog'Maw without W] and are "just" 25 below Vayne, Corki, Ezreal, MF [leaving Cait, Trist & Ashe who severely outrange you]. It's not great, since you  want  to use his E as attack speed steroid instead of an escape tool, but more tankiness wouldn't change that problem - get in, get CCed, get jumped and you still have problems.   Overall I'd say, being near the enemy will "only" drastically improve your buckshot damage and give you a few AAs more. While you will have 30 free Armor/MR, it's imho not a big enough advantage to justify sacrificing some of his damage.   But I'll give it a try - perhaps I underestimate your ideas. And you're definitely right, that he's one of the few AD carries how can pull of a AD bruiser build.
0	TD Bank did this to me 2 years ago.  They also had an overdraft allowance or some shit policy which they described in lamence terms as "well allow your card to go through to spare you the embarrassment of your card declining".   Before anyone says anything of "keep better track of your finances", I was.  I was told they could connect my student checking and student savings account so if one was to empty the other would cover the expense to prevent overdraft fees.  They could also email me if I went under a threshold amount, say $20.   I never a notification, I never had my account draw from my connected savings during Christmas shopping, and ended up getting $200 in overdraft fees which I paid and then argued to be refunded at various local branches.  My usual branch said they could only refund one of them, so I went to the branch by my school and they said they could drop $70 off, but I should really have this fixed by my usual branch, which I returned to and argued more until it was refunded.
1	Now I'm pretty low elo. Silver badge, 14XX. I don't really lose my lane or  **  up in teamfights or whatever, and i never ever feed, but thats beside the point.   I'm basically a bad player and I know it. and I know I can do better, if I spent more time improving my game, learning from my mistakes, or if I moved out(live in a rural area, get horrifying pings all the time), or If i watched high elo streams more often than i already do, or if i quit my job and school so i can play more than one game a night at 2 AM after being tired from work and finished studying or (insert random excuse here.)   However, I do spend ALOT of time observing people, and I spend alot of time observing their motives, and why they act the way they do. I observe them doing stupid things, while yelling at other people for doing stupid things. I see people yelling at people in champ select, then watching that "unviable champ" get fed and carry, and watching the guy who followed the meta and who watches streams feed. I spend alot of time looking at retards on the forum complaining about elo hell.   It all makes me very angry.   (it even has a cute pitchur :D ) andyeah the rest of the posts on my blog are outdated and  ** ty but in my mind I have disproved ELO hell. however, Feel free to tell me why I'm wrong.
0	I tend to do this, but it isn't a good way to live. I have ADHD, which leaves me unable to actually focus on the assignments until the very last minute, at which point hyperfocus seems to kick in.   You spend most of the time slowly building up your stress levels because you aren't able to make progress on the assignment, lose many hours of sleep by staying up "to do work" which is never done, and then even more time the night before pulling an all nighter to churn out an acceptable paper.
1	No, when we talk about Cop being consistently mediocre we do not talk about playmaking potential. Deft and Rekkles never makes plays and is still considered top tier in their region.   Cop's consistency comes from him never trying to do difficult tasks, since he never challenge himself he would never be good, and since there are effectively no challenge for him to overcome he would not have failed either.   A more detail example is that Deft can probably consistently maintain 80% uptime with his skill. Doublelift can consistently maintain 65%, but would rather challenge himself to hit 80% like deft does, but since he is not as good as deft he occassionally, one out of five times for example, drops to 30%, because he makes mistake. For Cop however, he can only stay 50%, but he does not try to challenge himself and instead stay at 50% what so ever, that is where his consistency comes from.   In fact, TheOddOne has been a lot more consistent than Amazing but apparently the later is overall a better player.   So, please, stop the "consistent" hype-train of Cop, when he has NEVER, EVER, been good.
0	Man reminds me of when I used to work security at target.   Basically, I was just bored enough to be on the ball other wise I'd be standing around watching a wall.   Well, since I was paying attention, I would catch a lot of stuff that the cashiers missed in carts (things on the bottom rack, things that should have been bagged sitting under the child's seat, etc). So, I'd point them out (not receipt checked, just mentioned it. 99% of people would realize it was a mistake and go back to pay for it). And afterwards I'd have a little chat with the cashier when they weren't busy to make sure they didn't do it again.   I did this enough that the store manager noticed and had the security manager promote me to team trainer. Anytime something came up (new policy, new form of theft, whatever), I was sent out to fill in the crew.   Well, the front end manager (GSTL for those in the know) hated it. I never quite got why. Maybe she thought it undermined her authority with other people. Maybe she thought it would look bad every time I pointed out a mistake because it made it look like she was incompetent. I didn't really pay attention to her because it wasn't my business.   But, unbeknownst to me, she got so petty she had people spying on me. Trying to find when I fucked up so she could call me out on it. Unfortunately for her, I was literally the only security guard in the district that gave a shit. I was actually commended by our district guy because I'd be sent out when I had a day off and another store in the area was short handed (I needed the cash so why not). Every time I went through I got a ton of praise. Hell in one store I found that their jewelery section had all the locks broken. The security manager didn't know about it because the uniformed guys never actually checked. Got to the point that people would call from around the district to ask for me by name.   None of that was particularly important though, but it kind of goes to show how little she had to ding me for. And I'm just saying this to show how petty this next part was.   So one day, the store ended up buying food for the staff as it was the holidays and they wanted to acknowledge that people were working hard. One of the floor managers told me about it and said I should go get some lunch. So I go by, grab a pretty reasonable amount of those potatoes from shakeys, a piece of fried chicken and two small pieces of pizza.   Not 2 minutes later, I hear the CLACK CLACK CLACK of her heels in the hall and the very loud banging on the door of the security room (it's where I was eating talking to my co-workers while my boss was on the phone next to us). My boss opens the door, and without any regards to who he was talking to on the phone, the front end manager screams "THESEEKEROFBACON, I HEAR YOU'RE TAKING ALL THE FOOD!!!"   That point, I literally lean back to show her the plate I had barely taken two bites off of. Turns out her spies told her I was eating and she thought I was mooching. My boss stared at her and she begun to realize how hard she fucked up. She quietly stated, "that food is only for floor employees, next time don't eat without asking."   At that point, I knew better than to throw gas on the fire and mention that I was given permission while she was in the room. So she scampered off.   My boss finished his call, asked me what the fuck was going on and I just explained that I was given permission to eat and I didn't know what was going on.   She didn't last too much longer after that.   Apparently, she got chewed out for it, started taking it out on the other employees because I was pretty much untouchable at that point and had a moment of realization that everyone was starting to hate her. Which would have been fine. But, in her usual state of delusion she thought it was a good idea order everyone to stay for a few minutes after they clocked out to apologize (I wasn't there that night. She was just apologizing to the people she didn't have beef with that she was taking out her frustrations on).   Welp, word got back to management, went up to corporate and she was fired shortly afterwards for making employees conduct business after clocking out.
0	Former waitress here.... we used to have people tell us about how much they loved the ranch, and what the recipe was.  We were told never to tell anyone and to "play it off as being home made".   One day I had gotten into it with my manager because I hadnt had a day off in about 3 weeks, she released next week's and again no day off. I was flustered and went back to my tables.  I had this woman who it never failed would ask for the precious ranch recipe, usually at least 3 times per meal.  This lady made mention of my grumpy demeanor, it rubbed me the wrong way.  I tried to just walk away but caught myself half way to the kitchen turned around and said "enjoy the hidden valley", my mgr heard this and she came running from the back.  I quit that night, but had to deal with the owner who said that a little lie never hurt anyone.
0	People need to be more aware of what they are purchasing... Standard blu-ray and dual layers are giving so much space that mastering engineers are now able to send uncompressed audio to be rendered in the film (rather than what we would hear in say... a DVD or television)... it is a BLESSING, audiophiles rejoice when you get what is called Dynamic Range...   Dynamic range is part of what makes you love the solos by pink floyd on your vinyl more than the radio... why you jump in the theater watching Paranormal Activity ... I, for one, am stoked that my sound system now feels more like an at-home theater system, and you should be too! (also, a lot of blu-ray players will let you adjust your limiting... I suggest you try it)   Also, please don't confuse this argument with that of what commercials do... they use a limiter to max the audio out so when you get up and leave the room it's still loud enough that you hear it while grinding coffee in the kitchen.... it became illegal in 2011, but nobody has hired anyone to watch over it... so it's just another bill/law congress is clueless about
1	Well, ganking isn't the only thing to do in other lanes.. You can as well just go pressure them, chunk a bit of their tower or even get it.. Ward enemy buffs and jongle is rule n1 imo, can give you easy kills and even games.. Push all lanes eith your team and go for dragon or smthing. Also if its mid game, if you kill someone imediately call for baron, its just so much easier to kill than most people believe.. Also, there are some champs who fall out late game, so if you have like leblanc,garen,ezreal etc in your team, pressure them a lot!!!   But most of all, dont do stupid things bro!!! Stay with your team, all together if possible and then youll be safe, transitioning to late game..
0	This couldn't be more true.  I read an article recently (Consumer Reports?) that suggested you're better off saving your money on that all wheel drive upgrade option, and instead buying a spare set of premium snow tires and pay to have them swapped out every six months.
1	I agree that you are stupid to not have doublechecked it, I agree that Riot shouldnt just send you automated copypaste messages, however its not Riots fault that you fucked it up. I suggest inventing a system like steam - you have to confirm the gift. I dont know if you got your shit refunded, (
1	I think pro streamers should be able to do so, but not any random streamer! many times ive missed Scarra's streams and some other pro streamers simply bc i didnt know their streaming schedule! so if they could make a post in advance, say ~2hours before they start the stream, that would be nice, since these posts tend to hit the front page in less than an hour!
0	My CEL is because I put an FSZE in my Mazda Protege and I can't get the FSZE ECU just yet, my codes are weird and even though it is technically in safe mode, I'm still getting 30mpg+ and the torque curve is awesome.
0	Funny story about my grandmother and brother.   At this time I was 7, brother was 5, cousin (male) was 12, and grandmother was 70 something. My brother at this age has an obsession with saying the word penis. It's Christmas day, I'm playing a new computer game (Jurassic Park: Trespasser), and my brother and cousin are watching. My grandmother comes upon us with one of those hard plastic massaging objects.   She asks, "Anyone want a massage?"   My brother (5) without hesitation: "MASSAGE MY PENIS"   My cousin and I die laughing. My grandmother leaves.
1	Jungle Cho does work, but there are so many better choices for both Cho, and the Jungler.   I understand why you would think Cho would be a good jungler, he has pretty good, if not great, sustain in his passive, his ult seems tailor made to kill minions, and he has good CC. However, this is not enough to combat some of the drawbacks of Jungle Cho.   The main disadvantage of Cho, IMO, is his low movement speed compared to other junglers (also he doesn't have a gap closer). This makes clearing the jungle slower despite him killing creep camps at a moderate pace (not factoring in Feast since junglers don't care as much about clearing camps after lvl 6, more ganking). More importantly however, it makes him prone to counter jungling and losing to the enemy jungler.   Without the speed to get to camps in danger of being stolen, an enemy jungler could easily come in, take a few camps whilst completely avoiding Cho'Gath, and get out, seriously hindering Cho'Gath, while Cho can't even counter back for the same reason.   This also gives him less dragon control, resulting in easier dragon kills for the enemy, worth quite a few champ kills in gold. While he makes up for this with easy Feast steals, he does not need to jungle to do this. In fact, he would have better dragon control if he was bot, since he would be closer to dragon on average.   Also, although his CC is strong, his knock-up is iffy at best and easily dodgeable by an attentive enemy, his silence is only close range, and, as stated earlier, he has low speed and no dash so he can't really give chase unless he lands a Rupture on the run which any Cho can attest to being an arduous feat. Since you have to put the rupture in front of the enemy, it is even more visible, and sometimes, you just don't even have enough range to do that.   His long cooldowns on his spells also hinder him from being a dominant force when trying to clear jungle fast or ganking, since after blowing his Q and W, and maybe an R, he has to rely on his relatively weak autoattacks to kills the enemy, made even harder due to his slow chasing.   Some of his roles such as being extremely capable of stealing buffs from the enemy and not dying ever can be used as effectively whether Cho be a jungler or not.
1	How come Riot never posts on these kinds of threads?"   Because we're at PAX atm! But seriously though, just know we see your suggestions and these kinds of posts are great for getting insight into what you want from our game. Thanks for the detailed thread.
1	Hi, I'd refer you to the comments below (and suggest you actually read the post properly! The
1	well first things first: if you roll a dice with perfect balance point 6 times you do probably not get 1,2,3,4,5,6 in the first 6 attempts.  simply because its to little tries.  same goes for this mode even if you would have every champ and play the exact amount of games the % to get each champ once in theese(current 123) games is almost 0%.  why becaus its part of the "theory of probability".  you would need to have almost endless amount of games to get a decent enough % of champs but the most important thing in that is that every player would need to have every champ as well.  aram is a fun but indirect stupid mode because its "all random" which is wrong because noone can get a champ someone else has already, so the chance that everyone gets any champ another one got is 0%.  if you would play with 10 people everyone does not have a single champ and they would play aram together everyone would get 1 champ from the free week without any champ beeing doubled, which is the first bad part of "all random".  2nd its not random if it only chooses of the champs you are able to play, that is why "aram accounts" are a thing that should not be allowed.  aram should always choose a champion from any champ in the game.  and there is another problem because of the thing that no champ can be doubled.  who gets to be the one who "first picks" his champ and who will be the last one?  for excample if someone really has only the free week champs(no matter if some of them are bought or not) but this person only has 10 champs the random factor can choose from.  as soon someone else "picked" a champ from that pool the chance of getting one of the other champs increases although it still should be 1 out of 10.  this ofc goes on up to the point that it could be 1 out of 1(almost 0% as well but that is a different thing).
0	I don't find that justified. Getting paid $75 a month, to not get your sister out of shitty situation. That's not cool.   Let's assume OP is telling the truth about everything. This means she's a druggy. Ever wondered what caused that? Maybe it was the anal brother who misunderstood her. Maybe it was the cheating husband, who for all we knows is a douche. We know he is cheating on her. Who knows what else he has done. Unless OP knows everything about this guy, which I'd assume he doesn't considering he just found his brother in law was cheating on his sister, the husband could be the cause of her addiction and problems.
0	I recently had this asshat blow a red light as I was going through an intersection; he cut me off as he turned in front of me.  A short distance down the road, he turns on his right turn signal.  I'm thinking he's either going to turn at the light or pull over (perhaps he realized what he did and needed a moment to collect himself).  So he slows and starts pulling to the right hand side of the road--looks like he's pulling over, so I start passing him when suddenly he jerks his car to the left and makes an illegal U-turn RIGHT FUCKING IN FRONT OF ME AGAIN.
1	Teemo!   He is super viable due to him being able to fuck up many top bruisers and from 6 he doesn't really need wards.. you can still buy them to make your map awareness even more op, but not necessarily needed.   It won't come to teamfights if you play with one of his really cute skins (e.g. the bunny, astronaut, panda). The enemies will either watch you all game or hunt you all game and they won't be able to catch you because you have shrooms, your passive AND move quick. The global taunt makes it easy for your team to splitpush and win the game while 5 enemies hunt you through your jungle.   His laning is extremely strong in blind pick since your team will most likely pick a bruiser top which you can shut down easily with poison harass, blinding dart if they jump you and then you can continue attacking him if you have the potential to kill him while you're still safe, just kite him or run away with move quick. If you play top against a ranged ad or ap you can still be on the safe site and farm well and sometimes when the chance is given kill the enemy, for example Vladimir will be easiest to hurt in the early levels when his Q cooldown is still high and you can harass him with E very well.   You can even play the ad carry role even though this has to be practiced to do extremely well, but most ad carries which don't rely on spells to much in lane will lose in fights due to blinding dart. For example Ezreal will still be able to attack you with Q and W while he is blinded and just run away or shift away, while Ashe is pretty much chanceless as long as she's blinded because all her damage will be one volley which equals probably one or two of your auto attacks.   Mid lane is playable as well since the lane is pretty short but has many entrances you can block the enemies with your shrooms from lvl 6 and run away with move quick again. Seem pretty strong these spells, don't they? A lot ap's will rely on their cooldowns to deal damage to you. For example a Morgana. You can easily bully her out of the lane through dodging the dark binding and just hitting her with your autoattacks.   Your enemies won't really be able to counterpick you if you play draft pick because you have the possibility to build everything with different strengths and success. If they pick Malphite top to counter your auto attack spam you can either rely on your magic damage early on by building malady or wit's end. If they pick something to counter your ap damage, just try to skip the items and go for phage or something similar. Phage works extremely well on Teemo due to the slow proc which will bully the enemies even harder.   His snowballing is exceptional. Once you beat your enemy out of lane he has a really low chance to get back into it. You can simply be the big bully little Teemo is and harass the enemy extremely hard once they get near your small minion friends. You can once you beat him farm extremely hard by controling the cs and killing him, or push as well even though there will be a bigger part of the map that has to be covered by mushrooms if your team doesn't do too well and you're behing their outer turret since the enemy will try to gank you as much as possible then. Global taunt will eventually set in and your team can push the other two lanes to victory.   Other advantages are his incredibly cute skins, the point that Riot simply loves Teemo and that he's a damn Captain!   Sorry for the wall of text, but i hope this showed you that Teemo is by far the strongest character in the game ;).
0	Bullshit, I ran into one of my bullys at my 20 year highschool reunion, and he picked right back up where he left off. He started laughing and said we should have gotten a locker there to stuff me into for old times sake. I told him that perhaps I should just retrieve my handgun from the parking lot and FUCKING kill him. I think the way I was trembling and smiling made him nervous as he shut the fuck up and suddenly went to the other side of the banquet hall.  I knew I shouldn't have gone, bit I thought maybe people change and that it would be good for me to see that. Whole experience set me back :-(
1	A thousand times this. Nothing bothers me more than when a jungler, after a gank (and in a situation where we aren't pushing the tower), stays and pushes the lane. Taking a few last hits is all right since I understand that he needs to make up for the time he wasted, but I hate it when they just chill and repeatedly attack minions. All the time I've spent positioning the lane where I want is now wasted, and BOTH of us are going to end up missing CS.   For example, a frequent occurrence is that I'll be bot and the jungler will gank. Then both enemies will take good damage but either just the support dies or both of them live. The jungler then chills in the lane autoattacking every minion, denying either me (or if I'm the support, my carry) cs. Without bothering to dive, the jungler just lumbers back off into the jungle. Now the enemy carry will have several waves of safe farming under their tower and on their side of the river.
1	Karma is good, her problem is she lacks any CC. Sona has AoE ult, Janna has a knock-up, Alistar is Alistar, Taric has his stun and gems, Soraka has a 3 second silence. Karma has a slow. Slows are nice, especially for kiting but lacks power in 5v5 brawls. That is why she is currently out classed as supports goes. Her AP Ratios are not that good and is why she gets out classed by AP carries. With Supports going into the role of battle supports though I think Karma will get a lot more love in the future.
0	I just went through something similar. I'm a tall, pretty athletic guy but I've had some severe self-esteem and self-confidence issues.  I was constantly feeling bad about myself because I kept telling myself I was too awkward and too unfit to be comfortable socially. I was constantly running and dieting and obsessing over my fitness even though I was always in really great shape looking back on it. Luckily, I've mostly gotten over it and I'm now comfortable in my own body. But while I was going through that, people just wouldn't take my problems seriously because they couldn't understand how I could possibly feel bad about myself. They didn't understand that everybody has their shit to deal with. If more people understood that then maybe we could all help each other out instead of putting each other down.
0	I had a teacher who said that it needed to be six pages minimum in my college composition class.  I had five and a half pages.  Gave me an automatic F for not following the instructions.
0	I am a huge GOT fan. So lemme explain. The problem with the show is characters...in that there are too damn many of them.   I watched the first episode three to four times simply to get my flatmate off my back (he is batshit crazy sorta fan and had read the books). I just couldn't catch the whole craze scene going on. I was beginning to understand what the show was about but still couldn't relate to the characters.   So one evening, after one too many beers had been consumed, he started off on a half hour soliloqui of all the various Houses and a brief overview of the main characters. I saw the first episode again, then the second and then the last season. I stopped watching since i started reading the books.   There are plot differences between the show and the books, but in MHO it doesnt matter if you read first or watch first.
0	They're just separate entities. Baltimore is the only city in this situation in MD, all other cities are part of counties.   There are many counties in MD.  In the counties, some areas are incorporated as towns, while others are directly administered by the county.  These cities are still subject to county laws/regulations. These cities may have their own local police forces. The county police still have authority in these cities however.
1	I apologize if I come off as arrogant, as I am far from a top player myself, however:   It has been my experience that players don't have a concept of what an average player's skill level is. This results in them being placed in games with players whom they view as inferior. [Dunning Kruger bias]( results in players assuming that they are significantly better than all their peers, and postulating that the only reason they are in "ELO hell" is because terrible players only exist on their team to keep them there.   My numbers might be a bit off, but if 1200 is the average ELO, then your average player, by definition, should be in those 1200s. Playing games is the only way to slowly creep out of this range, as the population forms the bell curve of skill levels. Most players will be in the 1000-1400 range, with the better players being 1500-1600, and the best being the outliers, not the norm.
0	When I was little (I'd say 6 and under) we didn't have much money.  So I used my brother's consoles, SNES and Genesis (with the x32 thingy).  On top of that, I had old VCR tapes of Spongebob halloween and rugrats and kept watching them for hours on end.
1	So, how do you go about being a support main and enjoy it? I'm by no means a good support, but I'm working on it because I don't wanna be that guy in ranked that "can't support." However, as a dude that likes to play Top and ADC, I'm used to action and big numbers so I find myself getting pretty bored with zoning and warding.   Are there any champs you would recommend giving a try to maybe spark some interest in the role? I usually play Leona (5-1 in ranked so far) and do enjoy her all-in playstyle, but lately I've run into some pretty nasty, high damage poke supports that cut me down to half health before I even get a chance to land a zenith blade. I've played a couple fiddle games and liked it, but it feels like you need an ADC (and team) that is capable of taking advantage of your fears and reliably turning them into kills.
1	I respect TSM as a whole. They are a great team  competitively , but I really dislike how they did this Q&A section. Normally, most of their vlogs are informative, and give us an insight into their lives, and I felt respected as a fan and supporter. However, this farce of a Q&A section made me respect them less. Don't get me wrong, they're a fantastic team, however the antics that they produced made me feel like they didn't give 2 flying fucks about us. However, of all the team members, I definitely respect TheOddOne the most. He is definitely a team player, and by god, his tips are legendary.
0	This happened to me a year ago. House broken into while I was at work. They took everything that wasn't clothes or furniture. Luckily I had just gotten a large gun safe for Christmas and an updated renters policy. That saved my ass. The total replacement costs were like $7000. I just had to eat the $500 deductible and I got to go buy all new stuff.
0	I live in Singapore, and I have lived here since birth and I take pride in being Singaporean.   I do not dispute the fact that Singapore has an authoritarian government: we take the label of "fine" city in our stride. If your freedom means "lawlessness" (Based on your view that "All laws are supposed to be in place against people who break laws. That's basically the logic for every authoritarian legislation ever passed."), then I do not want your freedom. Having rights and liberties do not disqualify one from acting morally and for public good, and by sheer number of laws alone I believe that the US has many times that of Singapore. Fat lot of good your freedom is.   "Facist". Totalitarian, resistive of liberal capitalism and international socialism. Well, I believe this is completely false. We have a multi-party government (albeit skewed greatly in favour of the majority party) that is FAR from being in control of every aspect of Singaporean life, in fact in all its essence I believe the US is more "facist" than Singapore. Capitalism is everything in Singapore, liberalism is on the rise, and proletariat internationalism doesn't even make sense here.   Drug offences carry a death penalty in Singapore, but torture? The use of the death penalty has already been greatly restrained in passing of judgement. After the horrific effects that opium abuse in the history of Singapore, and the deadly side effects of drug abuse (please don't bring up Marijuana, I can accept that), drug trafficking and possession can and will remain illegal and deadly punishable - even if put to a "peoples vote".   Libel against the government is punishable. We have restricted freedom of speech, expression and press, that I concede. But we as a people are working to open that up more. Citizen journalism and the Internet have greatly opened up our avenues of free speech, and while our press is still government controlled, they do advocate journalistic integrity and proper news reporting.   Mandatory military service is not unique to Singapore. Taiwan does it, South Korea does it, Israel does it, and we do it too, and for good reason. Some have likened us to being the Switzerland of SEA - but Switzerland is not surrounded by potential threats to national security. More commonly we are known as the Israel of SEA - surrounded by Muslim nations that outnumber our populations 200:1 and land by 1000+:1, not keeping a standing citizen army is simply suicidal. Diplomacy and deterrence is how we keep our nation secure, be it economic deterrence or keeping a US naval base here, or spending more money on our military than the next 3 nations in SEA combined, we do what we must to keep ourselves secure. Though many men complain about having to serve 2 years in the army, every single one of them leave with a sense of camaraderie and bond between men that keeps us together, men to men, father to son, stranger to stranger.   The US has provided the world with many things in its hegemony, but short of the technological corporations and military-industrial complex, it is losing its place as a great in the world. I'm not saying that Singapore is in any way better than the US that I believe you are from, but:
0	Not gunna lie   assumed you were a guy   clicked on comments to see the shit storm of
1	Im not sure if you are serious or joking. If you aren't joking just shut up and learn self control. But if you are joking,  RABLE RABLE RABLE!
0	It's common for North Americans to refer to themselves as Irish, German, Italian, etc. because the majority of us only have roots here going back a couple of generations. Keep in mind that Canada and the USA are still pretty new as countries, relatively speaking.   Furthermore, many of our progenitors arrived here and found themselves confronted with discrimination as a result of where they come from (like my Irish grandparents on my mother's side, and my German father after arriving here shortly post-WW2). As a result they often formed tight-knit communities, and it's no surprise that in the face of racism and hate, they clung to their heritage and traditions for identity.   I'm a proud Canadian, but I'm equally proud of where my family comes from. It's kind of sad to see so many Irish spitting on expats and their children, considering many of them left Ireland against their will. One would think that given Ireland's history, we'd all stick together instead of comparing bloodlines. It's not like until recently everyone else hated the Irish or anything...
1	It really depends on the type of champions you wish to play, and how many.  I have a semi-small pool of heroes that can all pretty much use 1 of 3 pages now.  Mine are quite similar to yours so I'll just mention the differences and type of champs they fuel.   For AP, instead of Flat Yellows and Blues I get the per level scaling.  This offers slightly more AP by level 6 than flats, and almost 3x more by 18 (per respective color).  The wiki ( is helpful for summing up some math for you on which variants of a stat are slightly superior in how much you get out of them.  Flat AP Quints (Potency) over Per Level (Force) are a prime example of quints that are better than 3 of its corresponding stat type.  A lot of mids like MR yellows (primary defensive runes) instead of full power, but imo the AP can choose either.  1v1 you're both a bit stronger against each other.  A bit more in his favor, but in most team matchups your extra AP will be more useful instead of MR as you're trying to dish out the most damage for the team, not tank, and imo the solo mid's AP total is super important as they have an easier time melting down tanks than physical champions for most the game.   For your AD page, I use Mn/level instead of MR blues, but that is fine if you play bruisers more over ranged ADC.  I play top lane least and jungle second least, and all my characters aside from Mundo use mana anyhow.  Mundo can use what he pleases though, and mine utilizes my "Support" page.   For Support, Gp10, Mvspd, or Flat Health are all good, universal choices on your Quints.  I've used them all a lot, but typically go with Movespeed.  You need to be everywhere, you need to roam a lot for warding/counter warding, and your positioning is super key at all times.  It can easily be the differences in kills or getting killed, or being useful.  Late game a support typically will be underfarmed and still tasked with helping in fights fully without exploding.  This means you need to kite on the edges of fights, and move in to get spells off and gtfo back out.  It dictates everything you do and this is the only rune slot that allows for +Mspd.  Also, a lot of my junglers will use this page.  Junglers need to be everywhere all the time too, as they literally have no lane to sit in, and their clear times are crucial.  Most mine do magical damage or mostly (yes, even Mundo...cleavers hurt).  Rammus, Mumu, Nunu, Alistar are all great jungling examples for this page.   Armor yellows always (Flat imo).  The money yellows are pretty poor, ironically.  Remember yellows are your primary defense rune.  Reds are offense.  9 times out of 10 you're going to see an ADC bottom with a support that usually does "low damage" (perhaps tons of CC enabling damage) or primarily healing.  ADC's snowball the hardest, and winning this lane is the most important in general.  Keep their ADC from snowballing obviously, and keep that support hero set back to hell.  Cripple their team's map control and utility.  Plus, the fate of 4 champions instead of 2 is decided here.  You do the math.  I play aggressive as hell while supporting, so I run magic pen reds here.  Supports can do some nice damage early on in the lane, and contrary to popular believe...getting some kills on them isn't bad for the team.  Flat armor reds will also do you quite well, though.  Especially since Janna and Raka can't bully that much with mpen.   Alright, blues, and I wish did this in reverse order (
1	yeah okay the system sucks, but it is completely inappropriate for you to call it cancer. you should change your
1	So the biggest problem with psychology in this game is worrying too much about what your allies are doing (in general, not specifically within the game).  If you just focus on yourself and improving your decision making, runes, etc., you will have an advantage and will be able to carry better than the average other player in your game, which lead to you getting out of that mmr.   Every player has strengths and weaknesses that add up to put them at whatever mmr are at.  Some players are dominant in lane and clueless later in the game, some have great team play but tend to lose their lane, some can only play one role and lose when they don't get it and some don't have runes, but have higher than average (for that mmr) other skills to make up for it.  Once you have a certain number of games played, you are where you are for a reason.  The people playing their first ranked games are another issue, but as long as that isn't you they will be more likely to be on your opponent's team than yours.
0	Every honeybee daughter is a potential (albeit poor quality) queen too. The current queen keeps her children reproductively inactive through a combination of pheromones, physical harassment and destroying any rogue eggs she finds in the hive.   In single-year hives such as bumblebees and yellowjackets, this reproductive dominance is lost when the current queen ages, goes missing, is insufficiently nourished or otherwise incapable of stopping her kids' hatching their own eggs. At this point, depending on the species, the hive could have it's queen killed and usurped by healthy offspring, hijacked by a rogue individual (extremely rare) or just collapse into anarchy and abandoned.   Eusocial queen dynamics have been a hot topic in behavioural research for a few years, and it turns out that the queen:worker dictator:slave relationship is mostly false. In a lot of species a thriving hive can be single step from insurrection, and can have more than one queen "cooperating".
