0	I love the bagpipes. I get shit for it all the time being that I'm in the army and my fellow soldiers like rap and rock and stuff.  I listen to mainly punk (not many of us in the military) and some of my favorite bands are celtic punk. Dropkick Murphys, Real Mackenzies, the Rumjacks, ect.   Plus, military ceremonies use bagpipes a lot. I love hearing Cadence to Arms.
1	I'll give this a shot.   The frequency with which you will get a champion depends on the other people in your queue's champion pools.   For instance, while you may own 10 of the 450 IP champs, so too might everyone else in your queue.   Now lets say you own Syndra on top of this, and nobody else does.  Half of the permutations that satisfy these criteria put you with Syndra, as 9 of the other champs you own will be taken by other people.   This example is extreme, but it shows why if you are playing in a group with a small number of champions, the odd ball ones in your lineup will show up more often. (ie, if you own a random 6300 champ that not many other people in your queue own)   Basically you need to factor in everyone elses champion pools.  Free week champions will be common, and 450 ip champions are likely to be common.  Then you need to calculate the number of permutations that satisfy these restrictions, and give you each champion.   Despite this, 3/5 Syndra games is most likely a random occurance, and it doesn't seem random to you because human brains are programmed to recognize patterns, and not randomness.
0	As a bar/restaurant owner, I will state the following: Closing time is not when you as an employee get off. It is when we shut our doors to new customers. Some nights are slow and you may finish side-work around the same time as closing. This is the service industry and we serve customers. If the mentality of you getting off applied to the restaurant (getting off immediately at closing), then you would be required at work 30-45 minutes before your shift started and your closing side-work would start 45 minutes before closing.
0	I may have posted this on reddit before, can't remember, but it's kinda relevant in any case.   When I was in High School, they added a new thing that would have to be completed before we where given our diplomas. Don't pass it, and you don't graduate. We where the first grade to have to do it. They called it the "Culminating project." This thing was ridiculous. We started it in 8th or 9th grade, I can't remember which, and had to have it completed for our senior year.   Most people did stuff that actually did take them that long to do...help build a deck, build a garage, doghouse. Those sorts of things. Some restored old cars, blah blah.   Long story short, I chose to write a program in visual basic that would teach students simple math. Basically designed for children in elementary school. Well while everyone else slaved over actual difficult projects, I didn't do shit till my senior year about three weeks before they where actually due.   I remember finishing up my paper the day before it was due to be handed in. In any case, I wrote the basis of a program that just generated a bunch of numbers and did math on them, then cross checked the answer with what the user input. Get it right and you got a a little sun with sunglasses on that rose above a digital horizon and said "Good Job!" in block letters. Get it wrong and you had to retry the question. Took me like an hour in total to write, if that. Well we had to do a speech on our project, and write a paper about something that had to do with our project. I never wrote a speech and just winged it, explaining every line of code. They actually stopped me mid way through my speech just so I didn't talk for two more hours.   The paper was on the history of the computer and how important programming was for the future. I ended up getting "Outstanding" on the project and the speech part, but an "Unsatisfactory" on the paper. Well that paper was going to keep me from graduating. So they told me that if I just made the changes on the paper that where corrected in red ink, I'd pass and all would be fine.   Basically, I wrote it like I'm writing here; I said you, and me, and I...etc. They corrected all that to one, to make it more in line with a research paper or some such bullshit. Basically it was opinion. Well I changed all the yous, and mes, and Is to one, and resubmitted it.   I was returned the paper a few days later, again with a big fat "U" on the top of it. The kicker was that everything that was corrected where the ones into yous, and mes, and Is. A different teacher had graded it and said that it felt to impersonal.   I took the paper to the principle and showed him the two papers side by side, and I know he wanted to just facepalm by his expression. Instead he said, "Come down to the library and make the corrections in front of me, and I'll give you a P." P was for pass by the way.   So I ended up passing, but yeah, teachers be wack.
0	I was actually picked up by campus cops as a Freshman at UNC after my first full-on blackout. Story time...   Went to a house party some ways off the North side of campus. Saw the dorm RA from the floor above me at a house party next door ~12:30AM. Proceeded to slam shots of Aristocrat. Left party with friend at ~2AM. Remember walking down Cameron Street on the North side of campus, cop in cruiser pulls up, rolls down window, "Son are you alright?" - Yes Sir, just walking back to my dorm.   I have no sense of direction since I'm piss drunk and it's only the 5th week of classes. End up walking to Granville Towers (a dorm on N. Campus) to catch the P2P bus that runs around campus until 3AM. Blackout again.   Wake up to 4 UNC campus police officers standing around me. I look down, there's puke all over my shoes. Look back up. "Son, what are you doing out here?" - "Just waiting for the bus officer" "Do you know what time it is?" Check my phone -- it's dead -- "No, but I assume it's before 3AM?" "It's 6:30 AM boy."   Officers walk back to their cruisers, talk for a minute, then one comes back and tells me to get in the back of his car. "Am I under arrest, sir?" - "No, I'm about to end my shift and I don't want to fill out the paperwork for you. Where do you live?" "Hinton James. Thank you."   Drove me home and waited until I was inside. GG Police officer. I'll never forget that guy.   EDIT,
0	Ok... We're leaving the fact, that something, that "skyrockets" should at least be something that happens in absolute not relative scale... In the UK there was an increase after the last gun law change for 2 or 3 years, and then it went back to a lower level as the time before the ban... 49 fatals in '96, 42 in 2012. What exactly does this show? The availability of guns is not this big of a deal in the UK but they are not necessary at all. So why would you give somebody a tool in his hand, that is designed to kill, if there is no effect whether he has it or not? And about those "gun free zones" you're talking about: Yeah. Maybe. But as far as i see it you don't deliver facts about that. Is it possible that bringing a gun from one state to another (or one city to another) is way easier than bringing it over an international border? I mean... Having a city that doesn't allow weapons next to city that gives it away them away at walmart or something isn't a good idea if you don't prevent people from bringing them from one city to another. Like you would do on an international border. Concept bad --> result bad. But what i wanted to say with my numbers i just put in here is: That there is either a correaltion between "gun allowed" and "90 times higher homicide rate related to guns" or americans are just gun wieding idiots. Pick yours. I'd rather live in a country that is less likely to get me killed by gun than one that allows me to have one myself but still is more dangerous than any other first world country.
1	how can i play my waifu against cancercopter and le balanced black man.   you use her really high ranged early game to your advantage and harass the shit out of their not as good range and kite them.
0	I think there had to be a tipping point where we see it enough that we have to complain about it. I imagine it is like the Nader effect, where the Green party helped Bush win.
0	I was a freshman in college, did much the same thing.  I was a skinny kid, he was a football player.  I took care of the foam by using my nose oil to break it up.  I think I said something along the lines of "no worries bud, I'll take care of that".  He looked at me like I was a total idiot (which I was), and made a move to punch me.  Lucky for me, my friends intervened on my behalf and calmed him down.
1	Remember that many people in silver 5 have MMR's of lower levels. Bronze 1s, Silver 1s, Gold 1s, etc. all for the most part play at a higher level than the next tiers div 5. This is why next season the safety of no tier losses will be altered. If you think you should be in the next tier above, then it means you probably don't deserve to be placed in the 5th tier, you should be in 4-1, thus you will be placed against people in that range. Remember their MMR is roughly the same as you. While yes, there are flaws in the system, you ARE going against people of your skill level.   The example of the diamond player who recently got a smurf account to diamond MMR while being in bronze is a perfect example of this. When he first started playing on the account, he could pub stomp anyone every game. Soon as hit promo's he would que dodge his way out and continue the cycle. Apply this to someone who isn't intentionally clamping himself. If you are a bronze player playing at a gold level, you should have no issue getting though your games (put aside the possibilities of leavers/trolls, it happens at all stages of the game). As you play more and more games though, the system should start to clamp you where you are, as you are reaching your skill level apex.   Think about it, there are only 6 tiers for a game of millions. It SHOULD be hard to move up. I started this season as a silver player, same as last season. I went inactive for a bit and came back to a bronze 1 account. I started playing and quickly shot up to gold 5 in two weeks. Then the game started to realize hey, this player is a tad better than most of the players around him, time for him to play against harder people and see if hes ready to move up. Shot up to gold 1 and then it got hard. The league system is designed to really put a hard check on whether a player should be promoted or not. That's why there's a huge drop on LP income when in the 1 division. Played though it and after 3 promos made it into platinum, during which I played against the high plats that are losing and on their way back down. This showed me that I could get to plat 1. While it took about 50 games in gold 1, I played 5 yesterday and Im already in promo for plat 4 or 3 depending on MMR.
0	If you know you've done nothing wrong, ask to see the officer's supervisor. Don't sign anything. You may wait an extra 15 minutes, but it will give both parties a chance to cool down. When the supervisor arrives, explain your situation and DON'T lie. You might get out of the ticket, or may only get one citation. It's always good to get a second opinion. In most cases the supervisor has much more experience, and may have a more reasonable viewpoint of the situation. Realistically, if you're polite, the worst thing that can happen is you get the ticket anyway.
0	For sure. There's also the problem of false balance.   I once shot a news story about the govt increasing accessibility for people with disabilities. There was a protest outside of about 15 people who felt the govt wasn't doing enough. I shot wide shots showing how many people were there and a bunch of other coverage, close ups of the wheelchair wheels rolling in-line etc.   We interviewed the protest organiser at their home. They were pretty-much nuts and out of a 15min interview we got 1 coherent 15second clip.   My reporter and I went back and told our news director the story about the protest was bunk. He told us 'we have to show both sides'. Honestly he may have been just trying to justify burning resources to cover the story, but that's a big problem.
0	Definite homework hater here   In HS I never did homework   In college, I was an engineer with the highest test scores in every class I took. I never needed to do homework to understand the material. I refused to do homework because I wanted to be out at the bars enjoying life and I was too stubborn to play by the professor's rules. I got C's I almost every class because homework counted for 25% of my grade and I had nothing but zeros. I had to repeat one class because I got a D even though I had the highest test scores and people came to me for help.   I paid for my stubbornness  by graduating with a 2.2 and watching all the good, high paying jobs go to the people who passed with higher grades even though they didn't understand the material.   8 years latter got an MBA and was mature enough to do the homework.  (College is like the real world, the professor is your boss and even if he's an asshole, you have to play by his rules).  Graduated with a 4.0 and landed a job making 180k.
0	Throwaway / really long:  I'm probably fairly rare, in that I'm an older virgin (almost 30) who mostly has functional social skills (you would never guess I was a virgin from seeing me interact with people, including with girls, in normal public / social settings), and while not a male model, doesn't suffer from any crippling ugliness (and has generally played sports / been in shape).   The first part is that I'm VERY "childfree," and getting a girl pregnant is totally unacceptable.  I'm also super super not cool with the idea of getting an STD.  Now, I understand that both of those are fairly preventable in a dedicated monogamous relationship.  The problem is that I'm also really against the idea of a serious official relationship, for several reasons.   One, the exclusivity thing.  That may sound strange from somebody who hasn't had sex at all, it's obviously not like "NO ONE WOMAN CAN SATISFY ME!", it just doesn't make sense to me that I would ever like somebody less because of a relationship with somebody else, just like having a best friend would never at all mean that I don't make other close friends.  I mean imagine somebody who gets married, and six years later their wife dies.  They are still young, and after a few years, they meet another great woman, and get remarried.  So what happens hypothetically if his first wife HADN'T died, and a few years later he meets the 2nd wife, that we already know he is super compatible with and can also have a great relationship with.  How / why is he supposed to like one of them LESS because of the existence of the other?  So that turns me off a little to a serious relationship.   The other issue with serious relationship is I have issues with social commitment.  I choose to spend time with my friends, but I like that outside of rare situations, I'm never OBLIGATED to spend time with them.  In a relationship, you are obligated to spend lots of time together.  Don't get me wrong, I understand that in a healthy relationship, you WANT to spend lots of time together, but I would still feel that obligation looming in the background.  I also value my independence.  When couples make a shared facebook page, that seems so horrible to me.  I totally understand that that kind of thing is rare and considered a bit extreme, but even in a "normal" relationship, I'm uncomfortable with the extent to which the two people become a "unit."  I also need my own space.  If I had a hypothetical fantasy relationship, I wouldn't share an apartment with my girlfriend.  I would live in my own apartment, and she would live in the apartment across the hall from me.  That feels like a perfectly normal desire to me, but I get the impression that it's not.   I also have one particular weakness in my social skills (This might be related to some head injuries which I'll mention in more detail later).  I get really uncomfortable in any social situation where it would be weird if i just did nothing for 30 seconds.  This is only social situations, at work I have no issue giving a presentation, or leading a team of 25 people, where I am obviously the center of attention and can't just check out for a while.  But in social situations, this is the one thing I struggle to deal with.  Note that I actually talk a fair amount and mostly am not a wallflower, but part of being comfortable with that is knowing that I COULD check out and do / say nothing if i wanted to.  If I'm hanging out with a group of nine people, I'm socially, talkative, funny, can be comfortable and flirty with women, etc..., because I know that I have the option to just chill.  If I'm on a 1 on 1 date with a woman, that doesn't work at all, especially if it's a date type setting where there is pressure on me to help ensure we have a good time.  If I'm 1 on 1 with a girl at work for a while, or me and some girl start talking 1 on 1 in the waiting room of an office, those are totally fine.  Probably because if it's boring, she will think "work was boring" or "that waiting room was boring," whereas on a date type situation she would thing "1234567890pl is boring."  Obviously that's a huge barrier to sex, if you are in the kind of social situation getting even close to sex, you obviously can't really just check out and do nothing for a while (I know, queue jokes about "my ex GF would check out and do nothing for a while DURING sex.").  I've never even seriously made out with anybody because of this.  And this is separate from some sort of performance anxiety / being nervous about not being a good kisser / good sexer / whatever, this is just it's own separate issue.  It's not even really "being nervous" at all, its of a feeling of being a bit overwhelmed / pressured / confused / tired, like you need to step outside for some simplicity and fresh air.  I could get more comfortable with this from knowing the person for a long time, but that would probably require being close friends with the girl for a long time first.   So casual sex is out, because pregnancies and STDs are super not cool.  Relationships are mostly out because I'm not really ok with the idea of an official serious relationship.  And even situations like just going somewhere private and making out are also very difficult because as charming and funny and smart and nice and social as I can be in larger social settings, I can't deal with that sort of 1 on 1.  While I try not to lead girls on, this can lead to an awkward situation where I like a girl and find her attractive, chase / pursue her some because I like her, but then if I start to get anywhere near "catching" her (I know the whole hunter / prey thing is old and maybe even a bit sexist, just go with it for now), I realize there is no end-state I can really deal with.  It's like a dog chasing a car, actually starting to catch up to it, and then realize maybe he shouldn't and / or is not comfortable trying to bite it.   Then to make things worse, toward the end of high school I got a serious head injury in a car accident.  For a long time after that, I was basically non functional.  I gradually became more functional, but I still have long term issues.  Some are physical, like getting headaches, or wearing sunglasses inside sometimes because of the light.  Others are mental, like I described with the 1 on 1 thing.  I was also basically out of society for a few years, recovered enough to do some work for a while, then had a setback, and was out of society for a few more years.  Now I've somewhat recovered, and I'm college in my late 20s.  So partially that contributes to being that old a virgin just because that's a decent number of years where I was not part of society.  This is an exaggeration, but it's almost like I was in a coma for a while.   I feel like I don't fit in with any real age group.  I feel a lot more mature than a lot of the college girls, and there is a bit of a generation gap (Even though it's only 6-8 years, I'm close to as young as you can be while still clearly remembering / being raised in a world without much internet, and without texting / smart phones / always being connected etc..., and sometimes I feel like those few years go a long way).  And they would probably think it was weird if a guy in his late 20s was hitting on them (unless they are into older guys, but then they would probably be disappointed that I don't bring nearly the whole "older guy" package of life experience and stuff).  But then I meet girls my own age, and in some ways it feels like they have moved past me.   Also, once you reach a certain age, being a virgin becomes a bit of self fulfilling baggage, because girls are probably expecting you to be more experienced (which is also where performance anxiety / being nervous comes in).  In a way this might be better if I was shy and a bit more socially awkward, the girls who are into that probably have at least some idea what they are getting into.  Whereas like I said, I'm pretty athletic, and you would never guess from seeing me interact with people in public that I was was not just a virgin, but had almost no physical experience with girls at all.  Also, I'm into athletic girls, and while i have absolutely nothing concrete to base this on at all, I feel like they would be less likely than average to be into an inexperienced dude who is that old.   Finally, while there is no way to say this without sounding arrogant, I'm actually really smart, and if I did somehow get into a serious relationship despite my general distate for them, it would have to be with a really smart girl, which narrows the pool considerably.
1	I strongly support this thread. And just to be clear:   >*Edit: Just to clarify: I do not want to hate on Riot here. I love League of Legends and I love Riot. All I want is to finally get some answers and ultimately be able to play once again. Also this is not a discussion about compensation but rather a discussion about server equality. While compensation also plays a minor part in that, the bigger issues are the discrepancies between servers regarding communication with the players and server stability. There is a huge undeniable gap which finally has to be adressed by Riot.   Why is it that when someone get frustrated it always gets defensive here? Man, if we didn't like the game, we would stop playing it and also stop complaining about it. But hey, that's not the case. I'm just frustrated that I can't enjoy my favorite game as much as I did before the patch, that I have to reboot my computer everytime I try to log into the game. It's not unnecessary complaining, it's not hating for the sake of it, it's not finding a viable excuse to get free boosts. Hey, if the game gets back to functionning properly I'm happy with that, the boosts are a bonus, the icing on the cake.   But since it's not my hardware that is at fault, since it's not something I'm the only one to request, since it's not the default way of playing the game, how come I read on every post about EUW problems that we EUW players need to chill and stop whining? And that's in disregard of the imbalance between NA and EUW regarding compensations.
1	The only reason NA loses to korea is because they keep adopting things the koreans already do, so by the time we learn a champions strengths they know its weaknesses. I used to play an FPS professionally (will not disclose which) and we always copied chinese and japanese strategies. 1 sniper 4 riflemen or 1 sniper 3 riflemen and a CQC. Then we adopted our own style of 5 assault rifles with straight rushes. Their sniper became useless at that range so it was basically a 5v4. We came in 3rd worldwide that year.
1	I'll take a stab at explaining why this happens. Players who have played Sivir for a while know that her ability really only blocks the initial effect of a spell. In other words, spells with elongated effects often are able to get the second part off but the first can be blocked. For some examples, if Sivir spell shields while changed to Karma or Leblanc, the snare at the end will go through the spell shield. Until a recent patch, if Zilean threw a bomb on Sivir, you had no way to spell shield it. However if you use spell shield BEFORE the initial chain hits or before Zilean bombs you, you CAN block it. I think the specific change was made to Zilean's bombs because he can still damage you by casting on a minion (fuck that OP champ btw). Other examples of abilities that have an initial effect, an elongated cc/dot, and then a final effect (only the initial effect being shieldable) are Karma's mantra-Q, Leona's E, Nocturne's E, Zed's ultimate, and Galio's ultimate.   Now there are other abilities whose initial cast do nothing at all, but they do have this elongated duration before their ACTUAL impact is felt. These include Lux's E, Gragas's Q, Karthus's ult, and Maokai's E. The "after-effect" of ALL of these CAN be spell shielded. I think Riot realized that even though Zilean's bomb can sit on a champ for a while, he fell more into this category and added an exception for him where you can now spell shield his bombs. As opposed to the first group, you CAN wait until these abilities detonate before spell shielding and you will be fine. Abilities like Fizz's ultimate, Karthus's ultimate, and Zilean's bombs thus have TWO places where you can spell shield or banshee's: the initial cast and the eventual impact.   Now what does all this mean? I would imagine that Gnar's boomerang is one of the first abilities as far as its interaction will spell shield. It's outward flight counts as the ability's actual "effect" while its return to Gnar is considered an "after-effect" of an ability whose intentional impact has already occurred. I'm not actually sure why this is, and I think it would be interesting to know if it's intended. In any case, I would compare it most easily with Karma's mantra-Q as an ability with an initial impact (damage while it is going outward), an elongated effect (the turn and return), and an after-effect (the return damage).
0	this meme just rides coattails
0	Dorner was crazy, and performed some terrible acts, but his manifesto is a correct assessment of the LAPD, and a broader condemnation of the United States police force. Ex-cop, Brian Bently backs up his manifesto, while accepting that Dorner was wrong to do what he did. Nonetheless, the fact remains, armed cops are killing and punishing our citizen populace at will, randomly and without provocation in many cases. Race, gender, disability, social status all factor into how these cops treat individuals, but race and social status most specifically. The cops, across the country, but specifically in LA won't bat an eye at killing a homeless man or a black man and just dismissing the action as eliminating another gang banger, or "cleaning up the streets." This ridiculous level of unchecked authority is placed in the hands of very corrupt police departments. I think they just handled the shooting poorly, but there is clear evidence that they may be trying to cover something up. Regardless of what conspiracy shit happens, the take-home point that's most important about this whole scenario, to me, is that the LAPD needs to change, VERY badly, along with police institutions across the country, if we don't want to slip further into a police state.
0	In my Junior year of high school, we had this really terrible Chemistry teacher. Now, he was a brilliant man, very smart, but he did NOT know how to teach his class. His teaching methods consisted of belittling us students and making us feel like we were absolutely stupid and useless for not knowing the content of what we were learning. He would often openly call us stupid and has made many girls extremely uncomfortable in his class because of his perverse nature.   One day, we were taking a quiz. The class rules stated that you could have your phone out after you finished with the quiz, as long as the volume was off and it wasn't distracting the other quiz takers.   I had finished, along with most of the class, and was surfing twitter on my ipod. My best friend, who sat behind me, had also finished and she was reading a book on her iPhone.   As I was scrolling through twitter, I saw one of her posts and decided to favorite it, but once I had, her phone made a loud DING. She quickly apologized for it and muted it, but the teacher was not pleased. He told her to take it to the front of the room and to place it on his desk, and that she would be able to pick it up after class. When she refused, he quickly got angry at her, shouting obscenities and spewing lies about how she was an awful student who never listened. I, being a fiercely loyal friend, was not going to have any of that shit being said about my friend. I looked at him and said in that angry calm tone that your mom would sometimes get, "Mr.blank, that's uncalled for. Though she may not be the best student, you have no right to say those things about her in front of the class."   His jaw dropped, then he turned to me, however, since that was one of my good years, he had nothing to say about me and quickly realized that the entire class knew that he had dug himself deep in this one.   After the class was finished, he called my friend and I to his desk, then took us into the chemical storage closet and tried to apologize to us, though truth be told, his job was on the line and all he needed was one more complaint to end his career.
1	actually thats not what he sais. he sais "the reason i played poorly is largely the svenskerren situation".   your "
1	I would think it's to avoid the world of warcraft battleground issue, where people edit their game files so that they run out of base way before everyone has loaded. Imagine you team was the slow loading and you run into jungle just to find 5 players waiting for you. Obviously you will say "then ban those who do it"... You just end up creating more responcibility than benefit, which riot will avoid.
1	His match history doesn't show he's been doing this often   Justifies punishment, but you're assuming he's been doing this every game   When it may be his first time doing it.
1	I don't play LoL. I am not interested in playing LoL.   Man, do I look forward to your
0	I'm 48. If I started smoking 1 pack a day when I was 18 at an average cost of $5.00 I would have spent approximately $56620.00. I've got way more than that in my bank account but you can't see it, you'll just have to believe me, or not.
1	I don't entirely agree with the "Shook threw, Wickd built bad" comments.  When you look closely at it, despite Elements controling the game and pushing towers mid game, gold was pretty much even.  That's a problem if you have a scaling azir and a jarvan, who would gradually outtank rengar. So I suppose communication on El's side was along the lines of "They outscale, we need to make a play to get a Huge advantage to press". Which in turn influenced the mistakes and bad builds. Be that as it may, if it was a team other than SK, those mistakes wouldn't have been so severely punished. As it was, SK expertly abused the mistakes.
1	Ahri has really good mobility with her ult. She can chase people down or run away really effectively. Also, her poke is really good and if you manage to land her charm it's really rewarding.   Another thing about her charm is that it brings people towards you, helping your team get a kill on someone who is out of position.   Slightly off-topic: I hope you mean "ult" when you say "global".
1	That was the Link game ever!    Link lost the game because Link.
1	It all depends on how you play your lane. Agressive? You prolly need wards asap! Passive? Get a gold gaining item, play it safe, get a cup of coffee, and before you know it you'll have more gold as a support then you would ever dream of.
1	I've always wondered about this.  A duo top lane vs 1 can easily stop the one dude from farming (like 0 farm), while almost guaranteeing they get first tower.  Even if ganked, it's more than likely the 1 person is low on health from being harassed, and a fair fight for the 2 man lane.  In DotA there's even tri-lanes, I think it could be viable if you know your other lanes can win or at least tie.
1	I think it's a decent item in certain situations. Unfortunately those situations are fairly rare and it has some fairly major disadvantages too.   The two main uses imo are:     Against a Soraka bot lane (Soraka's heal is 20 sec CD also, so it can be a bit of a hit to her sustain.)   Need a lot of life steal top lane and can't justify spending lots of gold on a Bloodthirster.     Here's the pros and cons as I see it:   Pros:  Relatively cheap lifesteal. Crit isn't too bad either, especially with an IE. Can sort of counter sustain lanes.   Cons:  Early-game item, hard to justify dropping that much gold on a non-core item early on. No upgrade. Tower aggro from passive.   Upgrade options from vamp scepter:     Executioner's Calling: 900 gold = 15% crit, 8% life steal and the active.   Bloodthirster: 2550 gold = 60 AD (100 full stacked), 2% life steal (10% full stacked).   Bilgewater Cutlass: 1375 gold = 35AD, 5% lifesteal, Active slow+damage.   Wriggle's Lantern: 1150 gold = 30 armor, 23 AD, 2% life steal, creep damage, wards   Zeke's Herald: 1695 gold = 250 hp, 15% CDR, 20% AS aura, 12% life steal aura (only 2% bonus for you when upgrading from vamp).     Interestingly, Executioner's Calling is the cheapest and gives the most lifesteal.   Which upgrade is the best though? As with most item choices, it's all situational really.   What do you need most?     Pure lifesteal, crit or to shutdown sustain: Executioner's Calling   Attack Damage: Bloodthirster   Ranged slow to catch slippery opponents: Cutlass   Creep damage, Armor and wards: Wriggles   Team AS and lifesteal: Zeke's
1	I find that when i support i usually get 2 greens and a pink on my first back. I use the pink as my sweeper in the river and then ward the tribrush and keep the 2nd one for either lane brushes (very rarely) or to replace the other ward. I usually start ancient coin and sweeper unless the matchup is really hard in the enemies favour(not that great on mage supps) so my gold income is fairly fast and the sweeping lense is to deny lane brush vision.
0	Agreed. Why should r/atheism be put on the default front page?  Granted, they have a ton of readers. But imagine the outcry if r/christians ended up on the default front page. It's hypocrisy at it's best.  All r/atheism does anyway is circlejerk to posts about fundamentalists and crazy Texans.  Time to realize that they're no different.
1	Nobody was rumoring that he was joining Curse, just that he  should  join Curse. Curse has four great players and an average top lane. The lack of bruisery, tanky, disrupty front line strength late game meant Chaox could run wild, while Shen & Maokai FH+Randuins'd Cop into the ground.   Switch out Westrice's Darius/Vlad/Akali for Wings' Irelia/Lee/Riven/Kennen/Jax/Olaf/Rumble/Malphite/Renekton/Shen. Suddenly Curse is twice as scary.   Plus, Wings didn't say he 'won't join Curse' (though I doubt he will), just that "I am not looking to join Curse to replace any member of their team. I don't know anything". It's not like he said, "I don't want to be on a team with Saint" (although Wings doesn't exactly like the guy) or "I will never be on Curse".
1	PSA to all thresh players: if you cast lantern on enemy creeps or the enemies are standing on the lantern, your friends cant click that shit. Toss it a little ahead of your friend or to the side of him
1	This happened to our team last night, and I was in a game with two other friends. We were purple team, and we were the only ones who were getting dc'd. This seemed to happen at the most inopportune time. Our team dc'd and you could see the blue team moving around, but we all had the "Attempting to reconnect" message. We lost towers, and died during these dc's. Worst part, blue team thought they were that good, we were actually doing good for having all the dc issues. Blue team started trash talking, saying stuff like "God said it shall be, and the blue team will win".   I've also had the issue where I dc and I can't reconnect and that match is still on.
1	I think that if you truly don't belong in your Elo you should just solo queue ranked on your free time and eventually it'll even out. I used to be scared of playing Ranked for whatever reason when I was back in 900 elo, but then I just manned up and did ranked. Starting at 900 elo during my first 10 games (going 3-7 in my placement matches), now 60 games later I have a score of 48W-35L and close to 1300, and still climbing.   And for those wondering, I play every role, even support. When an AD carry during champion select looks auspicious, I offer to be their support (Janna 4-1, Soraka 3-1).   The best W/L I have (I think) is jungling, 10-4 on Nunu and 7-0 on Rammus.   AP burst casters are better at this Elo than a more niche like Nidalee. Although I 90% of the time dominate my lane with Nidalee, come mid-late game teams don't understand the concept of poking and just straight up initiate, which is where Nidalee is weak.   Also have good luck playing AD carries (just go mid with them, you'll never find a good support at low elo), Ashe: 7-3-8 6W-2L, Corki: 11-3-12 5W-2L
1	I think Riot really doesn't care about the rewards of learning a complex champion anymore I mean: why do you spend all your time learning complicated champion mechanics like orb placing with Syndra or shadow jumping with Zed when you can just go apeshit retarded picking an Hypertank that requires next to non skill to play e.g. Mundo, Shyvanna, Trundle and carry by afk farming in the long lane that is top.  I mean it kinda sucks and I feel ok with the game having strong tanks and all but at least give them some mechanical tricks or make them more complex. I feel now that every role needs a lmost an equal level of skill but top.  Also bring back Irelia ;(
0	This is true if you smoke, drink, do drugs or are overweight, but co-sleeping is the norm for China and Taiwan, and both places have lower infant mortality rates than the US: Also lower incedences of SIDS, and also less abuse of alcohol and obesity.   Some theorize that in co-sleeping both parent and child sleep lighter.  The child is less likely to die of SIDS because they sleep lighter, and because many parents - like the op - incessantly check on the child because of the proximity.   How many runs have you Done where a parent rolled over on a sleeping child and didn't wake up?  1 would be too many, but not statistically significant.    But co-sleeping is rare in the states, except in areas that are very impoverished, where parents can't afford bassinets.   Poverty correlates pretty high with infant mortality too. We're the runs in low income neighborhoods?
1	3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
0	I also have a "bipolar piece of shit mother", who was an extremely violent alcoholic, but I still keep in touch.  I myself was recently diagnosed with Bipolar 2, Severe PTSD, and I have pretty debilitating panic attacks.  I had no idea how "mentally unstable" I was until the panic attacks started, then I found out the rest.   My mother was verbally and physically brutal, knew just what to say to make me feel like hell.  Lied, manipulated, and stole to feed her addiction.  Physically fucked me up on several occasions.   I am much more understanding of the hell she put me through, I don't forgive her for it, but I now know where she was mentally, and so much shit that she did, and said makes a lot of sense now, even if it was shitty.  I do NOT let myself get caught up in her bullshit, and I learned when to say no.  I learned that contact was on my terms.  I learned that no matter how shitty she may have been to me, it was her mental illness that caused the self medication, and I learned that I still love my mother.  You only have 1 mother, and even if she's a 3 headed cunt deamon, you should know that that is not the real her.  The real her wants to be a fucking rock star of a mother, but due to her mental illness all she can be is shitty, hateful and distant.  The real her reacts before thinking, makes shitty decisions in the hopes that maybe, just maybe, she'll be happy for what quite literally may be the first time in her life.   It's easy to toss people away that are fucked up, especially if you don't know where they're coming from.  Don't lose your mother because of something she has no control over.  I am not making excuses for your mother, but having a fucked up momster of my own, and now finding myself in the same shoes has made me realize just how important keeping in touch with her is, she likely hates herself far more than you could ever, and those bad things that may have been said about her don't even touch the shit that her fucked up brain tells her about herself.  Be that person that she always wanted to be, but never could.  Don't get caught in her web, and don't expect her to change, but do know that she loves you, even if she was shitty at showing it.
0	I used to work for Blockbuster video in 2005 when hurricane Wilma was hitting Florida's west coast.  At the time, I was scheduled to close the store and the storm was set to begin effecting Palm Beach county, where I live, between 11 PM - 12 AM.  It took me threatening to walk out of the store and my manager threatening to fire me before she actually got it that I didn't care how many videos she thought we should check in before we left.  Funnily enough, once the storm had past, they called to tell me they wanted me to drive through downed power lines and whatever other storm damage was scattered about to work a five hour shift while the store was without power.
0	The way most people seem to be responding makes me worry about where this world is headed. On Reddit, I see so many wonderful stories of love for one-another. Then I see a post like this (2nd one in two days).   I too was bullied in grade school. OP and others, you have to learn that if you want people to be kind to each other then you need to start with yourself. People are mean all the time (IMO, there are many examples of this from this thread). Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, makes mistakes throughout life. Challenge yourself to grow as a person and forgive. You take the action and treat others well. Not because they deserve or don't deserve it, but because it's the right thing to do. So many people complain about how they were treated poorly and turn around and celebrate when bad things happen to the ones who have wronged them in some way. Please understand how hypocritical that is. If you want to live in a better world, help create one. Add love, not hate.
1	They've never done that, it's just that they are essentially recreating the lore so that the Institute of War never existed.
1	inb4 the darkins are battle hardened because their dimension is rough and the only way to live was to evolve to be the toughest of the tough.   Their master realizes that their mortal enemies the gorkos are coming back, they have claws of shadow death and they move faster than a rabid raccoon. the only way to beat the gorkos is to find a suitable warrior, garkablox a darkin ambassador, the only one to rely on magic to slay his foes is sent to find the ultimate warrior to save the home planet of the darkins, lorkosonifh. Anyway, aatrox considered himself the ultimate fucking fighter in the world. But knew he wouldn't be enough to slay the gorkos so he's like hmm.   He thinks to himself, I am the ultimate fighter I have slain a thousand barkaploxoers and tunnel snakes yet my strength is nothing compared to the legendary gorkos. HE thinks nobody in the universe can best him though so he decides to create his own guy to bring back to lorkosonifh tryndamere, based on the philosophies and culture of his planet and what he had learned to be strong as hell.   meanwhile the ambassador scours the earth to find the perfect warrior stumbling onto the league of legends where he joins and fucking wrecks shit with his aoe snare but eventually gets ownedd hard by jax and jax is like oh yeah. and then the ambassador is like whoa, this guy is clearly the best warrior in existance he brings of his hood and whoa it's the fucking darkin prince that was exiled for being too weak - new ultimate skin for jax, no fucking bulky robes just fucking spiky wings of death and a real fucking weapon not one made out of sponge like fucking aatrox has.   He says, the reason our planet is like going to die to the gorkos is because we fought the gorkos like savage animals, we killed each other to find the strongest instead of being a fucking unit, IE eugenics are bad, and their whole fucking philosophy is bad.   so jax AKA AAJAXOROSOAKX closes the fucking portal to the other world and says, this dimension has a chance let's not bring our politics into it, effectively trapping the 3 darkin in the league of legends to battle it out for eternity.   But AAJAXOROSOAKX doesn't know that fucking tryndamere is there and he has a whole legion with him, he's a barbarian fucKing King and a huge threat to the universe because he was raised on the disciplines that brought the darkin world down, and he's here to wreak havoc and expand his legion
1	That's a valid point but still, I think you and the rest of the analyst desk would bring more insight on the picks/bans and how the game would unfold with more accuracy and I would love to see that.   It would also make the win predictions a lot more interesting!
0	Something similar happened at my school with a senior cheerleader.  The junior/senior cheerleaders traveled to Hawaii for some competition.  This particular cheerleader was the captain, 18 years old (so not a child, but obviously still childish), and started hitting the bottle the moment she got to her hotel room.  Not sure how she got the booze, but as the story goes, she partied hard, and then fell off the balcony of her 18th floor hotel room.  Her body was was found naked and based on the trajectory, they ruled she fell on her own accord.  No signs of sexual assault, foul play, or drugs.  Her alcohol level upon death was like .25.   ANYWAYS.  She pretty much killed herself in her drunk stupor.  Oh man though, you couldn't even suggest that.  Nope.  People kept screaming murder and that they were not going to rest until her killer or killers or were stopped.  So many random people, including freshman who were not cheerleaders or had any association with her were asking to see counselors or crying over her.  I nearly was torn a new asshole a few times when I casually brought up her blood alcohol content.   If you think it's bad when attention whores clamor over the non-existant/bullied kid, you haven't seen crazy till until it is a cheerleader captain who killed herself (Accident or not it was her own stupidity that was her downfall).  For almost a month, she was a topic on myspace (back in the day...), in the hallways, and in classes.  Literally, one girl in my class exclaimed she couldn't take a test because of the stress it was causing her coupled with the death of her "friend."  It took a lot of control for me not to laugh.  A lot.  It was a scene almost out of a soap opera.  Best part is, this girl was not even direct friends with the dead cheerleader.  She knew her through her more social friend and occasionally was able to chat with the dead girl.  My teacher had to let her out of the test. Made me mad I didn't use that excuse.
0	Moral superiority? Nope, I just actually have some and hold them higher than entitled, selfish cunts do.   This person lied and deceived for over a year. Played with this guys emotions and feelings. Since when do we hand out free "act like a piece of shit and get away with it" passes as long as the guilty party is having a hard time? It doesn't really matter what anyone is going through, or will go through, or has gone through. People who make decisions that negatively affect other people, for the their own personal gains are scumbags.   Flawed human beings from PLANET FUCKING EARTH are not exempt from being worthless pieces of shit. Op's girlfriend is a "flawed" worthless piece of shit and should feel terrible for her actions.   Also,   I find it very interesting that while you throw around words like "trust", "care", "decent","compassion", yet I haven't seen much empathizing for OP. You want to stand up on your little stool and proclaim the girls innocence and completely ignore the fact that OP is the victim here. No matter how you want to look at it. No matter how you wanna justify her actions or sympathize with the oppression of her homosexuality, she is a selfishly terrible person.
1	i wanted to play with a buddy on eu-ne, so i made an account, playing an ad carry is almost impossible, because everyone stops laneing and just runs around randomly after 10 min, so ur at around 90 cs and have no real items and have absolutely no impact on the game as an ad, so you can hope they make retarded plays to get feed off of them and get to ur core build to become effective, soo frustating. Ur team mate pushes donw the turret at 4 min and then noone bothers farming that lane so its always pushed and it just goes to waste, you cant farm it since the entire enemy team is MIA 24/7
1	people play the blame game, they don't want to admit they played a part in the team being defeated so they pin it on the easiest to scape goat (usually the person with the most deaths) and make a huge deal about it in all chat while simultaneously keeping their ego intact by fooling themselves into thinking it is all "X" fault.
0	Yeah, fuck all these haters, dude. If your feelings are hurt by it, talk to her about it. If she's not sympathetic, then  that's  a reason to break up. If your feelings aren't really hurt, then whatever. Look, she's with you, not with him. He's the ex for a reason. If the facts of the matter are that your big dick isn't doing it as well for her, you guys need to start trying some different shit.   I know some stuff about big dick issues. Try some different positions. If it's a girth thing that's hurting her, you may just need a lot more time to warm her up. Do summore foreplay. Remember that vaginas are capable of stretching a  lot . Also remember that "loose women" are ones that have "loose morals" because of antiquated ethical systems; vaginas don't get all loose from having sex with big dicks. That's a phallusy. (Sorry, couldn't help myself).   If it's a length issue that's causing the pain, you'll wanna try a different angle. The most common problem with length-related pain stuff is mentioned a couple other times ITT; hitting the cervix. You wanna be hitting either the anterior or posterior fornices. (That's "fornix," in the singular.) Look that shit up on wikipedia. Show her. Talk about it. Find a good angle. If you got a straight or up-curving dick, she likes g-spot stimulation, and she likes missionary, you might wanna try pushing her knees up toward her shoulders and maybe putting a pillow under her butt. If she prefers clit stimulation, it might work better with her on top doing more of a grinding motion. The bottom line is that different bodies fit together differently, so, if you're both trying to do the same shit you did with other, different-shaped people, you're gonna have a bad time.
0	There are many, many kinds of service dogs. Having a psychiatric service dog myself, I'm happy to answer you!   Some of the rumors that surround service dogs are part of the problem. First, any breed or size can be a service dog. I know a gal who has a Chihuahua as her service dog. He is what's called an alert dog, he senses when her body chemistry is changing and alerts her to it so that she can take her medication and find a quiet, secure place in case she has an attack. He has saved her life more than once, as her flashbacks are so vivid that she completely disassociates and could wander into traffic or someplace dangerous.   Second, there are three kinds of civilian working dogs. There are therapy dogs, the ones who go to hospitals, nursing homes, etc. and whose sole purpose is to bring people comfort. Comfort dogs, like those who were at Sandy Hook following the disaster there, are therapy dogs. Therapy dogs do NOT have public access rights granted by the ADA, though some cities do have protections for such. The second is an emotional support animal, which is similar to a therapy animal but is for one person only. It does not have public access rights, but is protected to live in someone's home or hotel where pets are not normally allowed. They are helpful for depression, anxiety, and general mental health. The third is the service dog. Only dogs, and in certain cases miniature horses, can be service animals. They are federally protected, have full public access rights, and accompany their human partner everywhere. The most well-known service animals are seeing eye and hearing types, though there are balance/mobility, medical alert (such as alerting to low blood sugar, bronchial stress for asthma patients or oncoming seizures), psychiatric, and so, so many more.   Its the invisible disabilities that unfortunately are subject to the worst harassment. There is nothing visibly wrong with us, so people tend to think we just want to bring Fifi with us to the grocery store. While it's true that there are fakers, they are incredibly rare and I would bet that most folk you've met with service dogs have been the real deal. Personally, I have severe PTSD from an assault many years ago. Without going into detail, I have nasty flashbacks, chronic nightmares, anxiety and depression stemming from it, and paranoia like you wouldn't believe. My therapist finds it fascinating that I've managed to pass off to most people as "normal".   So,what the hell does that 25 pound Beagle mix in a vest do for me? He alerts when I'm about to flashback or have an anxiety attack and walks me to open air until I calm down. He reminds me to take my medication, forces me out of bed when my alarm goes off (the depression and paranoia make that hard sometimes), and refocuses me when I'm starting to lose touch with reality. He physically stops people from touching me by putting himself between me and them, with a few exceptions, like my husband or anyone I make the first move towards. He is trained to respond to hand signals to give me an out from a conversation that's making me uncomfortable (he'll make a quiet bark and I'll excuse myself to walk the dog). He does deep pressure therapy on command and sometimes without one, which helps to ground me in the present. He keeps me stable and functional, when all my brain can do is panic and make me shut down. He's not a pet. He's my partner, the same as a police officer's K9 unit is. They both work hard to protect us, just from different dangers.
1	I have code that does that. When you're running that on 130,000 users (with about 2/3 active at any time) once a minute, it becomes a lot of bandwidth (weighty xml with tons of UI data vs slim json, multiple page pulls required to get full data, etc.). Plus they don't even list all of the currently live streamers in that view when there are more than a certain number live (which I discovered when beta testing that implementation with some users). I believe that code is still in the extension, but commented out because it performed poorly and would be too much of a draw (which I'm guessing the json was, since they shut down the "api" they had available).   It's true I'm getting a little "lazy" with this though, but mostly because I struggled through trying to support Own3d back in the day (which was a pain), and have tried for months to work directly with Azubu with very little effort on their end to even tell me  where  the best place to access data would be considering the traffic requirements of my extension. I also have a well-more than full-time job developing games (and it's certainly a busy time of year), a very full life otherwise right now, and have still put in a ton of time into this extension over the past two years regardless. I don't even use it that often anymore, nor do I make any money off it, but I want to keep providing it to everyone who loves using it, because I think it's awesome that so many people like something I made.   So go ahead and use your own code if you want. Or hell, take mine and modify it for your personal use. Or even make your own from scratch and put it on the app store.   </rant>
0	1) I'm a lawyer, you're just wrong about the SOL. They're tolled by statute so even if the judge wanted to, they can't just ignore it. If some retarded judge (and less than 1% of judges would be THIS retarded) decided he's going to VERY obviously ignore statute it'll get overturned on appeal in a half a second, not to mention there's a good chance the judge has a presiding judge to answer to. And, yes, it's very much 1st year law school knowledge.   2) "Working" at Lexis does not mean you know how things actually work. I'll just use you as evidence.   3) Your story doesn't even make sense. For the sake of argument (and my unwillingness to look into whether this magical law granting jurisdiction because a 15 minute fly over is considered purposeful availment actually existed, though I doubt it), I'll grant that this magical law existed. So he abused her in Ohio (criminal) and she wants a divorce (civil) in a different state and California had this great long arm statute allowing them to. He had a warrant from Ohio yet Washington extradited him to California to be tried and incarcerated despite the fact California has zero jurisdiction over the Ohio criminal matter? Come on man, if you want to come up with a bullshit story to back yourself up, at least come up with something that could  possibly  be true.   4) Lexis Nexus does not represent people, they provide research tools for attorneys and legal professionals; maybe they used to (I doubt it), but they don't represent people. In other words, Lexis would not be devising any plans for any legal action. If you want to bullshit and use a company you "used" to work at as evidence of your expertise, at least find out what the company does.
0	Some of the most creative ideas seem obvious in retrospect.  The difference in people who got rich and people who say, "I could've thought of that" is people who thought of it and executed  first .  The most creative person in the world isn't worth a shit if they can't come up with, and execute on, their ideas quickly.  Stop bitching because you think you're more creative.  Start being  as  creative  faster , or get used to thinking, "I could've done that, but I didn't, because my brain is slower, and / or I'm too scared to execute."
0	As a person who has a BA in English, my passion and what I love is English and not only that Academia in general. I am now going to a pretty top notch graduate program in Texas to get my MA in Rhetoric and Composition and possibly my PhD so I can continue to be in the university setting for as long as I can stand it.   I love teaching and inspiring kids, but the difference in teaching high school as opposed to college is you are getting some kids who actually want to advance their knowledge and less of the "IDGAF" people. Not saying those don't still exist in college, but it's less frequent.
0	Fun fact though: you can occasionally get around these issues by being super nice to the flight attendants. If there is an open seat in the exit row, they sometimes offer it if you mention being claustrophobic. I was on a 6 hour flight and was chatting with the flight attendant prior to takeoff. I mentioned that I was a bit claustrophobic and asked if, after takeoff, it was alright for me to move to the row next to me which didn't have any passengers. She said she'd do one better and move me to the exit row. Tons of leg room, and I didn't have to pay the extra cost to get it. Tried it again on the next flight, same thing happened again.
0	It's the latter; truly original OC has about 5% chance of being liked, while a slight twist on another redditor's post which was a slight twist on another post which has been handed down through reddit generations will jump immediately to the front page.
1	This video is spot on. People who are flaming Dyrus aren't looking into the fact that Dyrus is in this position to be ganked over and over again because HIS TEAM puts him in that position. Personally I think that TSM can win with this style of play, ie putting Dyrus alone on an island to be ganked, in NA because the NA teams can't take the game with that 1-2k gold lead that is a result of the camping. Then look at SKT, EDG, AHQ, Fnatic. These are some of the best teams in the world and if you give them a gold lead, they WILL punish you for it.
1	I think he was fine pre-rework, maybe needed a little tuning, but they destroyed him. Basically he could pick people off and keep them from escaping with permaslows, if he couldnt quite get a pick, he was a fantastic peeler with the same permaslows. Now he struggles more at picking people off because his gapclose sucks--since he no longer has permaslows, the attack speed oriented parts of his kit are kind of not particularly good anymore because he cant keep autoing someone who is slowed...they just run away.   The argument was that there was little counterplay to being permaslowed, but a counterargument would be that in order to get permaslowed by skarner, you have to get slowed in the first place (he has to get basically melee range of you) -- if you get hit by a fizz ult and die, theres not much counterplay at that point. But maybe you should have just not gotten hit by the ult, eh?
0	I think the main difference is the women who found out the guy had a smaller-than-average johnson  after  they started getting down. Had they been able to know beforehand, I'm pretty sure most would've backed down the same way some people do when a larger-than-average woman/man is interested in them. We [me] just can tell beforehand that we aren't interested in someone larger because we [me] aren't attracted to that specific body type.
1	I'm around 1300-1400 bracket.   I have so much easy times climbing out of 1200 to 1300. I find climbing outta 1300 is so fucking hard. I got to every game with positive attitude, i try to remain positive as long as I can. If we are doing good or somewhat good, I am the nicest person in the world, but nothing just makes me rage harder than solotop or any other lane that blames jungler. Also when some1 goes fullderp and is 0/6/0 or something, I just can't help myself.   Am I alone with this?
1	I think that Riot is simply trying to reward players that put the effort in to making League a competition game. While I agree that unranked has its perks, and despite what you may think of the ELO system, Ranked is inherently more competitive, more fair, and as a result, more challenging. They use this system to make the game more competitive, making it more fun to watch, and making their game more visible / create more income.  The more people that play / use ranked, the better off Riot is.
1	To be honest, league system is pretty terrible in more than those ways. To just point out the major ones I see:     Promotion series makes no psychological sense as an incentive to perform (edit: perform is a bad word choice, play might be a better word for this part) when comparing to alternative. It's an uncertain positive reward that is in the future (PFU as referred to by behaviorist) as opposed to using an immediate reward of moving up a teir/division when your mmr reach the threshold (PIC). If you under perform, the result would likewise be negative immediate and certain. In psychological sense, it (current system) is not an ideal reinforcer.     Divison/teir gap between location on ladder and mmr is pretty severe from what I read from reddit. I have no data on this so I can only postulate a few ideas about it. The ladder system is designed to work for a large set of games played (far more than just relying on mmr). A majority of the players do not have time to play more than 2 or 3 games a day which would create a huge gap between mmr and the ladder.       I would suggest them running an overlay elo system. This would allows for mmr and division match and lets the player gauge themselves vs others. Here's I would purpose it work. Take Silver I for example, if you say silver I is 1200-1400 elo. Then an individual with 1250 elo would be in Silver I at 25 lp. Pretty much LP=(current-(min bracket elo))/(max bracket elo). This would allows us to gauge the progress while comparing ourselves to people in our league as it is visible to us as the current display. If you drop below 1200, you drop a tier. Since there is no promotion series, it'll be much easier to climb back up (just get back above 1200 elo).
0	The relationship will cost you part of your manhood. Unless you cheat, methodically, but that's rarely offsets difficulties created by doing it, completely.
0	White Nationalism is officially just supposed to be meant as a national identity for white people, similar to black or Latin "pride".  In reality, most so-called nationalists are actually white supremacists.  So I can say something along the lines of "I find white nationalism disgusting" and not be met with any ire because most people are more concerned with the group's practical ideologies than their official ones.   This is more or less how I, and a lot of others, see modern day feminism.  Technically speaking Feminism is a great philosophy and, technically, I am a feminist.  However, if I were to judge the group by their practical philosophies rather than their official ones, I see no problem with upholding the opinion that (modern day) feminism is disgusting.
1	I would say that its still a tossup until all of the roster changes are finalized and we start to see how everyone does working together in teams such as TSM that have major role changes. However based on the current standings and EG still being a complete tossup in my mind i would have a similar standing, maybe something along the lines of  C9 LMQ CLG Dig TSM CRS Col EG If EG gets everything worked out i could see eg being in contention with tsm and maybe TSMs roster will synergize and surprise me, also LMQ could always flop and not do as well as i'm hoping for but i'm fairly confident with my top 4 unless (like stated before) TSM surprises me or maybe CLGs new top lane (which is very likely) does well and allows them to excels.
0	Copy/pasted from another response.   I am not an EMT. I am a paramedic. I give a wide range of drugs, intubate, cannulate, read ECG's to reasonable depth, and do a variety of other interventions that EMT's can't (in the UK).   He is no longer a Health Care Professional, and has been retired for 2 decades. He is from the 'old school' of medicine. You know, where women were pretty little things in uniforms, and were laughed at for being considered able to go higher than nurse. Ambulance men, were just taxi drivers, with a stretcher to scrape people up, and nurses were just the arse-wipers, and gophers. He has not had a clinical update in 30-40 years.   His 'tests' for me would be stuff that we would see every day. An example:   UNCLE:- You are called to a man in the road; he is seemingly unconscious. What do you do?   ME:- Well, check for danger, try and get a response from verbal, then pain stimuli, then assess his ABC's.   UNCLE:- Ah, yes, but then you notice an empty bottle. Now what do you do?   ME:- Assume it must be Friday night, and I must be in a town in the UK, but not rule out medical or trauma causes. So get a blood sugar, take other observations, such as pulse, BP, oxygen saturations, and do a full secondary survey, to assess for trauma, from the head down. In the event of no obvious cause, and irreversibility with anti-opioids, transfer to the appropriate A&E dept at hospital, depending on if there is stroke, cardiac or trauma as a potential cause. (in the UK there are specialist treatment centres for these things).   At this point my uncle, would usually try and go to a depth of medical knowledge that would be beyond me, but fail, because his knowledge has diminished, and he thinks I am just an ambulance driver. Which I am not - I drive a car.   I don't pretend to know everything, and there is an enormous gap between General Practitioner, or in fact ANY medical doctor, and a Paramedic, There is no disputing this, and I would not even try. But my uncle is not a GP any more, and has not been for some time. He would not be able to cut it in the modern world of medicine. He is quite patronising, and also rather condescending with his manor, as I imagine he has always been to his staff, and patients, because that is how a lot of them were in the "good ol' days".
0	I don't think that they worded that well, PTSD is different then a lot of triggers most people talk about. It is like saying having PTSD is on an equal playing field with feeling like people should not mention the concept of loosing weight because that is a "trigger". It is just them hiding from insecurities they have of themselves and use a real condition to make it look like a real problem in the world.
0	The first thing for you to understand is that in this place there are no martyrdoms. You have read of the religious persecutions of the past. In the Middle Ages there was the Inquisitlon. It was a failure. It set out to eradicate heresy, and ended by perpetuating it. For every heretic it burned at the stake, thousands of others rose up. Why was that? Because the Inquisition killed its enemies in the open, and killed them while they were still unrepentant: in fact, it killed them because they were unrepentant. Men were dying because they would not abandon their true beliefs. Naturally all the glory belonged to the victim and all the shame to the Inquisitor who burned him. Later, in the twentieth century, there were the totalitarians, as they were called. There were the German Nazis and the Russian Communists. The Russians persecuted heresy more cruelly than the Inquisition had done. And they imagined that they had learned from the mistakes of the past; they knew, at any rate, that one must not make martyrs. Before they exposed their victims to public trial, they deliberately set themselves to destroy their dignity. They wore them down by torture and solitude until they were despicable, cringing wretches, confessing whatever was put into their mouths, covering themselves with abuse, accusing and sheltering behind one another, whimpering for mercy. And yet after only a few years the same thing had happened over again. The dead men had become martyrs and their degradation was forgotten. Once again, why was it? In the first place, because the confessions that they had made were obviously extorted and untrue. We do not make mistakes of that kind. All the confessions that are uttered here are true. We make them true. And above all we do not allow the dead to rise up against us. You must stop imagining that posterity will vindicate you, Winston. Posterity will never hear of you. You will be lifted clean out from the stream of history. We shall turn you into gas and pour you into the stratosphere. Nothing will remain of you, not a name in a register, not a memory in a living brain. You will be annihilated in the past as well as in the future. You will never have existed."     George Orwell, "1984"
1	it's because TSM isn't strong enough to compete with other mechanically stable teams. TSM has really really strong mechanics/team fights, but so does m5, najin, clg.eu, frost, iG, etc, but the asian teams and clg.eu and m5 have better strategies outside of this.
0	I actually work at a daycare and I have to say, I think this a LOT.   One instance is a 3y/o child who cries like a baby. She has an infant sister and her mother once was holding the infant in a car seat, 2 bags (diaper bag and milk bag) and was upset her 3y/o child "insisted" on being carried.   I kept on wondering why she just didn't have the damn child WALK. She's 3 and is still in diapers, never uses actual words, and just cries and points to what she wants.
0	This meme is NOT about toughness, how I see it. It's about something you failed at doing and you feel you should share it, without emphasis.
1	AquaDragon33 is a great AD Malz and he has a great guide on MOBAfire.   I usually follow this, obviously with exceptions. If I fuck up drag at 2 then I've gotta play catch up and might switch orders of items. I rush tear becaues he's just so damn mana hungry. Watch Aqua's streams though if you can/want because just watching him play made me change my playstyle. Really, the big ones on build is just rush tear and stalker's, muramana is big and everything else is situational AD. Gunblade if you're finding you can't kite as well. Last Whisper if they build armor (I usually build Last Whisper anyway because AD Malz is a tank shredder). The only thing is, KNOW YOU CAN'T GANK IF YOU CAN'T GANK. If your team is bitching at you because they haven't gotten ganks from you don't just force yourself to gank. Know that your spells do nothing besides utility. Know how to use your aids to focus with voidlings. Landing Q's while kiting is soooo important. I don't know why I'm typing this whole thing I got excited someone replied to something I commented. I know you just asked for build I'm sorry :(
0	Receiving a sexually harassing joke from your boss and then getting fired for returning an equally harassing joke is grounds for a suit. As such, the boss is highly unlikely to fire you in the first place. That's beside the fact that the boss felt safe enough to joke with you about that at all, which sends a clear message about what he thinks is okay.
1	A lot" can be different from a person to another, so some clarification on those points would be nice.  On the same topic, aside from Replay and blatant lagging servers (not just EUW) the other markers are at best arguable with a small incline towards being truthful.     Toxicity  : While it can reach a ridiculous state lets not forget that people tend to exaggerate just to make their point more valid and will emphasize the bad memories. That coupled with the fact that it's the most popular MOBA, if not overall game, for free will result into a good amount of people being basically dicks.     Old Client  : Old client as in what? Game client, air client? Even the Adobe Air client is not  easily changeable without complications and a metric ton of bugs to sort out before it's up to the consumer standard, and we all know how the average player deals with bugs.     Points 3-5  : They have been addressed with answers from Riot, we just need the ETA on them fixes.     Moving down to his impressively long phrase of how a MOBA should be ordered by roles. Since when did these ideas of "supports should never have more meaningful plays than the other roles" or "there should only be 2 carries per team" became the golden rules of a MOBA? These basically translates into:   Well I like to play support but if my ADC is a complete tool I lost.   Well I like to jungle but I better make sure those to important roles snowball like crazy or else I lost.   Not to mention that the last part kinda backlashes into toxicity, being dependent on particular individuals means you are forced to be at their disposal regardless of how bad or insulting they are.
1	SRSLY RIOT THIS SHIT IS SO FUCKED UP!   This is the kind of important content I hope to see on this subreddit.  Things that truly matter.  Let us all demand Riot's attention for  dumbass complaints  what really matters.
0	The problem is in the isolated institution of schools these kids can be completely helpless against more than just name calling, especially when the teaching staff doesn't seem to give a crap.   When I was in middle school I was the class punching bag, I was insulted, harassed, pushed around, milk was thrown at me, etc. This all despite the fact I was the strongest kid in my grade and the second tallest. Worst of all, the girls in my grade also despised me, which as you could imagine did wonders for my self esteem. It eventually got to the point where every day was a battle. Even though I was the strongest I was also the gentlest. I didn't want to hurt anyone and they took advantage of that. I hit a breaking point and decided to fight, I threw people to the ground, shoved them, even stepped on a kid's neck once. It didn't do anything though, there were too many and they just weren't content unless I was miserable.   Being taught coping skills didn't help. I had a therapist, a sensei, and a very supportive family. But 35 hours a week I was forced into a completely desolate hostile environment bereft of anyone positive to me. At that point I wanted to kill myself or do a Columbine, so I was pulled out of school halfway through eighth grade before going to a magnet art high school 10 miles away so I'd never see these people again.   Sorry for the huge story, though it felt good to get it off my chest. My point is that in the adult world that kind of behavior is not only discouraged but criminal as either assault or harassment. So when you hear about dozens of kids killing themselves or other classmates due to bullying it isn't as simple as suggesting, oh just teach them to deal with it.   Luckily I still turned out well adjusted, have more friends than I could want, and have a fine love life.
0	My high school US/World History teacher told me that I "will never ammount to anything" because I was too lazy. It pissed him off to no end that I would Ace every single test or quiz he gave but would fuck off or doodle in class and couldn't answer a single question about the reading (because fuck reading).   The sad part is he gave these simple multiple choice exams based solely on the lecture; as long as I half listened and used some common sense, they were cake. He could have changed to some essay questions if he wanted to ding or fail me based on subjective grading but he was too, wait for it, LAZY to change his 15 year old MC tests.
1	I meant Mandarin. So my facts were correct in my head just not properly executed on the page. I'm not "expecting" anyone to learn any language. Also, your . See everyone can make errors when typing their thoughts onto the page. And it's . And yes I am using English because it is my first language but good attempt at making me seem like the bad guy I guess? And I'm not doing any twisting of figures. And again I did not "suggest" anyone doing anything merely inquiring if you notice the question marks at the ends of my sentences. And again, reporting someone for not learning a language is very dumb, which was what my original comment was trying to get across that you obviously could not comprehend. But thank you for your response that oh so utterly destroyed the argument that was never there in the first place.
1	the problem is most items people are "rushing" these days are in the upwards amount of 2.8k - 3.8k. While I do love how cheap wriggles is, the jungle items are meant to give great cheap stats that benefit a lot in the mid game (to compensate for it being meh in the late game)   but if we are comparing, spirit of the spectral wraith and lizard are both MUCH better stat efficiency than wriggles AND they cost 400 to 700 respectively more. BOTH of these items overall gold worth is much higher than their cost (each atleast 400 above what you pay).   Wriggle's on the other hand is very cheap, takes a slot with 1600 gold cost, gives you some stats at a very small discount (with the added ONE ward every 3 minutes). 35 min game avg (on the high side) say you have it after 11 min (likely) 24min. 24/3 = 8. 8 * 75 gold = 600 gold. This means if you have a 35 min game (pretty average time for summoners), you will get 600 gold if you place it EVERY chance possible for vision.   The farce of this is UNLIKE other jungle items you are paying for an item that pays off in the long term, and putting an item in a slot for 1600 gold in the short term. This means you blow the advantage another cheap item could generate by having better stats, for picking an item that will benefit you only rarely for mediocre stats early that you will basically need to sell after a while anyways.
0	We use SCART over here in Europe because it ia a multi purpose connector. It can carry composite signals (RCA) but also RGB and S-Video. Most video game consoles and DVD players here came with composite (RCA) cables and SCART adapters because it was cheaper to produce. However dedicated SCART cables produce a much better image in case RGB video is supported by the device. I currently use my PS1 and 2 as well as my Mega drive, GameCube and SNES over RGB/SCART on my LCD TV and it looks vibrant and crisp, whereas composite/RCA looks washed out.
0	I'm sorry but this is actually a terrible idea. Engine braking will never lock the wheels up, yes, but driveline drag or the shock to the wheels if you're not careful on your downshift can be enough to break traction. Ultimately it doesn't matter if you use the brakes or if you use the engine: the issue isn't slowing the wheel speed down so much as it is keeping the wheels from breaking loose.   Threshold braking is a much better idea because it always takes traction in to account. If you take a little time to find the slip point in bad weather, you should be able to get a good feel of when you still have traction and when you don't, and adjust accordingly.
0	Does it not bother anyone else that almost every tiny transaction at the pharmacy counter requires a HIPAA acknowledgement, but these conversations are allowed to happen in the open, sans privacy?   How it goes down...   Customer:  I'm here to pick up my prescription.   PharmTech:  Ok, under what last name?   Customer:  Williams.   PharmTech, walks over to the bins: First name?   Customer:  Um, Jake.   PharmTech:  Oh, here it is.  2 scrips, right? Valtrex and Phenergen suppositories?  Do you know how to use these?  Do you have any questions?   Customer:  Aw for fucks sake, hurry it up already!
0	mental illness is a scary topic for a lot of people since they like to think that we all have a "soul" and it's what causes our personality but confronting mental illness requires people to admit that that's false, and to confront the fact that who we are, is governed by chemicals and weird shit going on inside our brains.
0	I've been on the receiving side of an accident because of this actually. I was in the back seat of my friends car while we were stopped at a stop light. Suddenly a giant white van rear ends us at 30mph! Forces us to hit the two cars in front of us, and totals my friend's car. I luckily only come out of it with a bit of whiplash and an extremely minor and fixable neck issue. The guy's reason for not paying attention was that his fucking chihuahua was trying to get off his lap.....
1	I got used to pressing Y to switch between the two. I usually play unlocked on purple side most of the time, and in lane when I CS, because it makes it easier when you're moving around a lot (just that little bit harder to click a minion when your camera is moving). I look at other places on the map by dragging my mouse on the minimap, and in teamfights I play locked camera, as I find it much easier to aim skillshots, and see where the heck my character is in locked screen.   Playing locked screen doesn't make you a noob, heck, Dyrus plays locked screen.
0	10 years and no advancement ? You must be an outstanding employee , and I'm sorry if my 14 years experience  tig welding as a custom metal fabricator  and another 5 years operating a mill , lathe and water jet be lies my ignorance.  It might have something to do with the fact I'm an operations manager now and see employees who do the bare minimum and complain when I don't see the potential or qualities that they so erroneously believe themselves to have.
1	I just want to say that: I just made a new smurf account so that I could get a new account to try ranked with, without tainting my main.   When I chose the initial skill level, I selected the easiest one because I figured that would match me against the most people.   What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all smurfing. People are building double GP10, warding, using shurelya's, randuins and aegis.   I must say that there are a few people that have been absofuckinglutely retarded, but most people that  aren't  smurfing seem to be picking up the game a  lot  faster than I did because of people being helpful for honor points.   That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains last-hitting, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you do not listen, you are going to be in for a rough time.
1	You may not like the "don't buy it" comments; but that is our feedback to your suggestion (and also the most realistic option), just like you are making a suggestion to Riot.   And you are certainly welcome to provide feedback, but that doesn't mean Riot must do what you suggest.   The bottom line here is there isn't much incentive for Riot to update/change Pulsefire Ezreal. The skin has already sold and following Riots prior philosophy, is unlikely to receive an update unless Ezreal gets a Visual Update.   I saw your comment about how Riot should do it because it is the "fair" thing to do for the community "they love." Let me ask you this: Does "fair" result in profit for Riot? Chance are pretty high Riot only "loves" its community because it generates profits for them.
1	We'll if you win the system raises your mmr and everyone in your game has higher mmr. So 4 better team mates and 5 better opponents. It's up to you to step up and play better or you will lose.   If you lose then that's 5 worse opponents and 4 worse team mates so you should be able to carry. If you lose you get knocked down farther.   My guess is you went on a big, kind of lucky win streak through silver as soon as you got out of bronze all the way up to silver 2. Then you stopped lucking out and your heightened mmr caught up to you. The exact same thing happened to me. I went from silver 5 to silver 2 in a week. The next week I was silver 4. It took me a month or two to get to silver 1 and fail my gold promo which is where I am now.   My advise is this: the sooner you acknowledge that you are where you deserve to be the better. Ultimately you lost those games. As soon as the game is over it doesn't matter what happened in game. It is only a win or a loss. It is called solo queue for a reason. You are the only person you can depend on or blame. If you die in ranked it is your fault and yours alone. The afk's and trolls will statistically balance out or even be in your favor as long as you don't troll or afk.
1	I really  love  how Riot has been implementing all these champs with super unique mechanics and high skill caps. At first use they are fun, challenging and strong... but once you learn how to harness their skillset they are exponentially stronger. The decisions between offense and defence, positioning, mind games, play styles, etc. Fuck yeah Riot. Draven, Jayce and Zyra in recent times are just amazing champs all around. Even Lulu is a sweet fucking champ.
1	If you get mad playing an online game, during your second online match ever,you should probably just not play online games. It's the internet. Get over the idea that everyone should be everyones friend. By waiting until level 30 to play PvP games, you handicapped your level 30 team who all know how to play the game, by only having a clue how to play against bots.   The reason people actually play PvP at low level is to A. learn how to play against humans who have some what of a clue. and B. You get matched against people in your relative skill zone, unless you get matched against smurfs, in which case, you probably lose.
0	There are millions of undiagnosed spergians out there. Guy at the college for people on disability i went to was one of the most autistic people i have ever met but he was there because he had migraines. He also refused to believe he had any form of autism.
0	My sisters and I went out for a late supper one night. We had a really great waitress who gave us lots of attention. Just as we finished she came by and cleared our plates. Here's where it gets weird: she then proceeded to place the entire stack of dishes in the plants beside our table, as she was asking us if we wanted any dessert. We haltingly said "no...thanks" wondering what the hell she was doing. Turns out she was just getting off shift. Our new waitress came to take the plates, noticed them sitting in plants, and gave us the dirtiest look as she dug them out of the mud. We tipped generously having enjoyed our table-side dinner show :)
0	The r/atheism circlejerk love bandwagons....you could post the exact same thing in r/Christianity and get 10 upvotes but the same thing gets you thousands in r/atheism!
1	Who gives a fuck. People like hearing real shit not just sugar coated formalities and it is very true that TSM gets no respect from the other teams. For some reason the other teams feel entitled as the losers to talk shit because the winners should be gracious. Fuck that.   Reginald kept it real. Dignitas did get stomped and if you look at every past Lan victory they've had in the 6-7 months leading to this, this was a stomp and the easiest finals they've won. All of it real. And you care way too much about some internet persona's feelings.
0	You're entitled to your opinion, but isn't that a bit of a generalization ? There's all kind of animes, some serious ones, some funny ones, some stupid ones and so on. I used to think like you, hated Dragon Ball Z and Sailor Moon and Saint Seiya that were always on TV (O and that soccer one too, but I hate soccer so...). I hated the aesthetics (well, Saint Seiya looked ok I guess), they were really slow and boring, and when something finally happened, they were needlessly violent before becoming super slow again.   Then I caught  Full Metal Alchemist , so it was funny for teenager me. Over time, I grew hooked. The story is awesome and well paced, the characters are very deeply developed as well as their interconnections, and the animation is really well done and pretty IMO. Also the soundtrack is amazing. And it's limited in length, there's 51 episodes and it's done (yes there's been a sequel series, but I haven't watched it yet, and the 51 episodes are a complete story by themselves). I rewatch the whole thing roughly every 2-3 years since then, and it's awesome every single time. I've watched a few other animes since, and it's hit or miss, I'll like some, I won't like others.
0	I just called Verizon last week looking to cancel my FiOS TV but keep the Internet and the agent on the line was acting pretty funny because I guess in her mind I wasn't being clear enough that I wanted to cancel.   I kept saying things like, "It just doesn't seem to make sense to downgrade my TV package, because the price only goes down $10 per month, the only way I save more than that is to just cancel, right?"   She told me to stop answering my own questions and just tell her what I want to do. In my mind, I couldn't tell her what I wanted to do until she confirmed all of my options (because I really did want to cancel, I just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything). So finally I was like, "Yea, I want to cancel the TV service".   She put me on hold to "look up what she'd be able to do" and came back and said "it's letting me give you a $15 per month credit if you sign a new contract". I told her I couldn't sign a new contract, she put me on hold again and then said "Actually, it's letting me do that without the contract". So, that's what I took (I would have only saved a few more dollars by actually canceling).
1	Queue up with some friends who don't rage for normal games (if available). At the end of the day it's a video game and you should derive some sort of fun from your experience. I understand that leveling up can be tough. I almost exclusively did it with friends at first. I loved queuing games by myself at first once I hit 30 but after a few bad experiences I would only play if my friends were with me.  I honestly didn't stop having anxiety about playing until I played ranked with a friend. I started to play on my own after that and ran into a few more bad people.  Again, all it took were a few good games to realize that it isn't so bad. If I ran into people who were raging for no reason, raged over first blood, gave up at 10 minutes etc I would mute those people. My ignore list grew and grew. I started to just ignore everything and work on my mechanics/game sense. Had another period where I was too anxious to play then one day I just said "fuck it" and wen't head first into it again.   After all of my practice I noticed that I was significantly better than people around me, the people who "raged". They would get so caught up in what they thought was right that they ignored crucial mistakes that they made. I'm not saying I'm perfect or I make the best plays but I was able to think with a clear head and make game winning turns in fights or pushes. I went from Silver V to Gold in a matter of 2 weeks just focusing on my own game, watching streams and tournaments, and after a month of practicing in normals with friends after I wasn't pleased with how ranked was going.
0	Or the ground could be accelerating towards her dress.
1	Yea. Just paid over 380 for me and my 3 friends tickets to go so that's120 each, plus the Eurostar tickets from the UK and accommodation costs, what I'm saying is it's going to cost us a lot, I at least expect for there to be English commentary on the main stage as that's what hypes me up, I'm hardly going to enjoy it as much without Deman's enthusiasm, Joe Miller's humour, Phreak's puns, Quickshot's charisma, Jatt's analysis and (my favourite) Kobe's great insight into the game.   Missing out on these casters would deal a huge blow to me in all fairness, I really hope Riot sorts this  out as it's not only the English speaking people who want it too, lots of French seem to be preferring to have English commentary too! Riot pls. =(
1	How to win games:   Pick HUEHUEHUEHUE.   Go mid.   Win or lose lane, you are still the CS machine.   Along comes a team fight. HUEHUEHUE instagib their highest physical damage output. Ghost rapes team for you.   Proceed to snowball. Dat % scaling ulti that also scales with enemy AD.
0	Thanks, Ben. I just wanted to dispel something before this thread got too out of hand. I DO have currently have friends to celebrate my birthday with. And a wonderful, wonderful wife.   I get depressed during my birthdays, and I'm think many other people do for similar reasons. I didn't have a lot of friends growing up. I was always too embarrassed to invite schoolmates over to my place. My parents were immigrants and I always felt like my household was too poor and too weird (minority) for my white friends to hold a party. It was also right after the school year, so it was even more awkward for me to think about calling up schoolmates that I never hung out with outside of school. Not having childhood birthday parties with friends was very depressing as a kid, and it's one of the few reasons for me to still get depressed as an adult.   I apologize immensely if I misled anybody in this post. I should have told everybody sooner than now. Seeing so many redditors come out and mutually celebrating not only my birthday, but the birthdays of so many other redditors was too good of a feeling. I just didn't want to stop people from celebrating.   To any redditors who feel cheated by me, I am very, very sorry! Please continue to shower birthday wishes upon those who deserve it!   To any redditors whose birthdays are today (or tomorrow or any other day) and feel Forever Alone: You are not alone! You will always have the reddit community. You will likely have your family. You will likely have friends around you that you didn't realize. And if you don't, you can send me a message and I'll try call you up myself and wish you a happy birthday! (I apologize in advance if I am a day or two late.)
0	Do you know how to uninstall the Yahoo toolbar, at least? jk   I'm bored so I'll explain...   What he meant is when you install certain software, you are given the option for a, 'Custom' install or, 'Standard' install.   The standard install will often default to giving you a marked checkbox that will install an additional application or add-on; In this case, Yahoo Toolbar. You have to un-check it to  not  receive the toolbar.   Running the custom install may give you the option to change the install directory and/or make other changes before installation, but more often than not, it is just the same as the standard install, but without the checkbox for additional software marked by default.
0	Lets remember, original PS3's had backwards compatibility, but this was cut to reduce cost in later versions.
0	Which ones?     Kill transit city? Yes.     Save the taxpayers money? Debatable. The aforementioned killing of transit city will have cost us anywhere from 40 to 100 million. He used city staff to coach football, they have now linked up many times he was supposed to at council meetings but he was out meeting drug dealers. His 1 billion dollar sound bite has been proven again and again to be unequivocally false.     Balance the budget? No. At least not in the way he promised I.e. to finally balance the budget. The city of Toronto legally must run a balanced budget every year. It had been balanced for a long time before he came into power.     stop the gravy train? A hard no. This is possibly the most egregious of his false promises. In terms of efficiences at city hall, David Miller's last year in office had over 300 million in surplus which is due to budget efficiencies. Ford did reduce councilors individual budgets but it's such an incredibly miniscule amount of Toronto's total budget it's almost negligible. And any gain he did make in that area is totally offset (morally and financially) with his reckless finances within his own staff. In his last few months in office he has allegedly given continual raises to his staffers so they stick around. Not to mention paying David Price almost double what the last guy got.       -stop the willy nilly spending at city hall. Debatable. He has slowed the overall growth of the city budget. But the city still spends more now than it did under Miller (which is to be expected with inflation).     stop the car registration tax. Yes.     no more tax increases. No. Property taxes are going up thanks to his 2 subway stops.     build subways. Yes. At an incredible cost to the taxpayer we are building 2 subway stops. Although arguable this had little to do with him and was Katen Stintz.     Privatize garbage. Yes.       Okay I'm done. Sorry to rant for so long, that was mostly for me. Im just so frustrated to keep hearing people defend his personal failings with his political record which, by any standards, is not something to be proud of.
1	For this particular game I started with a Regrowth Pendant and 1 Health Potion just like Phreak.   I rushed Boots 1, philosopher stone, and sheen for my early game lane presence and burst. My lane partner was an Alistar coordinated over vent to pass me kills in lane so I left lane phase 4-2-0 and easily finished Trinity Force.   After building Trinity Force I deviated from Phreak's build and rushed a Randuin's Omen so I could provide some utility to my team in between bursts.   I used my ultimate to control a Caitlyn to great effect. I was able to knock a few towers down with her help and in team fights it wrecked their carries.   Without my ultimate I felt I could not do much other than burst with a W, Q, E combo and then back out from the incoming damage. My opinion of him is that anything he does can be done better by another bruiser AD champion.   Things I noticed during this game:     I did not build a manamune or tear -> Mana was constantly low. The Philo Stone is not enough to fix this without being conservative with your spell usage. If you are conservative then you have no ghouls out and your passive is not used.     Ghouls often chased after champions only to die immediately. Their effective time was much less than 5 seconds.     The damage on q was nice once I had Trinity Force but before then it felt lackluster.     The slow on e helped me escape quite a bit. People were less likely to pursue after the slow but when chasing it felt rather weak.     The burden of knowledge required for the ultimate makes it very useless as a temporary revival tool. I explained it before the fight but people still fled after they had died and been brought back.     I use the e as a poking and ranged last hitting ability in lane and it works great but the mana cost is the biggest contributor to my mana problems.
1	I see that you state the numbers are made up. This is quite true, to illustrate, 37 armor doesn't block 37% physical damage much the same way that 100 armor doesn't block 100% of physical damage. If you want a number to go off of, 25 armor reduces physical damage by 20%.   Rammus has 300 armor. That is not a 93% reduction.  1378 armor is what is required for a ~93% reduction.   I understand that you are trying to explain how the formulas work, but with such a small disclaimer at the bottom, I don't want people to take your numbers to heart and wonder why they are still dying. It would take you not but a few moments to plug in actual numbers, since the math is out there already.
0	He didn't say Amazon's own services go down, he said other sites that use [Amazon's Web Services]( can concurrently experience downtime.   Reddit is [ranked 36]( globally for the amount of traffic it receives. It's also non-profitable as a business. Other sites that rank high are either monetized so that they make enough money to pay for better server services, or they have their own servers.   If that isn't the case, for example in the case of Twitter, which is rank 9, but also non-profitable, you can look at two things.   Finances: [In 2010, Twitter raised $200 million USD and in 2011 $300 million USD.]( Compared to Reddit, which in [2014 raised $50 million USD.]( Basically it's the valuation difference of something like $8.4 billion for Twitter versus Reddit's valuation of $500 million.   Type of site: Twitter is a hit & run site. People drop tweets, read some tweets, respond to tweets, then move on. Reddit users are infamous for the amount of time (bandwidth) they spend on the site. I couldn't find up-to-date information, but this should paint a pretty clear picture:   In 2010, Twitter was getting about [4.4 billion page views a month]( in comparison to an article in 2012 where Reddit is getting about [3 billion page views a month](   What does that tell us? You're looking at only about a 46% increase in page views (bandwidth and cost), but a valuation increase of 1608% (finances and funding).
1	Dude... seriously? Meet OPZan, he just got into a game, with 4 premades in his team. Sadly enough, he accidentally fed the laning opponent, let's call him xPeke, xPeke however, thinks OPZan did a great job in lane, and did everything he could, while all OPZan's team can see is his score. Guess who's having 4 bad reviews?
1	Regretted it why?   I started ranked straight away. I got a bit lucky in placements I think, went into silver. Was in silver 5 for a while. Would periodically climb out, get bored of whatever champs I was maining, fall back down paying new champs, slowly climb again.   This continued until they announced the season end rewards, then I got into gold 5 and now I'm relaxing, learning new champs again.
0	I had an experience like this. I was 17, I believe, and driving back home with a buddy after a bunch of us went to the movies. At the time, the closest theater was about 45 minutes away. We got behind a big, red truck (lots of big, pointless trucks around here). I decided I would pass him when I got to a straight away where the line indicated I could pass him (solid line on left-middle of the road, and dashed line on my side of the, for those who don't know the traffic lines in the US when you are allowed to pass on a 2-way road.), I get beside him and the guy takes off. Down the hill in the lane I am in, the lane with traffic coming the opposite way, is a semi coming my way. I speed up to about 20 over the speed limit, to notice the truck to my right has sped up with me and is directly beside me. I have to drop it two gears and get up about 15 mph faster, just to get in front of him enough to get over, barely missing the semi. The guy tails me the entire way to Gettysburg, which was about a 15 minutes drive. Not knowing the car behind him was a friend of mine. We had been in contact and made a plan, just in case the driver of the truck decided to do something extremely crazy. When you get into Gettysburg the road turns into 4 lanes. We pull up to the first stop sign, and the truck pulls up next to me. The guy driving has his window down and starts screaming at me. I roll my window down to hear, "What the fuck were you thinking back there? My son is in the truck, were your trying to make me look bad in front of my son?" I reply with, "Listen man, you were going 5 under the speed limit, and I was allowed to pass you there. You are the one who almost got me into a wreck with a semi." He then says this, "I wish that semi would've hit your ass. I can't believe you tried to disrespect me like that, especially since my boy is in the car. Go up here to the Sheetz (big gas station chain up in PA), I'll follow you in." Knowing I was just going to pull in the Sheetz, and then drive out the exit on the opposite side we pulled in, I agreed. I pull in with him close to my tail, and speed through the gas station, exiting and hopping onto 15 south. We ended up losing our buddies who were behind him, and later figured out they confronted him at the gas station. The guy supposedly told them that I had flicked them off, and yelled something as we passed, to justify why he had done what he had. None of which was true. Needless to say, it was a nerve-racking/irritating experience, and it caused me to make sure I have enough room to race someone a 1/4 of a mile, before passing them in a legal passing zone.
1	As a shot caller you have to have a game plan. You need to know what you'd do in certain situations BEFORE they actually happen. That way you aren't fishing for ideas during the game itself and you can make snap judgments on the fly. There shouldn't be ANY questions going into the game what your plan as a team is.   Before the game starts, what's your level 1 strat? Based on the match-ups, what lanes are you going to focus? Which lanes are you going to push first? What towers are you going to focus? What's the game plan when all the outer turrets are down? How do you as a team control their jungler to push inner turrets? Who gets oracles?   As a shot caller, it's less about coming up with a strategy on the fly (which you'll have to do sometimes) and more about reminding your team about the strategy you have already discussed and agreed upon and getting them to do it. Shot calling is more about "Team Map Awareness". If you have two outer turrets down and you know you want to push the third, tell your team where to go to do that. If the other team is chasing, instead of getting the third outer tell your team to just push right up the gut and get an inhib. That's shot calling.   But again, it all starts with a plan. As a jungler in solo-Q, here's my gameplan outline that helps me be the shot caller and strategizer for my teams. It's amazing how well this helps me win ladder games.     Find which lane is winning the hardest. Focus the shit out of that lane, snowball it, and take the tower.   Roam with the won lane and take the next tower, usually mid.   As a team take the third outer turret.   Once you have all outers, I usually pick up oracles and as a team we ward and take control of their jungle.    Once we have full jungle control, begin moving as a team to catch them out of position and push inner turrets.   Once all inner turrets are down, continue to control their jungle. Siege an inhib turret if your team comp allows it. Otherwise wait to have a numbers advantage or try to force an objective and win a teamfight away from the inhib tower. If you're way ahead, consider diving. Take the inhib.   Once you have an inhib down it's all a patient game to win. Push another lane and let the super minions push. Once they have to defend that lane, win the 4v5 or 3v5 and take another inhib.    Rinse, repeat, win. You shouldn't lose games where you have two inhibs down.     Play with urgency, control objectives, control vision. As a shot caller, it's your job to memorize that formula and let your team know when it's time to do what. That's the basis of shot calling. Keeping your team on track. Once you get better at it, you can make more snap judgments about baron, fast pushing, etc.
1	Normals are for tryhards who can't deal with the pressure of ranked or drunk/high guys who couldn't care less.   Bots of for people afraid of being harassed by the tryhards, and getting familiar with what skills do, eg. reading tooltips.   Ranked is for those comfortable with their play and want to chill out or are home to the guys completely and absolutely positive they should be diamond when they're getting caught out constantly because they have no map awareness.
1	This always happens, I had a game where our whole team made mistakes and threw an easily winnable game (Gold 1 MMR level) and afterwards the Mid Nidalee was explaining how troll we all were compared to him.   I explain his actual mistakes and explained how the difference is I could admit I made mistakes and will hopefully learn from them but he needed to get over the fact he sucked just as bad.   His response was just linking his supposed main account. I just replied "what has your main account got to do with the fact of how badly you played in this game".
0	Reading history books from countries on different sides in the war and making my own opinion on the subject while considering their history as a whole, as flawed as it may actually be, i believe that to consider Germany as the bad guy and US as the good guy is wrong.   Sure Germany was ruled by crazy racist zealots who ordered the deaths of millions of people they didn't like and of course they started the war intent on conquering the world to create a unified genetically pure empire, but half of that can be forgiven considering they were one of the last imperialistic states in the world.   However, calling the US a good guy is terribly wrong. They only entered the war for themselves. Quite selfish assholes really...
1	ok even though this might not get read at all ill just go ahead since i got nothing else to do atm.   yes, it is true that EUW looks like its being treated under the average, and i dont deny that maybe boycott could work, but it could also not work, since RIOT is already working on getting new servers. the thing is, they really care about their players in general, and they do a lot to help the players. They have no obligation for example to give you the 3RP you need for that skin you love in exchange for a sketch. They listen to what the players ask, they try to improve with our constant complaints, they make skins based on what we think it would be awesome, these are just a few examples. so, yes, you can be mad that your favorite FREE game is having some issues on a certain server, but you also have to understand that it is not easy to run a huge community without some down times.
0	Even if he didn't say this, it's in the same  format  as a common phrase of his.   More than once, he has said: "I don't see race. But people tell me I'm white and I believe them because  [insert white clich here] "   I might have gotten it slightly wrong, but that's approximately how he often says it.   OP took that format and inserted his own thing. It's how some memes are born. Kind of like how the New York rent party dude never said: "The amount of reposts here ... is too damn high" (just a random meme phrase)
1	Does not makes sense because honor system is not a working system and this usage has many expoliting points:   1) If he is chat restricted, and he can't talk, why would I honor him? Is he friendly? Teamwork or helpful without talking?   2) Opposite team: Is he honorable because he is a toxic player without the means to be toxic? (.e. Can't chat so doesn't type 'gg easy')   3) I have no idea whether he is chat restricted or simply not talking. Why would you honor someone who is not talking at all?   4) Penalties should be penalties, if he redeems himself then he won't get chat restricted again. In NHL, does the players get reduced time penalties because 'they sit quietly in the bench'?   5) There are so little players that actually honour stuff that should be honoured, so it would be inconsistent. Player A and player B can get 50 game chat restriction with the same amount of toxicity but player A gets less games because someone decides to honour him for a random reason? Where is the sense in that?   6) Players would abuse it bu getting on with friends and getting them to honour them. This can only be countered by honor counting from not acquainted players, which goes to points 1-5.   Chat restriction is not something default that everyone has that gets worse with reports. It is a punishment. Not a karma-like system anyways.   T
1	Well I'm to say that building atmas is still going to be situational, just as any 6th item and/or defensive item for an ad carry will be.   A couple of points to defend my atmas item choice.   The cost efficiency of atmas is actually a common Misconception.   Atmas costs 2300 gold, when you talk about the stats (not including the passive) it only gives 1600 value of stats. However at about 1100 health which will give the equivilant of 15 ad (which equals 700g) it becomes cost efficient.   So as long as a champion has 1100 health they get their value from the item.   An AD at level 18, has about 1800 health. So they have already crossed the break even point, so any additional health that they gain at this point feeds into more ad and more gold value.   Next point, atmas now builds out of an avarice blade, which is a gp5 item. The above gold stats/efficiency is calculated on raw base stats when bought straight up.   Having a gp5 component only increases the cost efficiency more, depending on how much time you sat on it, and also how much farm you were able to accomplish on it.   Now moving onto zephyr. It costs 2800g but it is valued at about 3650 in terms of its gold value (this value does not however include the tenacity passive)   So while you could say that on a raw level zephyr is more cost efficient than atmas, that doesn't meant that Atmas is cost inefficient. Using this build of including frozen mallet of a level 18 adc, atmas efficiency jumps up even more (15ad=1100hp=600g).   Cooldown reduction is not a neccessary or useful stat on all AD carries. Late game Caitlyn is all about auto attacking, if you use any ability you dps drops significantly, this includes your escape, ult and poke with q.   Last point to make is the way tenacity works. Tenacity does not (at least currently, it's a feature in the works for the future) reduce knockups. Again I go back to the bruiser example of Vi and Xin Xhao, both of whom use knockups as part of their cc kit. So having zephyr against slows and other cc's very useful, but has no purpose when you are trying to counter knockup. Vi and Xin being the most popular and effective junglers in the current meta right now, they are the biggest threat.   Next up, Vi's ultimate has a really long range and can't be interrupted or stopped. So if you are facing a Vi prepare to be ulted by her and be prepare to take some damage from it.   Also Vi's passive on her W does a % based dmg on you. So If you want to counter this ability alone, you need armor.  (Can you tell I hate Vi already).   Last point, I don't have the math for this one to back it up, but I'll explain it conceptually.   My build has infinity edge but it does not have a standard attack speed of item of statik shiv or phantom dancer. Coincidentally or rather by design these items also carry a crit %.   Once you have the attack speed from Botrk it is more than enough to keep its %hp active useful. So on its own its own it feeds itself. But late game you still need crits as well for your high dmg as an adc. Hence why a build even with a Botrk should not skip and IE. if you had IE by itself the items of PD and statik shiv synergise the best with it because of the increased attack speed and crit chance. A combination of all stats of attack speed, attack damage, crit chance all feed into the higher dps of infinity edge and its increases %dmg. BUUUT we have already have an attack speed item in the forms of Botrk. We don't however have the crit chance stat which we would normally get from a PD or SS. While it may be the least important stat, it is still a neccessary stat that's why it is added last in this build. But it still exists and is needed for maximum dps, esp since we are talking about a late game 6 item build. If you are kog maw or vayne however, after having an IE having a second attack speed item may be more beneficial than another ad item or crit chance item.
1	About Sona, I think the nerfs were more than justified (if a little too much at first, which is why she received a buff afterwards). Sona was basically capable of killing almost any combination of champions on bot lane all by herself, while being nigh unkillable with her heals/W power chord. She outdamaged any poke lane, could sustain with the best of them, and come level 6 brings one of the best CCs on any support. Not to mention auras. Her auras are much more powerful than they seem.   That last point brings me to something that I agree with you on though. Sona feels very lackluster later on in the game, in my opinion, and part of that is because she has auras. Passive auras don't give the same satisfaction as actives, simply because you don't see them at work.   As for reducing the price on support champions, I don't really see a need to. Yes, I'm annoyed that I had to shell out 6300 IP for Leona/Lulu as much as the next guy, but supports are actually very cheap IP-wise as a whole. For example, the runes you need as a support are dirt cheap, and at least half of them are fairly universal. Gold Quints are (iirc) the cheapest quints in the game, costing about half of most other quints, and a quarter of the rest. Armor seals are really cheap too, and go into pretty much every rune page you'll need for any other role. MR glyphs are a staple of pretty much any runepage too. Finally, Armor marks are dirt cheap: all three of these only cost 205 a pop, which is a lot cheaper than most of the other runes I've bought.   As for the champion pricing itself, take a look at viable champions in other roles, and then at supports. Compare the IP costs. Again, supports need spend a lot less IP to get to the strong champions than other roles, imo. (Nunu, Alistar, Janna, and Taric are some of the strongest supports, and they all cost 1350 IP or less.)
1	To add on to this post, I feel like I should say that just because (once you've figured it out) chose a role to "main" doesn't mean that you should just play that role and only that role. You can play it the most. But don't feel entitled to it when with randoms, because you will inevitably come across people who think the same way for the same lane as yours and that is when arguments start.
1	Want to know how much damage you'll do? Do the math.  League of Math   But seriously, just do the math. Practicing like that will only do about as much as playing against bots will, as every game is going to be different regardless of your build order. Different players on different champions all having different levels of success that game at any given point with different item builds/runes/masteries throws WAY too many constantly changing variables to make practicing like this kind of a mute point.   Just get into the habit of keeping track of what items/stats each target in question has, as it's the only way you're going to KNOW what you can and can't do.
0	So here's a story   My GF and I get off the plane, grab a taxi and check into our hotel. We arrive in our room and take a look around. I see these complimentary snacks next to the TV, which include some cashews. I'm starving at this point, so I dig in. The next morning I realize there's a little sign listing the prices of each item. Yep: $19 just for that impulsive handful of cashews before dinner. The rest of our stay I was paranoid about everything in the room. Can I use this? Does this cost money?
1	The best way to play against trynd is to know when to go passive and when to go agro, watch his fury bar, when he has just used his heal (q) you can go agro because it's empty and will allow you to trade better as he wont get as many crits, when his fury bar is full he will go agro because he will likely get 1 or 2 crits off in a trade.
1	I always was a tryhard in Normals (3k normal games, roughly 1.5k before i started ranked), but Ranked and Normal is a Night and Day Difference. Even though it's only an "imaginary point system" it puts pressure on you. You can give your all in Normals, but Ranked is something different. Even if you think that you don't give a shit about your rating, you do, everybody does. It's not easy to explain, but there certainly is a huge difference, between trying really hard in Normals and playing Ranked. Also, Normals are often times pretty bad for learning, because of huge MMR Differences. Lane Matchups are quite often really unbalanced, because people from all ranks are being thrown together. Hidden normal MMR should fix that, but it really doesn't.
1	Gonna have to very much agree with Destiny on this one. He didn't ask for anyone to do anything towards Own3d.tv in his thread. All he did was post a cited page detailing how he wasn't paid for the work he did while in service of the streaming provider.   The fact that "Witch hunting" and "pitchforks" appeared in the thread is a result of other people, not Destiny himself. The correct response for the mods would be to actively watch the post, and delete anything that would be taken as "Witch hunting" (If you really want to delete anything at all).   I understand the desire to keep people from being doxxd, but this is a case where Destiny wasn't paid for months of work by a well-known streaming service, and he wanted all of /r/League to know about it. I imagine his motives were as simple as "Look at how awful these guys are screwing us!"   The people at own3d.tv are going to be harassed, one way or another. Probably more-so with the removal of Destiny's post, because now everyone who has been riled up has a reason to think that the Moderator's are defending own3d. If the fire gets bigger than it was before, it's on your heads.   In conclusion, i sincerely believe the mods made the wrong choice here. Not only does the /r/League community now have a "witch hunt" for own3d.tv, a few bad apples now have one for the Moderators of this subreddit. It wasn't a tactful move to broad-stroke the delete brush on the entire thread, because now its another problem completely.
1	Wait, I thought the 10% lifesteal was flat and you got bonus lifesteal from the extra BorK passive damage? Well...wtf :|   Right now it's you get 10% lifesteal to all the damage you deal with autos but  not  including BotRK Passive damage.   After the patch, it will be 10% lifesteal to all the damage you deal,  including  BotRK passive damage, but remember that all lifesteal is mitigated by armor, so you will never out-lifesteal thornmail with only botrk, because thornmail returns 30% pre-mitigation (which is then mitigated by your own MR).   > As far as damage goes, isn't the cleave a unique passive? So if someone else on your team already builds a black cleaver (which I feel like is very likely) then you won't get the passive applied anyways.   The passive isn't unique currently, but on the new item it will be unique. This is to discourage people from stacking them on a single champion like they did back in Preseason 3. However, the armor shred stacks up to 6 times on all physical damage (both spells and autos). This means that your team can also help you apply stacks if you both build it, until you hit the cap of 6, at which point it just refreshes the duration. This means that even if you have 57% armor pen on a target with cleaver lw, your teammates will still get the 30% armor pen without having to build any item, so it benefits all physical damage that your team deals to the champion you're hitting.
0	I have a special place in my heart for people who stop and actually help when they witness things like this. I was rear ended by a drunk driver 3 consecutive times once. The first time, I thought my car had stalled out (super cold weather makes my clutch sensitive), but the guy tapped me and I didn't realize till we both turned left, I stopped at the next light and he hit me hard. I called the cops to get a report, got out of my vehicle and this guy was like "oh, we're good." and I saw the back of my poor car and told him we were not in fact "good" and that he would be pulling into the gas station with me. So he says no, and with all of the traffic piling up behind us, I crossed my arms and leaned against my car and said "That's cool, we can wait right here then." He was blocked in, so after about 7 minutes of cars honking at us, we pull into the parking lot. I stopped my car, turned it off, and this guy hit me again. For a split second, I thought he was just being a jerk...and then it dawns on me that he had just hit me for the third time, not the second. As I get out of my car, a guy in a suit is running towards us, screaming at the man who hit me. It was kind of amazing. "ARE YOU  ** ing INSANE? YOU JUST HIT HER THREE TIMES" and then he went off, asking this guy if he was drunk, etc. He had been on the phone with the cops, reporting a guy potentially trying to leave the scene of an accident when the third hit occurred. The police actually called my cell phone at that point and asked in a tone of very obvious astonishment, "M'am! Did this man strike your vehicle three times? We have a witness that is reporting that he is intoxicated." I was in a really weird state of mind at this point. This is not shit that could possibly be real life. So I waited till the officer arrived (His last name was husky- awesome.) and as he is approaching the other driver, he straight up falls down while standing still. The witness (who had gone into dad mode at this point because he had a daughter my age) was standing by the whole time, giving a statement while I was video taping drug dogs finding pills and this other guy failing a field test. Anyways, this witness was coming home from the airport, off of a long flight after being out of town for a week, and he STILL took the time to help a stranger. So awesome.
0	I would hope that you have a conversation rather than a consequence.  See what's going on.   Did they get that from a friend or buy it from a store?   That creates a real opportunity to talk about sex (note, I'm under the impression that we're talking about teenagers here).  Is the discussion comfortable?  No, probably not, but if a time to tell them the basics:   Condoms need a little practice.   You can actually get someone pregnant and get a sexually transmitted infection (used to be called an STD now known as STI) by trying to put it on, realizing it's upside down and flipping it after it's been on the tip of the penis.   That one second might have picked up some pre-cum which can be enough for problems.  Encourage them to practice this in their own space, privately in order to better understand the mechanics.   Condom amnesty.   If the teen is going forward, I would rather be part of the proactive discussion  than paying child support for a child that they weren't ready for.    Make them aware of how to get them (drug store, local health clinic, etc.)   Condoms break down.   If you're going to be active, make sure that YOU buy them so that you know what fits you best and works as it should.   As unpleasant as it is to imagine your kid growing up too fast, it's better to be part of the discussion rather than being left out of the loop.  If they know that you're going to freak out, sneaking around you will follow.   As a parent with a teenager, I dread the day when it becomes obvious that he's gone into the crazy hormone and experimentation phase.   Do I want him to become intimate with someone?  Hell no!  The reality is that I can at least give all the information ahead of time and make him aware of the resources that will help.
1	It's not that, its the fact the entirety of the twitch staff is now abusing streamers and nuking them or banning them, terminating partnerships, etc. Its out of hand, its not right, its morally wrong and its bad for business too. If anything it'll help Twitch if they just apologize but we have to catalyse the whole thing or nothing will happen if people just let it drop, kinda like how Occupy Wallstreet just suddenly dropped because it stopped getting noticed, there needs to be enough twitch streamers, namely the most famous of them, the League of Legends streamers, in order to get noticed by the majority. Its pretty much the only way because the staff are too stubborn at the moment, they'd be committing financial suicide if they banned a featured League streamer so they have to listen to them, or if they ban them, listen to their viewers.
1	Champions cost between 260 and 975 RP (excluding sales) so a $25 card buys about 3 - 4 champions. Alternatively, RP can be used to buy skins which cost between 390 and 3250 (again, excluding sales) so that $25 card will likely buy between 2 and 5 skins. Also, as we head into the Christmas season, Riot is going to be releasing a number of holiday skins for a limited time that will probably go for between 520 and 975 so your $25 gift card would buy two of the 975 skins and one 520 which is probably about half of what they will release.   It isn't a huge amount of points but it will get him a good selection of nice shiny new things to play with. I have spent quite a lot of cash on this game and if someone gave me one of those cards, I would be really happy, I can only imagine that someone who spends very little cash would be even happier. You could maybe stretch it to $50 (2*$25 cards) but that would be the absolute upper limit of what I feel would make an acceptable gift without it being overboard.
1	Watch closely when xpecial spawns](   He walks out of pool with Molten Shield on. First stack of Pyromania. He flash Incinerates. Second stack. Then he drops the Summon: Tibbers. Third stack. Right after the Disintegrate flies at Shiphtur. Fourth stack of Pyromania. You see every four ability casts Annie's next damaging spell will stun the target for 1.25/1.5/1.75 seconds. It is the fifth spell. Hence Annie's attacking quote "Let's count to 5!". It is impossible to obtain a stun in that period of time.   However you are not incorrect in that Tibbers did not land on Shiphtur. Had it he would have died, and with no enemy minions nearby the game would have continued for some time. In fact the Disintegrate may not have even been needed had Tibbers landed, as the Q damage was roughly half of Shiphtur's remaining health and Tibbers does almost twice the damage as Disintegrate.
0	It also depends on the car...  Braking performance varies substantially among production cars.   If you are in Chevy Aveo (60-0mph in 139ft) following two car lengths behind a Corvette Z06  (60-0mph in 93ft), then even with instantaneous reaction time you are still over a car length too close to prevent an accident.  This discrepancy only gets larger with speed.
0	Yeah, but most women are far more picky about partners. It has been shown that around 80% of men are considered below average attractiveness by women. That's pretty crazy. that means only 1 in 5 dudes has a shot if she thinks she is worth an average guy. And most people don't want to settle for average. They want hot. That means the average woman will pass over 80-95% of men for intercourse.
0	I used to do this too. Now I just go ahead and walk up to them to say hi.  I deduced that people tend to be more embarrased about these type of situations than they would like to admit so then I concluded that it was entirely possible for them to have noticed me a while back and that  they  were the ones too embarrased to say hello.   So I started just walking up and saying hello (or waving from afar).  Also, when I do walk up to them, I don't linger there hoping for small talk (it usually is awkward) so I just say Hi nice to see you, wait for the reply and leave.   But Wawin, what if they don't remember you? Well, after I walk up to them and say Hello I'm pretty sure they'll remember me the next time around and it will be less awkward; maybe next time they'll say hi to me. So we all win!
0	At one point I worked at Target as an overnight stocker, so I have a really terrible insight into this problem. As a girl I had to do the clothing sections really often (the job assignments were really sexist, btw). Putting away clothes was quite awful. Everything for the entire men's, women's, kid's and babies' clothing section came all mixed together in a giant cardboard box. My job would be to open all the boxes, one at a time and sort the clothes by section. There were usually three or four pallets of these boxes. The first half of the night is sorting, the second is putting crap on the shelves.  Jeans were so hard because the sizes they sent to be put out were absolutely random. There brand would be completely random. The color would be completely random. You never appreciate how many different variables of men's jeans there are till you're trying to match the brand, color, size, style of individual, unfolded pairs of jeans on a [wall]( of shelving for every pair of jeans that's not on a rack. The wall runs half the length of the men's dept. Oh, and the day's worth of customers leaves this section a jumbled chaotic pile of random. Nothing is where it's supposed to be, and half the stuff you have doesn't have a spot designated on the little crappy guide on the wall. There's number combinations that don't exist, and color/style combos that you'll have one of, and no others to match it up to. So in the end you just find it a spot and move on. You still have to do the underwear/socks section.
1	Well that is easy to prove (somewhat). This is one word where the general definition can be misleading. Common knowledge often defines a sport as a physical activity that requires someone to work hard in order to accomplish something. That is almost saying that you can't say you did sport if you didn't shead a sweat (Not saying LoL Pro's don't sweat in competition...I am sure it smells on that stage). That is simply not true.   There are two aspect to defining a "Sport"; Competition and Skills.   Competition  First of all there is no such thing as a competitive sport; the word sport implies competition. If you are not competing it's an activity. Then again, there are many ways to define competition. If I go running outside by myself (or with a person or a group), you might say I am doing an activity (since I am not competing), but if I run against someone (or even time), you can call it a sport. There are different many ways to see and define it.   Skills  Another misleading word, Skill, doesn't necessarily mean being good at something, but a "Precise Movement". This could mean a lot of things; a kick in soccer, a pass in hockey, shooting an arrow, etc. Those are a few obvious once. Let me ask you this. Would you consider moving a pawn in chess a precise movement...some would (that is where the dilemma of what is a "sport" to this day).   Conclusion (Finally, Fawk)  Lets take this further; not just LoL, but e-sports in general.   Competition:  No need for a long explanation, ABSOLUTELY!   Precise Movements:  Moving a curser with a mouse might seem too easy to be considered precise  for most, but even selecting a folder on your desktop can be considered a precise movement. The hand-eye coordination required to play any video game competitively is beyond precision. So yes, definitely, gaming requires precise movements.   EDIT: You Probably got it if you Read all of it, but I forgot to formally say it.   Competitive Gaming is a Sport, no doubt in my mind....unless they change the fuckin definition again...
0	Depends if you're asking something or suggesting an idea. Lots of times you see "google it" as a response to "How do I open 2 spreadsheets in Excel". Something that has a solid answer and requires no discussion. You don't see it with a post like "Hadoop is a more efficient database than SQL, because...". The ignorant way to phrase that post would be "Is Hadoop a more efficient database than SQL?". You can google that, and your phrasing doesn't encourage discussion, it encourages a simple answer. Just like how bad teachers just stand up there asking questions looking for the "right" answer and good teachers suggest an idea, have students discuss, and never so much as suggest a "right answer" even exists. Maybe a "best answer as of current knowledge" but never ONE "right answer".
0	I went into a program at the hospital for this surgery.  I got so much support from the program itself, that I lost 29lbs and quit the program.   When anyone enters the program, the doctors have to make sure the patient's body is good to go for surgery and there won't be complications.  The doctors have to do alot of tests.  The hospital ended up finding out that my acid reflux had deteriorated some of my stomach lining and after discussions with the dietician, we theorized that the stomach irritation was causing me to eat more to make my stomach feel better.  So we upped my medication for the acid reflux and BAM no more random painful hunger aches.  No more headaches if I don't satiate the hunger aches (don't know how that works, but it stopped).  I was finally able to eat the portion sizes I wanted to (before I was intentionally eating more, because I knew if I didn't, I'd get hunger pains and headaches).   My dietician and I also discussed that sometimes "false" hunger pains can come from dehydration.  So I committed to drinking lots of water and trying water if I get a hunger pain in the middle time between meals and snacks.  I then discovere that there actually were times when I thought I was legitimately hungry, but water solved the problem.   The program also had me seeing a behaviourist who helped me realize that I was eating from stress.  I didn't realize it, but I was using junk food to soothe my emotions after having difficulty at work.  The behaviourist not only made me realize this, but helped me to plan ways to reduce that work stress (journalling, talking with the boss).  He also helped me to find alternative activities to do instead of eating when I had cravings.  I came up with a whole bunch of activities, so if I don't feel like doing one of them or one's not really doing it, I have lots of options.   All of these life changes were necessary in order to get the surgery and necessary after the surgery in order to keep the weight off forever.  So I had already admitted to myself that, surgery or not, these changes are staying.  Then I figured, if I'm losing weight like this and I'm doing this for the rest of my life, surgery or not, why get the surgery?  Why risk dumping and malnutrition?   Since I quit the program, the hospital is going to place me in another non-surgical program, since the support has been the main factor in my success.
0	Semi-related story time! I applied to Office Depot a couple weeks ago. They called me shortly after to come in and take an assessment test. Got a call the next day asking to set up an interview. Scheduled the date, go to the store the day of the interview and after waiting for 30 minutes they tell me the hiring manager isn't at the store. Reschedule the interview for the next day the same time. An hour before the interview they send me a generic email saying the spot was filled and they didn't get a chance to look at my resume.
1	I posted this in response to some other guy, but I'd copypastarinopinobino it here:   Caitlyn's E range is quite small, less than her autoattack range and probably even the radius of Malphite ult. Since it's impossible to know whether Malph is aiming straight at the current location, slightly behind (like most people), or just straight up max range, it's better to flash when getting hit is guaranteed death. Also QSS doesn't affect knockups, so Caitlyn would've probably been dead before she hit the ground from a full combo. It would be like using a Gragas E or Riven, but then seeing a Malph ult. Would your dash animation move out of the way fast enough to dodge the ult radius when you're already unsure of the exact aiming point? 99% of the time it's better to flash.
0	I am an ectomorph and I was paired up with another scrawny dude for my Red Cross Advanced Lifesaving course.  Neither of us had positive buoyancy so rescue drills with him were fear-inducing.  I submarined my way through them.  BREATH dunk swim swim surface BREATH dunk swim swim surface...   For the final test I got to work with an instructor who was a total butterball.  I could have used her for a life raft!   Rescuing a bony old dude?  I think I'd wait until he got really tired.
0	My friend's parents bought a cabin in Oregon about 10 years ago. They had toured it once with a Realtor, but mainly purchased it for the surrounding land. They closed on the property, and her dad headed off to do Army stuff in another state for a few months. My friend and her mother headed up the mountain to start cleaning the cabin. As they began throwing open the doors and windows, they wake a random guy who was sleeping on the floor in one of the rooms.   They are maybe 10 miles from their closest neighbor, in unfamiliar territory, in a tiny cabin with a strange angry bum.   As it turns out, the dude was some sort of half-squatter, half-survival enthusiast "mountain man" type who was more scared of them than they were of him. After introductions went around, he profusely apologized for startling them, but stood his ground. He insisted that they could all live together, and that he would be more than happy to do his share of the chores in exchange for an "open arrangement". His enthusiasm for communal living waned significantly after learning of the existence of the paterfamilias. He was persuaded, with difficulty, to leave that day, but he came back the following morning "just to make sure" they hadn't reconsidered his offer. (They hadn't.)
1	I love cho. If he plays defensive and just tries to farm and survive early game (a crystalline flask is a great buy since the sustain is great), he will have enough gold income to stay up on items. Use your feast on minions whenever you can to get the health, and build mostly tank items (Randuin's, Visage, Rod of Ages, Warmogs, Merc Treads, etc). I've gotten up to 6k health at level 18, with a solid 180-200 armour and 150-200 MR depending on enemy team comp.
1	Seriously, we're basically restricting Riot from expanding the Runeterra lore by begging incessantly for a new champ every time they mention an non-League of Legends character in the lore. I find it really annoying.
1	I'm kind of glad that this topic came up, because I've dropped eve after her last nerf (actually the one which lowered the damage on her ult), but recently I've decided to pick her up again and check how she fits in current meta.   Early Game.  Despite being fragile (base defensive stats are pretty low), she is super fun to play early game. Not only you can punish enemy laner for just being at mid range of his lane, Eve is still viable as a counter-jungle tool (I think diamondprox was the first one to use her using this strat). Her passive is a pain in a butt for enemy while in laning phase, especially bot lane. Making their support buy pink every time he comes to lane, already creates a lot of gold deficit on enemy team, but her  W  sometimes make those wards worthless.   Mid and Late Game . This is where I agree with the author completely. If by this point eve is not super fed (and according to season 3 where junglers are mostly playing support/tanky role), she falls off. Her primarily thing in team fights is try to go around the enemy team, wait for the fight to start, and then  R-W-E-Q-Q-Q-Q-Q ... But with this nerfed ult and low defensive base stats, eve will get melted by support and adc alone, and in late game her damage won't be enough to even kill adc.
0	I very much enjoyed your Wikipedia copypasta.  Literally the most sound source for political information.   >Right-wing politicians believe that traditions and their own wellbeing are more important than reason and the progress and wellbeing of society. That's literally how their stance is defined.  So, reality definitely has a leftist bias.   First of all, the entire premise of your argument is fallacious.  "RIGHTIES HATE REASON.  RIGHTIES HATE PROGRESS.  RIGHTIES HATE PEOPLE IN GENERAL.  Then, you use this straw man to characterize leftists as "realists" and the right as "delusional skyfundies."  The entire left agenda relies on the false axiom that the government can better manage the life of the individual than the individual can.     A person is poor?  They must be a victim of capitalism.  Give them free stuff.     A person is a criminal?  They must be a victim of society.  Give them free stuff.   A person doesn't get into college?  Must be racism.  Give them free stuff.   A person doesn't get a job? Must be those damn greedy 1% at it again.  Give them free stuff.      Every pillar of the left ideology is counterproductive to its intention.   Furthermore, I'd like to know which components of the left ideology you find to be "progressive."   >The best way to organize human society is in a leftist fashion: Equality before the law   Really? "Equality before the law."  How is that even remotely logical?  The whole purpose of the law is to instill "equality" in society.  That's why the symbol of law is a [bleeping] scale.  Furthermore, the leftest idea of "equality" is the most twisted, immoral, dysfunctional system imaginable.  It rewards people for doing nothing.  It gives people racial advantages based on nebulous terms like "diversity."  I could go on all day long.   > The evidence is not only historical but also mathematical   I don't see any numbers.  Let's see your argument for this:   >this starts at the basics of game theory (collaboration > competition)   Said no one who has ever lived in a communist country, ever.   >and ends with industrialized countries that employ these systems being very sustainable and progressive (Scandinavia, Germany, France, Austria, etc., all of which are more or less "socialist" countries   Le Sweden = Atheist paradise, amirite?     Germany  [Le bankrupt](   France  [Le bankrupt](   Austria  [Le bankrupt](     Also, if you read the second source, you will find out that:   >The biggest problem at the moment in the euro zone is no longer Greece, Spain or Italy, instead it is France, because it has not undertaken anything in order to truly re-establish its  competitiveness , and is even heading in the opposite direction"   Competition wins.  Collaboration fails.   >A controlling government isn't necessarily a bad government.   I'll remind you of that when you need a Class-F4T455 permit to wipe your ass.   >No. Leftists support social equality, equal opportunities, and social security. This doesn't have anything to do with a "large government" (whatever that means in your opinion   Of course it does, you silly little weasel.  Who do you think is going to implement these social programs?  Sky fairies?  Goblins?  If you want social security and welfare, the taxpayer is going to have to pay for it.  And I'm going to go ahead and assume that you don't pay taxes, which would justify your willingness to redistribute wealth at least on a personal basis.   >without a strong government people would be selfish cunts who will exploit others to serve their own wants (especially in a society that's not generally well-educated or employs competitive economic and educational systems)   The legal system is for selfish exploitative cunts.  Judicial  Legislative.  And when you refer to "competitive educational systems" I assume you are referring to private schools.  While I personally hate private schools because of the douchenozzles that populate them, I received a much better education when I was a part of one.  Competitive education is better than socialized education.  Public schools are using their grants to buy iPads and complaining that budget cuts are killing them.  Oh, the irony!   > Lack of regulation will more or less always lead to stronger and more widespread inequality   By inequality do you mean that people who work harder and employ superior business tactics will use their skills to enrich themselves?  Your philosophy serves as a slight to the American Dream and to the free enterprise system; you can thank this system for every convenience you have in your life.   Consider this my justification.
0	I walked into a gas station bathroom, I was pleasantly surprised to see and smell it'd just been cleaned. Got to mid-piss, then noticed my eyes were burning and I started with a hacking cough.  Hurried up, got outside in the fresh air.  I asked the attendant if she had just cleaned the bathroom.   "Yes."   "Did you by chance mix cleaners?  If so, what did you use?"   "I dunno...the blue and the green stuff."   Tried to explain the whole "bleach and ammonia makes chlorine gas" thing, but I could tell she wasn't ever going to understand why that was bad.
1	God -.- do we realy need to upvote EVERY rage thread ? You cant play today oh whoo is me. You cant do anything anyway just wait.
0	She was my girlfriend and we broke up for a while, then she came back acting like shewanted to give it another shot. But all three of us thought we were the only one. Now none of us are interested in talking to her since she played us that way.
1	HAHAHA!!! So now we know why TSM's rotations and macro strategy fucking SUCKS! Because their owner/manager/whatever thinks "the game early is just about farming and surviving" lmfao!!! :'D Well...I can understand the frustration of casual viewers or bronze players because the pro game is so different from a solo queue game and they can't relate/dont really understand what is going on or what should be going on. But than again...if you kick the ball with a couple of friends in the backyard...you can't compare that to a professional soccer match either. So w/e. But for REGINALD to say that...lol. I mean laneswaps add such a depth of strategy to the game...just watch a 3 year old vod and compare it to today...maybe there were a couple more kills in the early game 3 years ago. HURRAY! But the game was way more straight forward and easy strategic whise..all you had to think about back then was having a team comp with synergy and you were good to go.   Riot IS taking the wrong approach though. It's just an other point. Which is how Riot, for some unknown dumb "Hi I am Phreak: Bo3 is better than Bo5 because the better team will win in Bo3 and Bo5 is just waste of time"-logic, hates lane swaps and always try their hardest to make them impossible. But since those balancing monkeys have no clue what so ever how any changes they make impact the game, they end up making a change that FORCES everyone into lane swapping...which actually is really hilarious :D (like the no early trinket meta...jeez that was dumb)
0	But what about the complaints about the reposts complaints about the re-repost that complain about the meme in the initial repost that was re-posted circlejerk?
0	A summer intern at the NTSB makes a crude racist joke. The intern probably had answered the same question to 200+ stations, news agencies, etc. that "the NTSB does not release crew names. No, we're not giving you names. You know we don't give names. Shutup, GTFO." The intern got tired of their shit, and started giving fake names.   KTVU gets the fake names, and their news staff reads them off. For that to go to air, they would have had a reporter, writer, cameraman, producer, graphic editor and the anchor all read that before going to air, especially seeing as they added the graphic. Either none of them were capable of noticing the obvious joke at their expense, or worse, they thought that they could put up the joke and blame the NTSB for everything, therefore manufacturing a news story.
0	While I personally use "Holmes" in some contexts (usually when some smart ass is tryna be sleuthy n shit, as smart ass r often want to do...) but the term originated as a shortened version of "Homeboy", as in 'another person presumably from Africa, ergo "Home", visa vi concurrently "homes" or "homie" visa vi.
0	In 4th grade art class we were using x-acto knives for something and my friend asked me where something was that we needed for the project. I whipped around to point the shelves behind me and accidentally cut her with the knife. My friend was fine, but I felt awful and started crying. My friend went to the nurse for a bandaid. The nurse asked what happened and she said, "Earboy cut me with an x-acto knife." The nurse's eyes got really wide and my friend was like, "OH NO IT WAS JUST AN ACCIDENT SHE'S NOT CRAZY OR ANYTHING!"   It was too late though. The nurse told the principal who called me to the office, along with my parents and the art teacher. I was a serious goody-two-shoes, I'd never gotten in trouble for anything, so idk how they thought I actually cut someone intentionally. It took like 2 hours in that office for me, my friend and the art teacher to convince everyone that it was an accident. We ended up having to go to a peer mediation session anyway.
1	That's a fair point. On the other for hand many people, self included, the story is the payoff. It's why I played Dungeons and Dragons as a teen, it's why I love fantasy novels, it's why I watch Game of Thrones, it's why I started playing MMOs and, as I grew up and ran out of time for those time sinks, eventually MOBAs.   That's why I brought up an AR game. It's marketing for nerds who are in to that stuff, and completely ignorable except as something that looks like a hype video for those who aren't. Not to mention the side benefit that the people playing the AR game can be fed speculation about new champions as part of the Riot hype machine.   I mean, they already have the trappings of an AR game in a lot of their web development with strange stuff happening on champion profile pages when they are teasing champs/skins (and the vel'koz video). It would be absolutely trivial for them to put some clues in the source for the web page. Virtually no investment by Riot, and excellent marketing for the segment of the population that loves a good AR game.
1	ed: As a quick note, both armor and MR are/were already bolded in the secondary considerations section for that matchup. So some of what I've written below makes a lot less sense lol.   Most of the times I've played the matchup, the Shyvana I've played against has built and AD item (like BotRK or Hydra) either first or second item. While her abilities in these situations would still be dealing mostly magic damage, these players would frequently look to repeatedly autoattack me - to the point where their damage output would be slightly more physical than magic. Obviously if you're up against a Shyvana that doesn't opt for an early AD item, then this point is pretty nullified.   With Flask and TP (and again making an assumption that Shyvana will build some sort of AD in her first 2 items - which is obviously not always going to be true), her non-AA harass (which is magic damage) was typically not high enough to justify becoming weaker against her all-in, at least for my play style etc.   So
1	I was an EX Na player , and since i played from India , i used to get around 320 Ping. After spending BETA + 4 years there , unlocking content and what not , i switched to SEA which gave me around a 100-110 ping. Trust me guys , ping is not something that should hold you back from doing your best. While i agree it makes a difference , it should not be used as an excuse for doing bad.   I was Silver 4 in NA , after coming to Garena SEA , got to gold 5.
1	I've just read a few of the comments, and dont know if its's been said, but it's been said/written numerous times, that E-sports wanna be bigger, better and it has even been said and I quote "e-sports might eventually "outdo" regular sports." Well people, if you actually wanna take a step ANYTHING close to that, you wanna pay the damn RP and money, and NO it shouldn't take months. No other sport can't pay up within a reasonable amount of time!   Stop focusing ALL your shit on LCS, and stand by your word.   This is truly getting embarresing. If you can't handle it, shut it down!   Everyone knows how to transfer a simple amount of money, and Riot if you dont have enough employes to handle this,  HIRE!   You might sit and think: "Oh well who cares, we make big money out of LCS theres thousands more watching this. Well true, but if you wanna be big, you handle the little shit first, and build onwards, not the other way around.
1	Being an effective support hinges on your knowledge of several things:   1) Your team composition and knowledge of their abilities   2) Their team composition and knowledge of their abilities   3) Vision   -and a whole plethora of other factors.   Support has one of the hardest jobs because their role is to be the eyes and ears of the team. Micromanaging is difficult, but your teammates will (usually) appreciate all the knowledge you bring to the field.   The ability to micromanage at a high level comes with good ol' honest practice. One of the most important things to learn to manage are timers. I began by putting baron/dragon timers in chat and reminding my team of respawns about 1min-30sec before it happened. I started timing wards so our jungler knew when it was a good time for him to gank. Keep a close eye on the time, because constant awareness is your best friend.   The mental focus it takes to time all these things actually helped me tremendously when learning how to judge team fights.   In team fights, I mentally do an evaluation as to low and high risk teammates. If I see that our AP carry is going to be CCed down because our own CC missed, I make sure to prioritize saving that player. If I see our tank is successfully tanking all five enemies, I prioritize his defense. All of this happens in a split second and honestly comes with some more practice. Learn the signs of a risky decision and make sure to counteract it, and in some cases, protect them before the bad stuff even happens. Half a support players job is to make sure your team doesnt get into trouble in the first place, not just to bail them out of it.
1	simple, imagine you have 60% crit "chance", and auto attack five times.   first auto wont crit (60%), second will (120% - > back to 20%) , third wont (80%) fourth will (140% -> 40%) fifth will (100% -> 0%)   this should be called "supercharge" now instead of crit, as youre supercharging your aa's with every shot   however, we don't want people to be able to charge up their crit (imagine gp autoing a minion with 60%, then parrrrley'ing you for the guaranteed crit) so we make this new mechanic not transferable.   however, the supercharge won't be completely lost. the minion you just hit, if you hit him again even after having switched targets, will suffer a critical hit (think vayne silver bolts but without losing stacks after switching targets)   now, if gp wants to secure a parrrley crit on you with his 60% "chance", hes going to have to auto you once first, then Q
0	GB is gigabyte (or 1000 Megabytes [or 1024 Megabytes to be precise]) and Gb (with a little "b") is gigabit. Which, off the top of my head, is 1/8th of a Gigabyte, which is 125 Megabytes.
1	This guy is right, the only reason it was not implemented on aram and tt was because it is much harder to stack up the bloodthirster because there are less minions, but now it does not require stacks it is a viable item to be implemented into these other game modes
0	I'm sure your mother didn't help you in regards to this, but have you ever thought maybe you don't have anxiety, panic attacks and depression because of what your parents did or didn't do but because of genetics/your own unique brain chemistry?   My cousin had an anxiety disorder like you have and her parents did 'face your fears' exercises/situations with her (because her mom has a history of anxiety in her family and constant avoidance didn't work for them)... and they actually worked for her. When you're constantly exposed to situations that cause anxiety or fear they tend to lose their 'scariness' after a while and thus some people can gradually get over them. Maybe your mom wasn't doing it to be a bitch but to help you gradually overcome your fears. (If she was doing it to be a bitch then that's another thing entirely and disregard this entire post).   On the whole, though, I'm really, really tired of kids saying their parents are the reason they're fucked up because mommy or daddy did or didn't do this/that... and not because of how their brain is structured or other, more deeply rooted issues. If your parents molested you, then, yes... they probably are the reason you have anxiety/panic attacks/depression. If they constantly abused you verbally/physically, then, yes... that might be a reason, too. Or if they locked you in closets and starved you, yes... that might not help you, either.   Most parents don't know what they hell they're doing half the time and try to raise their kids the best way they know how (by using 'tough love' or 'smothering' tactics, to name a few). Some of those ways to raise kids can either build massive character or make for an unbalanced individual. My own mother used the 'smothering' tactic and even though I have depression it was not her fault --- it was hereditary and a result of other, more serious reasons (abused by my childhood babysitter, mercilessly teased by my classmates for 14 years, rough divorce, abusive father, poor financial situation, etc.)   I'm sure my mother feels my depression might have been caused by her own smothering/failure as a parent and that's not true at all... I couldn't have asked for a more kind and supportive parent, but circumstances were against her from the start and that's just how life goes, imo. In the end, parents just do what they think is right or what worked for them when they were kids, so go easy on your mom if she is actually a loving mom, yeah?
0	Myself and my friend in elementary school were the only Hispanic girls in our class and all the black girls refused to talk to or play with us and discouraged or threatened other black girls from doing so.   Then I went to an all Hispanic school where I was left out because I didn't speak Spanish. I understood a lot though and kids would come up saying mean things about me thinking I couldn't understand them.
1	The only thing that was an actual problem on the old TT, (not a problem of opinion), was the turtle strategy being too easy to pull off with the old base layout. Put the new base layout on the old map and TT will be just fine. The twisty paths and jumpable walls are what made TT different and there are so many champions that can make use of that nowadays that it is hardly a problem. Old TT had a distinct feel to it and I miss it. Also lets not forget that these great changes riot has been implementing are not so great for everyone. Even if I did enjoy the changes to TT I can never play on the map seriously because it lags to high heaven any time I try. I don't have problems on SR or dominion or the proving grounds, but the new TT is unplayable for me. Why not have more options instead of forcing new maps on players, leave the old TT, (hopefully with new base layout), on the PvP game types and stop making new and shiny things that cause more lag issues.
1	Being competitive may not be that easy. I have no idea on how to play in that level so I can't really judge him base on what little information I know. Putting effort in and practice will help you be a better player mechanically and all but that's not his weakness imo. I believe that if you want to be at the top of that level of play you need an analytic mind rather than a perfect AI if you know what I mean.
0	I didn't downvote, but I can speculate.   It's to do with tone, or rather people's interpretation thereof. Someone may read your statement as saying "Yeah, fuck religion. You can be a good person without being religious, so why the fuck would you be religious, fucknut?" That may not be at all your intent, but that is how it could very easily be interpreted, I can see. It smacks (intentional/unintentional I neither know nor judge) of the smug superiority of much of the internet atheist clique. Particularly here on Reddit. /r/atheism is a particularly embarrassing circle-jerk.   There is a kind of prevailing consensus in a lot of popular/internet media that being religious = dumb and being atheist = smart. Or at least on Reddit/its atheist subreddits. Besides being an inaccurate generalisation this is also insulting to those of faith. Most people who are religious here (in my experience anyway) are of the liberal variety, they are willing to listen to reason, to debate intellectually and engage with people who disagree with their beliefs in a sensible, rational way. They try to do good, according to their faith, but they do not shove it down your throat. Much like the sister in OP's post. By contrast, many atheists here will take any and all opportunity to decry the evils of religion. There certainly are plenty of evils to decry, but entering into an ideological mud-slinging match is no way to make friends or convince anyone.   I, for one, am Christian. Or at least I describe myself as such. My actual beliefs are a bit unorthodox, complicated and not very interesting to anyone. So I don't push it on anyone. By contrast, anyone who discovers my faith immediately asks "why?" or similarly interrogates my logic. I'm used to it, and I'm happy to have a debate, and I think I'm smart enough and eloquent enough to at least hold my own. I have spent considerable time critiquing my own faith, educating myself of scientific alternative theories for the stories of the Bible, reading up on philosophy of all kinds (Kant and Nietzsche being favourites) to construct what I think is a solid, logical and tenable system of personal belief. I don't really give two shits whether anyone else agrees with it, or believes in it, but if they genuinely would like to know, I'm always happy to share my thoughts.   But it does annoy me on some level that believing there is no god is the default, rational position. Philosophically, it is an untenable belief system in exactly the same way that believing in Allah, or Yahweh, or Brahman is. Epistemologically, there is no grounds for true knowledge either for or, critically,  against  the existence of a deity of any kind. Therefore, either is a system of  belief  identical to the other. I can't provide you with evidence that Jesus is a pretty chill dude that lives on some cloud somewhere with his dad and all his righteous homies. But equally evidence cannot be provided to show that he  doesn't . Thus, the only truly  rational  stance is to say "Well, fuck if I know. I guess I might find out if I die?", not "Theists are credulous dumbasses, go team atheism!"   And that, rambling tangents aside, is why I think you got downvoted.
0	I suppose I understand that.   But after knowing many parents, mothers especially, including my own, whose children didn't turn out the way they'd hoped or expected...I find that these statements are almost always made in response to the decisions of adult or adolescent offspring that are in contrast with the views of their parents. And I also feel that it's a bit naive? maybe? to decide to have a child, and then expect them to act as though it were born by their own request, and the mother made such sacrifice to oblige them.   If you decided to have children, you didn't grant them some magical wish, you just forced them to be a person. You wanted children. Certainly, you made great sacrifices to take care of them and give them what they need, but if you hadn't decided to have children then they wouldn't need you to make all those sacrifices, and they don't owe it to you to live up to your expectations. They don't really even have to be nice to you. Sometimes they're going to resent you for even having them. (Because, newsflash, being a person sucks sometimes.) It would be nice for you, sure, but it probably isn't going to happen since a child isn't a pet and they grow into an independently-thinking/acting person fairly quickly; and it is incredibly unfair to be disappointed or resentful of your children for that.
0	My brother is bigger scum.  When our parents died (a year apart) we had to sell their land to pay for the funeral, and when the checks came, he went out and partied with his half, and now I'm stuck paying the whole thing.
1	dude, the feral flare is just a time bomb like any other champs (vayne, ryze, jinx, lucian, and lots more) you just have to deal with it by counter jungling the opposing jungler, warding, etc. plus this is a good way to bring out some unpopular champs back to the scene. Remember when you only had lee/elise/kha/vi ? they just increased the number of stacks needed (even if the tooltip on the buff still says 25) along with the numbers of junglers that could be played without having a great disadvantage (even if it creates a bigger advantage on the endgame).
0	So the logic of this follows that there was some sort of organized agenda to the riots? That the UK riots happened because they were pissed of with the "Government"? Even though the later statement is a small part of the truth it is somewhat simple Simon bullshit. Let me clarify what I mean by asking some questions.   In your experience do council estate kids often or even sometimes start organizing themselves in to huge country wide social action groups but then get it wrong? Could the riots have ANYTHING to do with huge swathes of a generation being totally disenfranchised from society and the law due to the said law, or lack thereof, ending free higher education or the progressive end of "on the job training" for example? Could being stuck in poverty with no hope of escape be a factor? Could it have anything to do with the criminal justice act, the war on drugs and the changes in stop and search powers being used by the police to criminalize huge amounts of people but also to fill quotas? Is there ANY way these kids are so twisted by the world around them that this behavior manifested itself as soon as an opportunity arose? Or did they plan it all from the start? Could it have anything to do with problems in the education system and social care? Basically what I am asking is, could the riots have been a symptom of serious social issues or should we just blame it on the poor people?   When the cops fish for drug users at my local station with dogs on a Friday night, totally failing to arrest dealers but turning huge groups of otherwise law abiding kids in to criminals, everyone who gets arrested there looks at the legal system as a joke when they can't get taken seriously over violent crime in their neighborhoods. Those numbers add up quick. This is not a bunch of kids who got together to show their discontent with the "Government" in some sort of organized process of "riot creation". This is clearly an organic symptom of wide spread destitution and thus disenfranchisement. I don't agree with it but calling it the "fault" of the rioters, lets the administration off the hook in a literally insane way. Even though it happened all over the country at separate times people seem to think it was organized in some way and not a domino effect symptomatic of incredibly wide social problems. Does anyone think they were intelligently making a political point on mass and thus organized themselves in an intentional manor? Or could it be a natural occurrence when you have a "mob" that doesn't respect the law? As soon as you answer these questions honestly you have to stop righting it off as a group of young people being hypocrites and you have to look at some pretty serious underlying societal problems.   OPs meme only works when you're talking about an individual and not a huge group and yet it refers to them as a group. Rioters. The government must take responsibility for endemic social issues just as much as individuals must take responsibility for their actions. As we know, mob mentality makes people do some crazy shit. Individually, sure, assholes. But as a non organized group? Should we not be asking how this happened rather than pointing our impotent little fingers? This is not black and white and this silly re post does seem to characterize it as such.
0	I would reply to you with the examples I have encountered but I think the reddit community already has!   I also posted some in another reply of mine (
1	The biggest difference between the two is mana. I played all types of Naut, AP Mid/Top, Jungle, Support, and his balancing factor is mana and being easily invaded on. Sion's E was a flat mana cost (now scaling), longer range, and faster moving. It was strong because it widdled down your opponent to the point where you could fight them and win, even though your dueling capabilities are pretty bad. Nautilus is an all-in type of laner and is really only built for that. His lack of sustain makes him significantly worse than Maokai against tops like Liss or Kennen.   Outside of laning, Nautilus' initiate is much more obvious than Sion's, meaning the enemy team can turtle and waveclear if your team's siege is bad. Nautilus does have more pressure on dragon and baron because they force the enemy team to come to you, instead of you getting to them. Other than initiating, Nautilus is a much stickier tank than Sion because he just has so much CC.
0	As someone who had their cat stolen almost a year ago (she had a collar and microchip, so it easily could have been turned in,) fuck these people, fuck them so hard. She was perfectly healthy/cared for so there was no "rescuing" needed. People just stole my cat.   She has been seen in the neighbourhood not by myself, but by neighbours, twice since she went missing (once as recently as two weeks ago) so she is still fine. Just hasn't been caught and returned. So someone straight up found and kept another human beings cat.   If you find one that "needs rescuing" don't pretend you're a hero. Take it to a shelter where they have the best chance of survival AND being returned to the owner. If the animal has been abused or neglected, they will know, and the bastards will not be getting their animal back... THEN you can have your rescue animal.
1	I had a chat ban when they were sent out. I thought oh well, only 20 games, it won't be too bad. I was nice to people, as always, but I keep getting chat bans as fast as they are gone. I was extra careful with my latest one. I did my best not to say something that might upset someone - most soloq players are always on edge and snap at anything. I've done nothing wrong, nothing to be disrespectful. I logged in today with a 71 game chat ban.
1	pick/ban rate has everything to do with the "balance" of the champion.   People pick/bans champions because it has a dominating side. In this example, lee sin is very good in the jungle. many junglers don't enjoy playing against lee sin because of that, therefore you see the bans and picks for the same reason. but lee sin falls short in the other aspects of the game. win rate show
0	I went in on renting a house with some "friends" of mine.  I knew they made quite a bit less than me (I qualified for the house on my own, they could barely qualify for half of it). I asked them numerous times if they wanted help looking over the numbers to make sure they could afford it before we signed. They insisted over and over they could manage it.   One month in they tell me they're barely scraping by. This frustrated me so much because on the main reasons I even went through with the whole arrangement was to help them be in a nice place and still save up some cash.   So I offer to take on 12% of their share of the rent to help them out. The husband increases his hours at work since it was summer now. I assumed they're doing fine now.   Then in July  they can't even afford to buy groceries . So not only was the husband making more, their rent was reduced, but I was also paying for 99% of all extra expenses for the house such as yard care and maintenance. I bought a deer fence to help protect their small dog (the fence was about 2 feet tall in a neighborhood with lots of kids and lots of huge dogs), paid to restore a picnic table, paid for patio furniture, paid for decorations, etc. etc.   On top of all of that, they were being abusive and exploitative (the wife threatened multiple times to kill herself because she wasn't getting her way). Long story short we couldn't live together anymore. I couldn't handle living in that house and didn't want to by myself, so I gave them the option to find new roommates to replace me. They found 3, then changed their mind and they moved out and ditched the house on me.   I think a big part of the issue was that they are just spend recklessly. I think the other part is that outright lied about how their expenses added up.
1	i got went from silver 5 to gold 1 playing smite teleport jungle ad master yi.   i just ignored my team and took 8 towers and 2 inhibitors everygame   everybody on both teams hated me lol.  that rage is what eventually led me to quit playing yi
0	She was implying that her decision would be to show them....until she got called on it. It was basically "Hey Look I am a girl on reddit with nipple piercings and like to show them off." When reddit called her on it, she backed out.
1	You might assume those pros who stream are genuinely bad at numbers, but most of them calculate the damage a champ does at each level... I once saw QT and Krepo crunshin numbers about their champs ( I forgot what champ QT talked about, but Krepo was talking about thresh and when to Max Q or E at which lvls and vs what champs etc )   I totally thought both of them are different streamers... just seing QT and Krepo doing maths and stuff.
1	Try not to spam flamespitter over the wave, it really messes up the lasthitting in the early levels, cause the tick damage is so low.   If you get to see old VoD's marin, ssumday, leopard, balls, dyrus and many other pros used to play rumble on a regular basis, they usually use flamespitter for harrass and then turn back to not hit the minionwave with the spell   Your base AD is low so practice a few games before going in a real match or you'll probly have a bad time.
1	There's a reason for Dyrus to be up in the team for so much time already. First of all he is just one of those amazing pokerface players who tend not to tilt whatever happens and no matter how far behind their team is. Then it's his game awareness he god damn knows everything. Yet again as the OP said he always gets camped, ofcourse he'd get camped otherwise Dyrus will just snowball. Have you noticed how he has the lowest KDA ration in TSM yet he's the top gold earned player through the split? He manages to handle extremely tough top lane matchups, now imagine what'd be if he didn't get perma camped? In my personal opinion (being a long term TSM fanboy) it's Santorini who's the weakest link in their current roster. He is a great player and stuff but he's kinda always one step behind the enemy jungler. Most of the teams that beat TSM capitalize exactly on this.
0	The USA is culturally dominant   The movies, TV, music etc has defined the world's visual, psychological and therefore to a surprisingly large extent, its moral narrative since the mid twentieth century.   The USA is losing its grip on this monopolisation of the global cultural narrative because of the internet allowing a multiplicity of cultural voices, the incorporation of the values espoused by a US narrative folding into the narrative of new generations of Europeans and Asians etc. as well as the cultural inertia now that the US icons are no longer the new kids on the cultural block but must become guardians of the status quo. Everything in the 1950s USA had the exciting prospect of cultural innovation that Apple has. Cars, clothes, manufacturing, Hollywood. For the USA and the world. That emotion is gone. The shared promise of enrichment is gone. Instead, the heads of the corporations moved their workforces overseas. The USA remains the loudest, and the drive and energy still remains an inspiration to the globe, but only in pockets such as Silicon Valley, and these pockets, as in the fifties, are driven by hungry migrants and children of migrants with everything to gain.  The USA has uniquely strange cultural traits which were pointed out by Kurt Vonnegut in Sloughterhouse Five. Most countries praise their poor, whereas US culture only has disdain for their poor, makes them feel guilty and worthless. So richness, greed, aggression are the points of pride that make the most noise and define the American persona on the world stage, while the statistical reality of its shrinking economy, crumbling infrastructure, desparate loneliness, insensitivity to each other and other massive problems which other nations try to eradicate,  are driven into a shamed silence.
0	In many cultures food and drink is the main way to show hospitality to a guest and take it as an insult if you refuse. All you have to say is I already ate but would be happy to have a small plate or ask for a drink instead.
0	Honestly... lots of the teachers I knew were/are scared to stand up and say something.  Hell, it took me a year before I could finally say something when I knew a kid was getting picked on.  I was terrified, scared of parents, scared of administration reprimands, scared of losing my job because the bully makes a fuss.  Also, scared of the bully.  If the kid has the balls to call someone a fag in the middle of class, what would the do to the teacher?  Man, some things that students have said to me made me go home and drink myself into a stupor.  It's finding that fine line of when you need to intervene and when you need to let the kid learn for themselves.   I would love to step into this whole thing and say the same things as you.  I honestly never did allow that kind of language in my classroom.  But name calling happens and one can't always police the entire school or classroom.  I've always felt that students seem to think of teachers as infallible, then get frustrated when they turn out to be normal people.  Yes there are bad teachers.  Yes (at least in the US) you'll probably get more mediocre or poor teachers than good ones. I know that I've let things go that I shouldn't have.  Why? I dunno, it was a bad choice.  If a kid asked me specifically to help would I? You bet your ass.
1	lmao you actually buy the "mids were more average, like in other regions"  it might be true if other regions were replaced by NA, but alas 3 quality players in froggen ai and xpeke doesnt make eu suddenly the BEST MIDS ALL WORLD.
1	I think that one point that may have been overlooked in this video is the mana/HP sustain that is lost from the spirit stone path.   For example, Sejuani I almost think is in a worse place now than she was. 1) You have less potions for your clear. This makes you even more vulnerable to lvl2 invades and may actually force you to back even if you and your team manage to defend. For example, Lee, Udyr, Elise will just go back into their jungle to farm if the invasion fails while Sej will be forced to return to base.  They also can clear using few potions.   After quill, Sej will have a slower clear because she will have to manage her mana for the camps. She will not be spamming her skills to clear because she regenerates nowhere near as much mana as she used to. This means that she clears slowly so she has mana to gank. I would also argue that she does not clear as healthily as she used to due to the change in % passives.   I do however, like the golem on Dr. Mundo/Zac/Shen (and Mao to some extent).  They do no use mana, which I think is the worst part of the new spirit item.   I feel like Amumu/Udyr (if you pressure power farm + constant counterjungle + jungle duels)/Mao/Sej/Naut have more mana problems and are slower now in order to conserve mana to use all their abilities during their ganks.   I think that if the sustain passive was reverted, tank junglers that actually use mana would be much stronger.   Now skarner should probably get Lizard Mao needs to be a little more careful with spells.   Late game, the HP scaling is definitely good on junglers that build a lot of health items.  You need to at least build a randuins/sunfire to get back the 100 that was lost on golem's base stats.
1	I do not main jungle, but from playing jungle when I have to I learned a few things. The most important thing that I would tell you, is to learn your limits.   For instance, Shaco is a GODLY ganker. Get red lv1 -> lv2 gank mid. First blood! But shaco isnt that good at lv1 invades. Or invades in general.
0	I disagree with this. A lot of time this argument of "Oh yeah, well unless you can tell me how to do it shut up," is a way to silence opposition and critique. There are some problems that I don't have an easy solution to. Our bank regulations for example. But being unwilling to openly criticize those concepts creates the illusion they are accepted and passable.   On a more personal level, when a doctor makes a mistake a patient doesn't have to know how to do it right to criticize. When a friend does something stupid, hurtful, you can just go "dude, dick move. Don't do that again."
1	Besides Ezreal (Who was my first main), my favorite AD is ashe.  Even though she doesn't have an escape or an AD steroid she has a lot of utility  which bring a lot to the game.  As an AD carry, regardless of the built in steroids, they will still do a lot of damage late game.  Her ability to initiated and pick off targets is amazing.   My favorite part however is her Q.  35% slow on ranged AD?  Yes please.  If you play her enough to get a feel for her auto attack animation cancel, you can kite anyone all day (except Akali but that's a different story), especially with flash.  Having a PD with 440ish MS and having a 35% slow without having to sacrifice damage is really strong.  It is a lot better than people give it credit for.  I can't think of all the games where bruisers come at me and i start damaging and kiting them.  Eventually they give up but then can't get away and I kill them.   Ezreal is also a boss.  He is extremely underrated and people say his damage scaling is bad but I beg to differ.  He works really well with poke comps (especially with red buff) when he builds a trinity and his 40% AS debuff enables him to 1v1 any auto attack champion.  The biggest problem is the high risk, high reward style that he has.  Since he has all skillshots you can not miss one otherwise you will be doing weak damage, especially early game.
0	Copy paste from another response;   This is a complicated issue, and, in a way, I see where some of these guys are coming from. They feel like "The woman has this choice that I don't have, and it's not fair". However, this idea that MRAs and other dudes have put forth is wholly unrealistic, and oversimplifies a situation that has a lot of complicated feelings around it.   For one, what about women who are morally opposed to abortion? So you've helped to create a fetus that, to this woman, is a human life. Now you want an abortion, and the woman hears "Kill it or else". It also leaves aside the fact that while many women intellectually agree with abortion, they can still be incredibly emotionally conflicted when it happens to them and they have to make that choice. I've known several women who have had abortions, and some of them went ahead and got one with no issues, but a couple were absolutely devastated leading up to and after it. Luckily I've never (knock on wood) been in that position, but I honestly don't know how I would feel if I was. I dislike the treatment by these people that "Oh abortion is easy, so just get one". It's definitely not that simple for everyone (though it can be for some).   A lot of people (not all, but you brought it up) who advocate for this solution conflate abortion rights and rights to not pay child support. They are completely and absolutely separate issues. Abortion rights are about bodily autonomy, end of. You do not right to decide what goes in and out of her vagina, for many many reasons. You can make an argument against so-called "financial slavery", but they are in no way related. I've even heard it said by MRAs that they should be able to force women into getting abortions, or that as long as men are expected to pay child support, then they won't support abortion rights. Abortion is a choice between a woman and her uterus, not two parents and a child. Child support is an issue regarding a child and his/her rights. Abortion is an issue regarding a woman, and her rights. You can argue that you shouldn't have to pay child support, but "woman can get an abortion!" is not related to your argument.   It's often proposed that women who can't abort but have an unwilling partner should just give it up for adoption. I think that for many women it's almost impossible to give away a baby that you have spent the last nine months gestating, that has literally been a part of you, and then you went through an extremely draining and painful physical process to bring into the world. It's a huge reason that mothers who have elected for adoption back out at the last minute. Most people are programmed to procreate, and pregnancy and hormones often work to indelibly bond the mother to the child she carried.   Another huge problem is logistics. What are the rules surrounding this new policy change? How much notice does the woman have to give? How large is her window? Some women don't even know they are pregnant until three or four months in. My friend didn't even know until she was almost five months, as she had no symptoms and gained maybe five pounds, which gave her a window of about two weeks to make a decision and obtain an abortion. What about cases where the dad disappears? What about cases where the dad isn't sure? What about cases where the dad says he wants it and then leaves later? What about states/places where it's extremely difficult to get an abortion? What about the idea that it's kind of coercive to tell a pregnant woman "Do what I want or you're on your own"? What if the dad opts out but later wants to see or have a relationship with the child? Does the woman get to deny him or ask him for 5/10/18 years of back support? And who pays for that kid if the dad won't? Do we think that society at large will be OK partially supporting a ton of kids whose sperm donors get to have nothing to do with it? What kind of new court system will have to be created to deal with these cases? Who will pay for that? What about the fact that many men (and women) already completely abandon their financial responsibilities to their kids and many face no issues because of it?   What about the fact that by allowing men to "opt out", we are essentially absolving them from any and all responsibility for creating children? Women are the ones to get pregnant, so they can't escape some repercussions if conception happens. The man can now just walk away. This places even  more  burden on the woman. She is solely responsible for all things surrounding birth control and reproduction, because the man has no reason to be. Condom broke, slipped off, or maybe he just "forgot" to put on one? No big. Felt too good, and the guy didn't want to pull out like he said? It's cool for him, it's all on her. And birth control will still fail, but now only one party has to deal with it.   And what about the kid? None of this is their fault, and once they're born, they have rights too. As a society we've decided that the best way to ensure (as best we can) a good outcome for the kid is to have both parents contribute to their care. Regardless of support, a lot of these kids are still going to be born. What about what they need?   I think there are a lot of assumptions made with this idea: that women have easy choices, that they Pare the only responsible party. Fact is, if you get a woman pregnant, you are at least as responsible as her. Put on a condom, get a vasectomy, pull out, agitate for more BC options for men, make sure your partner is using her BC, etc. Sometimes your method fails, and that sucks, but that doesn't mean you get to walk away scot free. The woman is now the bearer of whatever comes next, pregnancy or abortion, and that's her choice because of biology.
1	Honestly, Dominion is the most fun I've had in league in ages (Except for watching Alliance) and although I've recently stopped playing League I honestly enjoyed Dominion way more, much closer games, much more action.   Most people disregard Dominion, but it really is an amazingly fun gametype if you play with a few friends. Way more than SR for me.
0	I was the third guy in a similar situation. Honestly if you set ground rules (for example the couple has to initiate, as an obvious basic one) and follow them, things are fine. The only issues we had were from roommates being uncomfortable because of your point of view, which is fine, but they only ever found out by invading privacy anyway (watching texts over shoulders happened twice) which is not fine.   The threesomes stopped because he had to move for work and they wanted what time they got together to be more intimate (they started during a time none of us were working and lived in the same house with several other people).
0	The problem is that "running a marathon" has become a major bucket-list thing and a lot of serious runners are pretty upset about how it's become washed out and not considered "special" anymore. I consider myself a pretty friendly competitive runner and I still get a little annoyed when people go around bragging how they ran a marathon when they pretty much walked the whole thing. It devalues the people who have worked hard for years.   I'm not saying "only fast people should run". The slower ones make the sport. Power to them. But I often find it's the people who are "training for an under 6 hour marathon" that get this smugness like they're better than everyone because, don't you know, they're running a  marathon .
0	You're forgetting the institutional knowledge that's been built up.  I left my old IT job 2 years ago for a job that didn't even pay 10% more.  Didn't even get a counter offer from  them to get me to stay.   4 years of Microsoft Exchange and Altiris training went out the door. They'd invested over 8k in training on me, and now they're going to have to pay it on someone else to train them up.  Not to mention the fact that the new person is going to have to learn how our environment works, where our files are, what our printer policies are, and how to manage all the different groups and jobs I have set up in Altiris.   So, for the next 2-6 months that he's learning, you're going to have to deal with increased ticket time and slower support response from the rest of your team.  But, I guess it wasn't worth an extra TWELVE DOLLARS A DAY to them to avoid that, so I left.   Now I make 10% more, with 50% less work, and 80% less stress.  One of the best things I ever did.   I also was somewhat amused by the fact that the next legislative session was one of the worst (from a tech support standpoint) that they'd had in 5 years (hmm...who do you also think started working for you 5 years ago?  Hmmmm...).
1	Not only have I still noticed the AA bug, but as a high level ADC, I've also noticed that they've changed the way that AAing works ( extremely  subtly).   Attacks now take slightly longer to come out, across the board -- which is incredibly annoying when I've got many ADC's animations nailed down to a T.  I am talking milliseconds here - but it's still within the realm of noticeable.  This has a huge impact on how you kite early game.  Anyone else notice that their champ derps around for longer before shooting post-patch?
1	This whole subjects begs the question of what is the point of the regional tags. I think that question comes with what the world championship is in the first place which is different region with their playstyle coming to one place and facing against each other to see which is the strongest.   In that regard, I believe LMQ to be a NA team because their playstyle, after playing a year in the NA challenger and LCS scene to be a fair representation of how NA plays. There was a segment on SI where the guest was the girl from CHINA TALKS in which she compared LMQ to chinese teams. She said that because LMQ did not play together in china, their playstyle has totally shifted away from what current chinese teams are doing. This shows that LMQ has had their game changed with the NA scene throughout the year.   Again, that just my opinion. Feel free to disagree.
0	I met someone like this a few years back.  Was a house party on the Oregon coast and I walk in the kitchen.  A black guy introduces himself, shakes my hand, and announces to everyone present that he "ain't no faggot".  My wife thought that was strange.  This guy was a trainer at a big gym franchise, and the whole night his topics were working out and how he hates faggots.  He even went as far as to say that if he had colon cancer, he would much rather die than have "some faggot stick his finger up my booty."   When he asked me if I'd let someone do that to me if I had cancer, I said hell yes.  I like living.  Then he called me a faggot.  At least he would die "a man", according to him.  I LOLed.
0	I'm with you... About two years back I was at one company for 4 years, and transitioned between service, then sales, and then a couple of different IT roles. I thought it would pay off to be loyal to one company. I ended up learning quite a bit about that particular industry, and as far as inter-department communications were concerned, I was damn valuable for having many different areas of experience. I got offered a promotion within an IT role, with expanded responsibilities and an on-call schedule, but they didn't want to pay me an appropriate salary for that role. I was offered a compensation rate that was in the lowest 2% of the industry standard for my particular region and for the position in question. I explained how that was very unacceptable and that it was a pretty big insult to offer me such a negligible increase; but the employer used my starting pay as a reference point for some unintelligible reason.   I walked out... got phone calls asking to come back and then was re-hired as if nothing had ever happened for SLIGHTLY more than their initial offer (After having 3 days to think about it - walking out was a pretty ballsy and stupid decision on my part). Then about 2 months later, effortlessly got a job offer for $10k MORE than their highest offer after walking out. Unfortunately I was laid off from there about 2 weeks ago due to company restructuring. But... today I got a job offer today earning 2.5X what my first employer in this story (that I remained loyal to) offered me as their best offer.
0	Funny how you think you all would stand on the same side if invaded. Every person has to make a choice: "What do I do to survive this?"   That choice is not always solely dependent on previous alliances.   Norway was occupied during the war. Many chose to side with the germans. They even fought on the eastern front for them. Many joined the police forces controlled by the germans and went around and arrested their old neighbours for being anti-nazi etc.   I don't think you realise what mindfucks come up once your safe and risk free life is taken away from you.
0	I only clicked this because of the claw and then when I tried to manually type the sub reddit I forgot the l in mildly so I ended up spelling midly and ended up in a interesting meta reddit
0	Nasacort and Flonase are two over the counter intranasal corticosteroid sprays for allergies.  Allergic responses are mediated by a host of chemical signals, chiefly histamine, but there are MANY others.   Corticosteroids prevent the release of lots (but probably not all) inflammatory / allergy mediators.  They have nasty side effects when used chronically systemically (oral prednisone for more than a few weeks), so they've been formulated into a dosage form that has reduces systemic absorption (which is good because many people use them for weeks at a time because allergy is a chronic disease) while still being very active at the site of action (in and near the sinuses).   After the first dose you should notice some immediate symptom improvement in 1-2 hours, but the full effect can take a week or so to get up and going (since we're preventing the release of things that are causing you problems, and some of those 'things' are already present at time zero).   I like to recommend nasal corticosteroid sprays as a second line (after antihistamines) in allergy sufferers, not because they are less effective (they are arguably more effective), but because they are more expensive and less convenient than a 24 hour cetirizine, for example.
1	you fail to understand my point to a level that cannot be described.   yeah im bad in english not cause im young but cause im not from an english speaking country.   the core of the meta stopped shifting for a year and an half...   the way its played changed but thats another matter.   allistar in the jungle is ok hes still a support even if you play him jungle... yeah support jungle never heard of it... ??? gank more then your farm cause you dont rrlly need the farm but then again this farm is wasted durr   ITS STILL FOLLOW THE GOD DAMN META ....   and taric top played as a bruiser IS FOLLOWING THE META but i doubt that a taric will ever do the damage of a riven or wukong or yorick or gankplank in a team figth   GTFO . your the one that fail to understand my point i played jungle allistar when noone did i played shyvanna on release i played shyvanna as an ad carry...   as i said your arrogant and assume your the only one that think in the community and the only one that wanna try new thing... WTF dude you belitteling atleast 50% of the community. stop thinking you understand this game you dont even ... knowledge cant win you game if your the only one with knowledge... thats why the meta exist in solo queu   if you wanna try new thing try it in premade CAUSE that is really the only efficient way to try new thing NOW Stop it you are wrong...i dotn need argument for that   i think you fail to realize that we alrdy understood everythign theory in the game... only new champion are yet to be understood fully.   in theory lol is simple much more simple then starcraft theyre are less variable   in pratice its another story they both ahve theyre difficulties but thats pratice   and trying new thing is done everyday by tons of people and the core of the meta does not change... CAUSE IT WORK VERY WELL   core of the meta being   solo top bruiser/ap w/e just solo top   mid solo   duo bot mostly ad/supprot cause thats the best lane for your ad   and jungle   with 5 champion that go well together and a strategy in mind... thats the meta for me.. theyres many different comp and strat..   you may want to focus your killing on bot... soo you take champ that can gank bot more easely or put champ bot that can initiate bot gank more easely for exemple or you run a kill lane w/e....   your just assuming people are stuck in the meta based on solo/duo queu experience wich make no sense cause the meta is different at every level of play   team meta is different from solo meta   and then theyre 500 elo meta( trynd mid) and 2100 elo meta(  w/e is more safe and have more chance to lead to victory)   and tournament meta...   theyres normal game meta
1	So this been a while ago in SoloQ: this guy was first pick, didnt said anything in champion select, even when we asked. He did the usual bans and picked Orianna. So we assumed he was a midlaner. I went support Thresh, and we had an Ezreal adc with a normal top and jungle. In game the orianna went straight to bot lane. We asked him, but he didnt communicate. Ezreal with ad runes went mid. I thought omg.. but he played normally, even a potential kill in the first minutes. But things went bad and worse and eventually he began to feed. I checked his match history and it seemed like he did more of those things.
1	This goes back to balance changes.  If they nerf those adc's being able to carry in botlane will be near impossible.  Where I am at in platinum it is extremely hard for botlane to carry, even when your adc gets 5 plus kills early.  I know this because I main support and make it really hard for my adc to lose lane.  Thus we usually win lane but it doesn't matter if another lane does poorly.  Bot has nearly no carry potential.  If they nerf the main strong adc's bot will be completely irrelevant.
1	You think its bad here? Go to CS Go sub. They did a survey of the users, and that day 70% of the users were 17 or younger. 10% of the votes were made up of kids who were 9 and 10. I went through some kids history and its them saying "You suck, fuck off" "At least im not a pussy". FFS there was an 11 year old commenting some fucked up shit on gone wild. Once I seen this I just assumed everyone on reddit was 9 years old with not a single ball hair. Thinking about it like this makes me understand the bull shit people that make up reddit.   If you are the type of person that turns your back on anything you say you support fully. Fuck you, you are a disappointment to whatever you are supporting, and the other supporters.   I am from calgary, it is most likely my hockey team will be eliminated from the playoffs soon. Does that mean I will hate them? Fuck no I am just proud of what they did this season.
1	Fuck Warwick, he's garbage. Amumu is a good pick with great jungle protection, Rammus is an excellent ganker and a great pick if they have ~3 AD champions, Fiddle can be a decent pick if they aren't constantly warding.  Lee Sin, Skarner, Udyr, Trundle, Nocturne all have great clearing times. I prefer Lee sin and Udyr over Nocturne and Skarner, because I feel that their ganks are more ult dependent, although they might have an easier time catching the enemy.   Jungle Rammus is my new personal favorite. I played him for the very first time in a normal game last night, and decided to jungle. I quickly read a guide on his skills, items, route, and masteries/runes. I received no protection and died at my blue buff and gave up first blood, but proceeded to counter jungle their Shyvana, and gank the crap out of the lanes, carrying my team to victory by getting assists on more than half of the game's kills. We recovered from what was almost a loss, and a game I wanted to surrender from the beginning. His jungle times are pretty good to start, but without a wriggles (which I'm not sure if I'll ever build), the route doesn't speed up much, since you're leveling your taunt. I read a guide that said to get Philosopher's Stone and Heart of Gold and continue jungling and ganking, and it's worked fine, since I could taunt enemies and do half their health on my own by the end of the taunt, while my teammates got more damage.
0	As a fellow Asian (Chinese) who grew up with racism as well (In Canada), let me say this - You're a self-loathing Asian. Be proud of your skin and culture, don't let some ignorant assholes make you feel inferior.   Saying shit like "Also because I've otherwise been subject to a pretty boring lifestyle, which I figured was a particularly Asian problem." does not help because having a boring lifestyle isn't an Asian thing, it's YOUR thing. Just because you don't do shit in your past time doesn't make the rest of us boring.   There are plenty of us having fun, getting laid, and living life just like every other race/culture in the world.
0	I had an account for a couple weeks and i'm an attractive girl in my very early 20s. I went on specifically to find someone who i was compatible with; I thought a site which allowed you to write out all your interests and a picture would be a straightforward and efficient way to do that. yes I only messaged back guys I found  attractive  enough ** (this includes guys that i wouldn't typically bother with, but they had similar interests and personality to compensate for their lack of better looks). I also  didn't message back hot guys who obviously had nothing in common** and would offer up stale conversation. There has to be a balance of attractiveness and commonalities/ease of conversation. I sometimes messaged guys too, and sometimes didn't receive a response - it happens (and no they weren't absurdly attractive, just guys i thought had that balance).   I don't know what you, or the girls you were messaging look like, but all i can say from my personal experience is that i ended up deleting my account because too many guys are either delusional about their attractiveness, or expect rejection and just mass message every attractive girl they see.  I was receiving loads of messages from guys who were so absurd it was making me uncomfortable - guys way above or under the age i stated i was interested in; guys with NOTHING on their profile in common with mine who were obviously just messaging me "cuz ur hot" (i.e. sex); guys with pot bellies, balding heads, and the fashion sense of a cab driver. YES i realize these are shallow things, but they messaged me because they saw my profile - which i meticulously wrote out with genuine interests of my education, aspirations, and love of music, film and art; and filled with pictures of me with my flawless skin (which i put effort/ care into maintaining), small waist, young, pretty features, and obvious interest in style/clothing. I expect a barrage of downvotes for that last statement - because girls aren't allowed to admit they're attractive or that they put effort into their appearance without being vain cunts.   What i'm trying to say is - the dating website began to feel no different than walking down the street and getting hollered and cat-called at by unattractive, old, creepy guys shouting impersonal "compliments" about my appearnace who know nothing of my personality and don't care. Christ i even had one chubby middle-aged dude ask me if i was interested in him being my sugar daddy! so degrading (and no i have nothing on my profile to imply that I would be interested in that sort of thing ). The point i'm trying to is that these websites have an inherently shallow feature - pics. Looks are going to be important - but for people really looking for something serious that shouldn't be all that they acknowledge. But check yourself to make sure  you  are not being very shallow, hitting on girls first and foremost for their physical features.
1	Fiendish Codex man, it is super efficient and builds into further efficient items (If you accouunt for spots in your inventory as a cost-worthy resource).   Tanky AP sounds like you are going to overfarm and not get the kills an AP champ should. Kind of like a contrast between Ryze and Annie. Build-wise they can be almost opposite, but Ryze's ult is what makes him a good burst/teamfighter. Xerath seems like he's going to rely heavily on positioning and scaring the opponents off with combos. I mean, he's literally a cannon, why can't he be a glass one? Caitlin doesn't build tanky, neither does kogmaw. Range allows you to get away from that sort of thinking. I'm going to insta-buy him regardless, but I am banking on him being able to flash while sieged.   If you're going to hook up flat AP quints, I suggest taking impoved ignite over the cdr on your summoner skills. That way with starting dorans and popping ignite at lvl 1 you sit around 40 AP. I do it with Swain, and it shocks the fuck out of people thinking they can take me down. With his range, you're taking the gamble out of the equation. If you can hit his abilities, its going to be like that bullshit range that orianna had, and could just push anyone out of mid at lvl 1.
1	I literally have no idea what you were expecting Alco. All I could see in the chat was happy excited people being pleased to see them all together for the first time since their last tournament, live.   The fact you THOUGHT that you'd actually have a good chance of getting a serious question answered with potentially 22k other people also wanting to ask something absolutely blows my mind. how could you be so ignorant to think you stood a 100% chance and then have the audacity to complain about it on reddit as if it was your God given right to have YOUR question answered.   I was pretty aware the Q&A wasn't meant to be "professional", most people understood that it was a time to ask their silly, fun questions because actually most of the time information about the game you would want is talked about on whichever stream is relevant to your lane/jungle interests or answered in forum/reddit posts.   I really wish dickheads like you would stop giving TSM a hard time because you didn't get to have YOUR question answered and they decided to play with the dog a bit and answer "unserious" questions. It's not TSM that give LoL and esports a bad name in my opinion, its self righteous fucks like you that want to turn something they do for fun and also get paid for into an unenjoyable job because you can't handle their personalities? Just grow up, post a question on the forum like you were meant to and if it doesn't get answered don't waste my time with your inane rant.
0	No. Surprisingly no programmers have commented...my guess is that it's due to memory usage. Even compressed, HD video is big.   Things like VLC buffer the video from the file -- they don't store the whole video in memory, they load "chunks" of a few seconds, and clear the ones that aren't needed. Heavy I/O, low RAM, and is most common.   YouTube player does similar buffering to VLC, except instead of buffering from a  file , it buffers from a  socket  (or whatever you'd like to call it...connection, link, etc). So when you've played a YouTube video, it  isnt  all stored in memory, because that'd be huge.   In theory, they could write the video to local storage on the first playback, but that's an upcoming feature with HTML5, and I don't know if it'll be big enough for multi-gigabyte video files. Due to some bad browser implementations (mostly old versions of IE), it could be a while till this becomes standard, if it ever does.
0	I see a lot of BS in here, and not a lot of good info, so I am going to summarize.   Disclaimer: Africa is fucking huge. none of these comments applies to all people in Africa. There are, however, some cultural norms that are highly prevalent in many countries on the continent that help to lead to high fertility rates. Please recognize that these statements are not intended to dismiss the very real shifts Africans have made socially, economically and culturally in the past century.   To wit: The answer is, education, culture and infant mortality.   Education: Anyone who looks past their hands can figure out what causes babies, but what is much more difficult is estimation of how children will  negatively  impact your  physical livelihood  (meaning we completely ignore any emotional benefits). In many cases, children are an  economic benefit,  as they can provide labor for the household from a very young age.  In industrialized nations, children cost money until they are in their teens because we have laws forbidding them from working a full work week and mandating they attend schools. In Africa, children can work on family farms or in villages and provide valuable services for a family from only 18 months old.  As such, a significant percentage of African children do not attend school, and are not educated about things such as family planning, budgeting, labor exchange etc. Which leads us to culture.   Culturally, there are a lot of reasons Africans have such a high fertility rate. 1st, Much of Africa is paternalistic, meaning the wants and needs of the wife and daughters come after those of the husband and sons. If the husband wants sex, often a refusal can result in very negative consequences both within the family (beatings) but also in the society (refusal to acquiesce to your husband has been grounds for death, in some cases).  2nd, large families can, as noted above, provide labor to care for the whole of the family, leading to a general notion that larger families are better.  3rd, If you can afford to educate one of your kids, it will be your son. 2 kids? both sons. 3 kids? if you have 2 sons and a daughter, you pay for better school for your sons. Lack of education about planning and welfare means that many women literally are simply ignorant of the fact that they might benefit the work force with their labor, rather than simply being a baby factory, as they are raised to believe their job is to care for the family, not participate in the work force.   Infant Mortality: In industrialized nations, we have rapid access to reliable, good and extremely specialized healthcare, giving us the lowest infant mortality rates in history. Never before have so few of our offspring died before 5 years old, to the point where we expect if we have only  one  child, they will live to bury us.  In many parts of Africa, the nearest doctor is miles away, and often that journey must be made on foot.  This means that  vastly  higher numbers of African children die before their 5th birthday than in industrialized nations. So, do you wait to see if your son or daughter makes it to 10 before having another? No, you make a very macabre calculation about how many of your children will die, and then you have more than that number. Often, it isn't unrealistic to expect 1 in three will not live to 10. That, in conjunction with the above and growing access to healthcare means that large families tend to stay large, leading to a rapidly expanding population.   That is the snowball on the tip of the iceburg of an answer to your question.   How to fight this? Education of women.  Every single study  done on the subject notes MARKED declines in fertility rates as well as infant mortality rates when you educate girls. The spreading effects and economic returns are staggering.
0	I think it is best stated by how we went our separate ways...   She is from a small town called Gentry, in Arkansas. I'm from London. She was living with me, in London, and kept saying that she could 'spike' her ex's weed for getting custody of her only child (she had to have a hysterectomy after he was born, years before I met her).  I thought nothing of it.   Thought she was acting funny, and I knew what was up as she was acting just like when I caught her sexting her ex and tried to hide it. Went through her Facebook, after she started growing more distant emotionally, and yup. Messaged some very disturbing things to both her ex... And her the man she always called her brother (non biological, though everyone knew them as siblings due to growing up together).  I mean, things like "I miss you sucking my dick" sort of messages.   I was very disturbed, and we had a 'talk', not sure why though I wanted to do everything to make this marriage work... Didn't want to be divorced by the age of 23 (fuck me, right?)   Fast forward a week, and we are due to leave from London to Northwest Arkansas, with a layover in Atlanta. I had a bad stomach, so I naturally smoked the last of the weed I had been smoking for a week at that point without problems... That's when it started.   I began vomiting blood, coffee ground blood, as soon as we got to the airport. She didn't care, which I thought was odd but was feeling too sick to take notice of. I held in as much as I could, as I thought it was all in my head and it was just a stomach bug... Kept throwing up for the entire 8 hour flight to our layover in Atlanta. She was completely unfazed by the fact that her husband was throwing up blood.   We land in Atlanta, and as paramedics took me from the airplane via first a wheelchair, then a stretcher, to the hospital... She leaves. Makes an excuse that she won't be able to get a ride home later, in Arkansas, and got on the plane there... While I was in hospital.   Fucking bitch.   Then as I was due to be seen by the doctor, I checked Facebook on my laptop (that I had as a carry-on).  She sent me a message, that she wants a divorce, via FACEBOOK. Saying that everything she said about her was a lie, and she only got with me so she could gain citizenship in London to get free healthcare for her bad knee (yeah, that's not how you get citizenship anymore, she couldn't have gained citizenship from someone who has no savings - it is impossible, even if we were married).   I discharge myself forcefully, and catch a plane in a wheelchair to Arkansas, get picked up by my brother, and call her.  Before I'm able to get the divorce over and done with, I collapse in blood.   Turns out I had a Mallory Weiss tear. I was torn from my esophagus down to my stomach, severe internal bleeding. I'm lucky to be alive.   Couldn't prove a thing, but the divorce went through without a hitch.   That was some time ago, and since then I've had a girlfriend for almost a year and a half now. We met online, funnily enough, and are quite happy. I've got a full time job that pays well, even though its taking a while for us to get caught up...   So there is a happy ending to it all. I just look back and think, "holy fuck I survived that crazy bitch". Even if I couldn't prove that she fucked up my insides (like the whole 'she did something to my pot' would hold up in court) I have had one fucked up experienced.
0	actually, out of all the cats ive had, ive only adopted one of them. (my parents actually adopted him).   my boyfriend found my second kitten, elf, in the parking lot of a sams club.   my boyfriends ex gave us two kittens from a litter that was outside of her moms work, we named them yin and yang.   my boyfriends mom and her husband found two kittens that were only a day old or so who had been abandoned by their mother. some lady scared her off due to being "allergic to cats", even though they were on her front porch, away from the door. we nursed them back to health, although only one survived, sadly. her name is lunacy (or luna for short).   all of the other cats my bfs mom has (4 others besides luna) were found on the streets as stray kittens and rescued.   she also has two pitbulls (honey and buddy) that she found running down the street who looked abused, and she took them in. they are wonderful, sweet, loving dogs, although they were definitely abused by their former owners.   when i was very young, a reddish pomeranian/fox terrier puppy showed up at my door (the morning after i predicted it to my grandmom, i was like 3 or something and said i was gonna get a red puppy). i named her ruby.
1	Played ranked immefiately after 30 and failed miserably. After placing into bronze 3 and being stuck there for 100 games, I switched back to normals indefinitely until I thought I was better. I played 300-400 normal games just for fun and found out I could do consistently well at ad carry, specifically draven and cait. My ad carry in reality sucks but I found something that worked for me temporarily and it boosted me to bronze 1. During that time I managed to learn how to support from playing so much bot lane and that led me into silver. At these point I had a fairly good understanding of the game after playing 800+games(ranked and normals), I could actually learn other roles and began to understand matchups and strats. Now im in silver 1 as a jungler/ top lane main. There was a shit load of learning  required to get this far but I finally think I got all the tools to make it to gold or plat or beyond.
0	I took a basic networking class in community college.  The instructor was not a professional teacher, but had his networking certification, was the head network guy for a local town, and implemented a town wide wireless infrastructure.  The "know it all" would constantly argue, correct, and input his two cents.  This annoyed me to no end.  I knew the stuff too, but wanted an easy credit.  One day the instructor said if you passed a basic networking certification (CompTIA's Network +) you will pass the class and not have to take the final.  At the next break, I packed up my stuff and went home, studied for few weeks, and passed the certification.
1	Riot should be interested in it though.  It adds HUGELY to the character of the game.  One of LoL's strengths is its ensemble and rich (by MOBA standards) lore, and voiced interactions would greatly enhance this.  Think how much those little in-game lines add to the dynamicism and humor of TF2.  Think how many fanworks have been inspired the the characters of TF2 largely developed through ingame interactions.   LoL has a lot of fanart and fanworks - but I find the amount to actually be shockingly small considering the game's popularity.  Compare to the amount of TF2 fanworks or even things like Touhou.  The thing about fandom and fan involvement in game story is that it is positively reinforcing.  Once you get a certain critical mass of quality content being produced, more and more people see that at are inspired to make their own content.   Another point: yes, DOTA 2 has voice interactions.  Yet adding voice interactions would actually help to FURTHER differentiate the two games!  How so?  The characters are different!  Without voices or clear personalities, people will be like "oh such and such hero in LoL is just a port of such and such from DoTA," but a clear and distinct art style and personality can set the character apart from his gameplay compatriots.
0	See, I disagree.   I am one of those rare guys that "has ever had a meaningful relationship with a woman." At least, it was meaningful to me. I could easily have seen myself marrying this girl (I'm not calling her a woman for a reason), but she didn't think I was as important as messing around with other guys and "playing the field," if you will.   But that's not what angers me. That was legitimate, as she (as far as I know) abstained from that until we broke up. No, what got me was that she lied to me about how she felt up until the very end. She would blame stupid shit on everyone but herself, and then keep making the same selfish decisions. And I was supposed to be okay with it because she said "I love you" once in a while.   When she left, she did it over the phone. She was sighing and huffing any time I tried to talk. She generally treated me like a worthless child. And it was that moment that I found out that she was just as immature as I could imagine. Since then, I've turned around my outlook on her. I wouldn't go back to her if she begged. And these memes (although I'm not the biggest fan of them) sometimes do ring true about this particular ex of mine - even though I loved her with every ounce of my being while we were together.   I respect your opposition of treating women like whores in general. I agree with it. But until you've been in a situation that truly fucks up your ideal of love and women - and perhaps does so literally overnight - you are overstepping your bounds in proclaiming what adult men "should" and "shouldn't" do.
0	The problem with filing charges, is somehow when the police arrive the female will twist things so it looks like she is the victim and the male will get arrested instead.   I witnessed this first hand. My friend was being violently assaulted by his girlfriend, yet he didn't fight back, didn't even push her away. There were plenty of witnesses vouching for him, yet when the cops got there, she said he hit her, and he was arrested. He said he didn't want her in his house, cops didn't care, let her stay. She destroyed/stole everything while he was in jail for the night.   Case was thrown out of court.
0	This happened to a friend of my grandma, but quite the opposite.   One time, when I was about 10, my mom and dad left me and my sisters alone for about 2 hours to go have dinner. My two sisters are younger than me, and as the oldest brother, I was in charge. Mom told me never to pick up the phone when I'm alone, but bah, fuck it. I live in the same house my mom did when she was a kid. So after about half an hour of being alone, an old lady calls, and asks for my grandma. She doesn't live here anymore, and I don't know why the fuck I answered, but anyway, she insists my grandma still lived in my house, and she started insulting me for not passing the phone to her. She finally says "well fuck you, asshole!" and hangs up. I get a bit scared because I didn't know who she was or anything, so I disconnect the phone and don't call my mom to tell her. The old lady called about 15 minutes later, again asking for my grandma. Same drill, she doesn't live here bla bla please don't call again. She flips out big time now, not just insulting, but threatening with calling the police to my house, asking what had happened to my grandma and shit like that. I hang up, and when mom arrives I tell her who called. She started laughing, because it was one of my grandma's friends who had alzheimer, and she forgot stuff all the time. I still ended up hating that old bitch. A month later I found out she died in her house. How? She slipped and fell right on her column in the shower, paralyzing her. She was left there for 3 days until she died, no one could hear her scream, and she was fund about a week later, dead. It might be fucked up, but I was a bit happy to learn that she had died. Childhood hatred, I presume...
1	One of the fundamental principles of any sport or competitive game is that all participants begin play on the same level.  To remain fair (and, therefore, a more true test of player skill), no participant should be given any advantages or disadvantages beyond what all other participants experience.  Good games/sports do their best to remove/reduce unfair advantages and level the playing field; intentionally and arbitrarily assigning advantages/disadvantages based on a "home-field" designation is preposterous.   To illustrate:   You are scheduled to play in a serious LoL tournament in the coming month.  Your team performs well and manages to secure a spot in the finals.  Unfortunately for you, the finals are scheduled to take place in Quebec where your opponents, being stalwart Canadians, will be given an advantage of 50 extra starting gold.   It is their home field, so this makes sense, right?  Besides, you've had the home-field advantage work in your favor during a few of your previous games.  This is totally fair.   The first game starts and you find that your two teams are pretty evenly matched, with each lane trading about the same damage back and forth.  Then, your bot lane runs out of potions while theirs still have one left.  Your jungler goes down to help even it out, maybe even force a flash or a recall, but is counterganked by their jungler who has much more health than you were expecting.  Bot loses hard.  Being about equal in skill, the enemy bot lane's early advantage starts snowballing and, even if that 50 extra gold doesn't bear any real fruit for top or mid, the entire game's outcome could be traced back to that early gank/countergank that started snowballing the Canadian Killers to victory.   Is that fair?  Surely 250 gold wasn't a big deal, right?   Your team wins the next, loses the one after that, wins another, and finally loses the whole thing in the last round.   After the set, when you're sitting in your seats watching the CKs collect that huge check and fondle  your  trophy, the sting of your defeat will be quite sharp.  You know your two teams were close in skill, but how did they pull on top?  That is when, in the back of your mind you'll remember.  From the beginning, your enemies had help, extra resources that you didn't, an advantage beyond your own.  Surely you would have won if you had been so fortunate, so blessed as they... right?   If the finals had been hosted back home, would you have won?   Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.  John Greenleaf Whittier   Ultimately, home-field advantage could be arbitrarily assigned to a team regardless of physical location (this is a videogame) but my point stands.  Even if the teams traded advantage every game, one team would still end up having the advantage one more time than the other when the set is decided.
0	i was the same, 22 now and i go alright with girls. Once i started going out a bit i found it didn't take much effort to pick up girls, and it just got easier and easier as i realised more and more that some girls are actually attracted to me. I don't go out with the desperate intention of picking up, it's more like if it happens it's a bonus. but it happens fairly frequently. at 19 i think i'd kissed about 4 girls. 3 and a half years later that number is probably in triple digits now. still never had a girlfriend, but that's because i shit bricks and run whenever things get remotely close to being a relationship.
0	The same has been said about the "conflicts" the US gets 'involved' with. For whatever reason (corrupt or not), those directing the system aren't going to undo or even slowdown the direction we're heading towards.   I think the problem is literally the system itself; a complex system where secrecy has grown by orders of magnitude; it amplifies its power with technology, money, politicians, weapons and media.
0	Hi. I'm doing this right now. Here's my website  I'm not sure how it works for other people, but here's how I did it. I started refinishing furniture and selling it as a hobby about six years ago. For six years I worked a full time job as an antiques dealer, and refinished on the side. I was probably working about sixty to seventy hours a week, but since I love refinishing work, it wasn't that bad. After years and years of doing both, I saw that I had made more at the part time refinishing job every month than I was at my full time job. I had grown the business enough that I was nowhere near starting from scratch. In August I quit my job to run my furniture business full time. Thus far, it's been great.
1	I don't think that was what he said. In Battle.net (Diablo 2), there are some many hackers that use some methods to dupe items. Some of those that find these methods use it for their own purposes, but others actually post these methods on the forums to make Blizzard take measures against it and fix these bugs.   I think, Riot's policy is like this: They don't want any cheats or hacks in this game but IF someone somehow figures out that there is a way to hack (e.g. maphack), they would first blame themselves for poor coding and giving the possibility to do this. They would fix it and not ban those that took advantage of this.   An example I can give from Diablo2 is as follows: There was a hack that could make the server you're on crash, so you could, for instance, try and build an item by inserting 3 extremely valuable runes and if this item turns out to have poor stats, you would make the server crash and your inventory would be resetted, giving you the opportunity to insert these 3 runes again. This method was posted on forums and everyone made use of it, making it completely unplayable for that duration because the servers would crash every 5 minutes. If it wasn't for huge server lags and masses of posts on the blizzard forums, no one would have taken measures against it because Blizzard has long forgotten Diablo 2. So better have the hackers find out bugs, make it public and exploit it for a week to a great extent than having a bunch of people make use of it secretly when no one knows about it.
0	In these situations I always ask myself, "What would Jesus do?" And the answer is always "Revenge."
0	I know a woman who owns a dog that is just INSANE. She used to come over to visit my aunt and uncle, and would bring Cujo the psycho-poodle. The dog absolutely flips its shit the minute it sees anyone besides its owner...it barks aggressively like it's the end of the world then usually tries a little snapping or nipping.  She then hugs the dog and tries to comfort it as if it was scared! She has NO IDEA she is actually encouraging her dog to be a neurotic f***in mess around others. My uncle and I have tried telling her a million times what she is doing wrong but I swear some people just decide at 60 that they're going to stop learning, and everyone else younger than them is just a lying fool.
1	A lot of people have noted that "extra AD isn't necessary for last hitting".   And while this is true -- you can certainly last hit perfectly well with 3 less AD or 4 less minion damage -- I think this overlooks an important aspect of laning.     Frequently a player will need to vary the time when he goes for a last hit; it makes it easier to dodge skillshots. There are some times when you will be zoned for the next few seconds (minion wave about to die, and it will push into your tower), and you will need to last hit a minion as soon as possible. Either way, the  extra minion/attack damage gives you more flexibility in the lane, which makes you more unpredictable .     Secondly, the extra minion damage 3 AD/4 Minion damage may not seem like much, but it's actually quite significant.   Some APs have a base damage of ~ 50.  4 minion damage is an 8% damage increase at level 1 .   By contrast, the 3 AP you have as an alternative?   3 AP on an 80 damage, 1.0 AP ratio skill at level 1 will give 3 damage; this is only a 3.75% increase, and it's even less for more realistic (lower) ratios. Not to mention that if you trade skill + one autoattack with your opponent, that AP damage could easily be made up by the extra AD on autoattacks.     Lastly, there are frequently situations where your minion wave's autoattacks all cooldown simultaneously. For a simplistic analysis, ignoring armor:   Ranged minions have a starting base damage of 25. There are frequently times where 3 ranged minions' projectiles will hit the same target close to simultaneously (basically close to 75 damage), making certain last hits very difficult:   Assume you have 50 AD. You basically cannot last hit any minion that eats the 75 AD 3-projectile burst between 51 HP and 75 HP. This is approximately 1/3 (33.33%) of minions in this situation.   With 2 points in the minion mastery, you have 54 effective AD. Now you will only miss the last hits between 55 HP and 75 HP, which is ~28% of minions missed (in the stacked ranged minion situation).
1	I wholeheartedly disagree.  First, because the game is balanced more around gold values of stats within the game, not IP outside of it.  Second, because some stats in this game are far more powerful than others and uniform distribution and IP pricing of runes is only going to make some runes not worth purchasing or using in the first place.   Using the  tables .  For a single point increase in HP it costs a player approximately 2.6 gold.  That's not a lot of an increase, but it's not a lot of gold either.  Let's take a look at AD then, 36 gold for a single point of AD.  For almost 14x our HP investment of we still only get a single point.  This isn't by accident, but before we stray too far from the topic let's get back to runes.   Using the data above and the current HP Quint (2050 IP for +26 HP) Riot has established that each HP quint is worth approximately 67.6 gold. (2.6 gold per point of HP, 26 points of HP in a quint, 2.6 x 26 = 67.6).  So in terms of HP, 2050 IP = 26 HP = 67.6 gold.  Again breaking this down to single point increases it comes out to be  78.84 IP = 1 HP = 2.6 Gold .  Let's see if that ratio holds up when we take a look at AD.   An AD quint provides 2.25 AD for 1050 IP.  We established earlier that for a single point increase in AD it costs 36 gold.  An AD quint is worth 81 gold, making that ratio 1050 IP = 2.25 AD = 81 Gold.   466.67 IP = 1 AD = 36 Gold .   Now there are a couple ways you could try to make the runes uniform.  First, you could make it so they give equal stat increases across the board:   > AD Quint 2.0: +26 AD.  12,133 IP (466.67 x 26).   > HP Quint: +26 HP. 2050 IP.   We can see here that While both are providing an equivalent numerical stat increase, adhering to the gold efficiency values makes the AD Quint 2.0 incredibly overpriced.  However, say you artificially adjust the price of it to be equivalent to the current HP quint:   > AD Quint 3.0: +26 AD. 2050 IP.   > HP Quint: +26 HP. 2050 IP.   Now that looks fantastic, but for what should be about 936 gold for each point of AD we're getting it all for the low low price of 158 gold.  That's a little bit too optimized and we'd see the league of AD for a long long time to come.   So let's flip it now:   > AD Quint: 2.25 AD 1050 IP   > HP Quint 2.0: 2.25 HP 117.39 IP   Now that's a low low price that's just junky, and the product does nothing. Congratulations I just sold you 1 caster minion hit.  So let's adjust the cost of the HP quint now > AD Quint: 2.25 AD 1050 IP   > HP Quint 3.0: 2.25 HP 1050 IP.   Now we're grossly overpaying for what is essentially a non-existent benefit.   You could do this same exercise with any other stat, trying to adjust their IP prices per point simply isn't going to work without heavily tweaking the gold per point values within the game itself.   Not all stats were created equal, don't attempt to treat them as if they were.
1	Meh, I read the whole thing. I find most
0	Here's a long story that probably noone will read but here goes.   When I was about 12 I went with my family to visit some friends that lived in New Jersey. We landed in Newark and drove to their house in Ramsey. Well apparently at some point during our first night there I farted in my 7 year old sister's mouth and woke her up and she went to find my parents. She didn't see them in the living room so she went outside, then down the street. So here is this 7 year old girl walking around New Jersey at 6 am. Some lady finds her and asks where she's from and she says "New York" (thinking that's where we landed.) So this lady freaks out and calls the police and they finally discover where my family is. So my dad wakes up to a knock on the door and answers it to find two police officers there when one of them asks "do you have a daughter named Jenna?" My dad freaks out, says yes and they hand her over to my dad and she's just eating a bunch of donuts like nothing was wrong.
1	If they are going to nerf buffs then game pace will be even slower and we only gonna see 1 fight every 6minutes in between dragons. I feel that buffs became essential on some champions for example look at zilean (below average solo mid champion) and with blue? monster of a laner...  Same thing happened when sk picked anivia, they didnt got any blue that they were expected to take at 7minutes like every single scrim/solo queue game or even half of tournaments. M5 said NO! we gonna take it from you, and that basically demolished mana reliant ap mids like cass/anivia
0	I'll probably get internet punched in the taint for what I'm about to write but I guess that's just what comes with being on the internet.   Sometimes you love someone. That person you love is a beautiful flower, you water that flower every damn day for the first 6 months or so. Then the flower gets weeds growing with it. Goddamn weeds. So you pull those weeds and the flower is no longer surrounded by the ugliness and all you see is its pure beauty once again. But guess what, those weeds, those mother fuckers come back. Seems you didn't get their roots, shoulda dug deeper. But maybe you thought that if you got the ugliness on the surface to disappear then everything would be fine. You were wrong. You were so very wrong.   You see this flower is still beautiful and you continue to water it, just not every day, maybe a couple times a week. Sometimes the flower doesnt want you to water it. Sometimes the flower gets upset that you want more to just water it than to pull the weeds. But it's so much easier to just water it and let the weeds deal with themselves. The flower starts to close its pedals. You try to get them to open back up and they do, but then they close again. While that flower is still beautiful to you it makes you sad that the flower no longer wants you to water it and to be the one to take care of it.   The weeds come back. This time you spray weed killer on them and pull them from the ground. Fuck, you didnt get deep enough again for those damn roots. Or maybe you did. Unfortunately the roots have already damaged your flower. Even though you got to them it was too late. The damage was done. Your flower is dying. You try everything. Water, miracle grow, more sun light, anything you can think of. You talk to it, wonder what is going on in the flowers head but you cant seem to bring the flower back to how radiant and happy it was when you first started watering it. Yet in your eyes that flower is just as beautiful as the day you first layed eyes on it. You still love that flower, so very much.   The flower closes up again. It starts blaming you for why its not the same anymore, why she doesnt want you to water her anymore. But you have been watering this flower for three and a half years and she wants you to still care for her. But her roots are damaged and you cant fix them. When its cloudy the flower really gets upset, somehow the clouds are your fault but you have no idea how or what you did to make it your fault. Clouds, weeds, pests eating her pedals, too much water, not enough water; these are all your fault.   You dont know how to fix things. You are so fucking sad because every other flower you watered up until this point has died. You must hold on you tell yourself. Maybe if you get out of your garden and just take a look at other gardens that wont hurt. Afterall your flower got so upset and refuses to talk with you and tells you that she doesnt want you to water her anymore. This has happened a few times before but it always seems that you make things better after a few days and things will blow over like before. Youre outlook is slightly different this time because the flower said some very hurtful things. Youve kept things inside for too long and let them build up.   You decide to take a walk with a friend that night. He leads you to a garden full of beautiful flowers. All kinds. There are roses, tulips, lilies, daisies, orchidsits been a while since you watered orchids. One rose in particular would love to be watered by you. She listens to your problems with your flower at home. How your flower doesnt like the way you water her. How she doesnt like your muddy boots, doesnt care for the way you sing to her. But this rose loves all those things and thinks that you are an amazing gardener. So you stay up all night with this rose and talk and laugh and after many drinks you water this rose.   Feelings of immediate regret and self-loathing serge through your veins and take over your body. You run from that garden. As fast as you can. Why would you do that? How could you water another flower? You weep. Your body convulses with shame and sadness. You go home to your garden, not sure of what to do. You dont want to hurt the flower that you have loved for three plus years. So you dont tell her what happened. But things are different. You dont try and water your flower for weeks. You cant sleep. You cant look at the person thats in the mirror. You lose 10 pounds cause you cant eat. Then one day you cant take it anymore and you sit down next to your flower and tell her what you did. You see the look in her eyes when you tell her that you watered another flower that was not her. That look will be forever burned into your memory and every time you think of her you picture that look of heartbreak in her eyes. It breaks you apart inside, and forever will.   The flower dies. At least the relationship you had with her. You leave. Nothing more to give. You dont deserve to have watered such a beautiful flower.   I started out writing this to justify a very few certain circumstances where cheating isnt as one sided and horrible. But in writing this I remember how fucking shitty and what bullshit unfaithfulness is. Some people say that the worst feeling is being cheated on. They havent experienced the pain of looking someone that you love in the eyes and telling them of your infidelities. Now some people say if you really loved someone you wouldnt have cheated. Sometimes people are weak. Sometimes they can be spiteful. Sometimes they let too much shit build up and dont address underlying issues. Sometimes you do shit and regret it and hate yourself for it. Sometimes its something that you regret for the rest of your entire life.
0	My brother and his wife gave their son the talk but it didn't do any good.   He acted "innocent and naive" all while having unprotected sex w/his gf. At the time he was 17 and she was 15.   Now they're a year older and have a child on the way- neither one need this. Who is footing the bill? Parents. I'm just pissed because they considered themselves married and didn't need to worry about pregnancy after dating for 3/mo.   So unfortunately I now have a grand-nephew on the way in October. Fabulous.
0	I worked in a shelter for 2 weeks as a horizon broadening exercise my senior year of high school.   It is very common.   It is so easy to lose perspective from outside a shelter.   Many animals that arrive to the shelter are broken and damaged. And oftentimes the emotional damage is much worse than the physical. So many animals come into shelters every day, and so many are broken. It is a very depressing place to work.   I can guarantee that almost all shelter employees have to suffer through having to euthanize the animals they love on a daily basis. That's why they say to spay and neuter. There are too many animals, and not enough people to revitalize and nurture.
1	The issue with Japan getting into LoL is that PC gaming is far from mainstream there. PC games in Japan are mostly "doujin". (think indie games and fan games), military strategy games, eroge (porn games), and Western titles. PC gaming just isn't a part of the culture there the way it is in the rest of Asia. Additionally, online gaming isn't nearly so big in Japan as it is in the rest of the world.   When league moved into Korea and China it built upon the local popularity of games like Dota and Starcraft to build upon. In Japan Riot will not have that luxury. While Starcraft and Dota are available to play in Japan, they are far from popular. Riot would effectively have to create and foster a whole pc gaming culture on its own in order to become successful in the Japanese market. I think they can give it the old college try, but I really doubt that LoL will gain any real popularity in Japan.
1	I was 0-4-5 Sivir (admitedly not the best score) last night. We actually won our lane. I was 30 CS ahead of graves, and BOT LANE only got 1 kill on us the entire time. All my deaths were from team fights where we got rolled under our tower coz their enemy team was fed to hell. The 9K-10D udyr tells me its my fault we lost and fed bot lane. He ignored the fact that most of my assists were just him getting the last hit on the same champ.   Completely oblivious to the fact that he and our mid fed the enemy team 20 deaths by the ~30m mark =/  that definitely wasn't why we lost. Can't damage a fed team that buys survivability.
1	This only happens if you don't clear the next incoming wave. Since you killed their top it's safe to extend beyond their tower to clear them as they come up lane(Assuming you're not super low).
1	I really hope this is the beginning of them taking over the servers and getting rid of the useless "GM's" that "manage" the game. They are absolutely useless when it comes to player support and will not even consider helping you unless you directly PM them while stroking their egos.   What we need is a structure similar to Riot NA where there is a dedicated player support team (hopefully none of the existing GMs will get hired for this as they have already proven their incompetence), that will help out with establishing a regional Tribunal as well as tech/customer support.   Please Riot, just take over already. Garena has already proven they have no idea how to manage your game.
1	There is a simple solution for this, TwitchTV is the gaming redirect for JustinTV, go to  and sign up there, then go to their games section at  , find what you are looking for there, and it will redirect to TwitchTV without you having to deal with their shit website.
1	I agree that a post like this shouldn't even need to be made, but I can't say that I'm surprised the LoL community is reacting the way it is.  IMO, the behavior of a large percentage of players detracts from a meaningful and enjoyable gaming experience.  I believe there are a handful of factors at work here.   First, it doesn't seem like Riot really cares about players being cruel to each other.  The keyword here is SEEM, because I can't fault them for not handling each and every case in a game that has a population in the 10s of millions.  I'm not sure what the answer to this is, but I can say that I don't feel like theres a point to reporting a player for being toxic.   Second, I feel like a core issue with people playing this game is a lack of empathy.  This lack of empathy is enforced by the anonymity the internet affords people.  We've all had bad games where we make a bunch of mistakes or get outplayed by our opponent etc.  If people would remember this instead of saying "YOU'RE BAD YOU FED GG!", maybe this wouldn't be such a rampant issue.
0	I am vaccinating my daughter, but we're doing it on a different schedule than what is recommended.  Basically we're splitting each dose of shots into 2 doses, so she won't be missing any vaccines, but she also won't be getting 4+ vaccines at once.   Yes, vaccines are good, but you also have to be aware that they do carry risks.  These risks don't outweigh the benefits of vaccines, but it's silly to spout a pro-vaccine doctrine without addressing the fact that there are risks associated with vaccines.   They can be mild, but in certain cases can be severe.  My daughter regularly has a localized reaction to the vaccine that causes, redness, swelling, and pain.  This can sometimes last days, and there is no real way to address the symptoms.
1	Did you hear the way he said "shut the fuck up"? He said it in such a sheepish way, how can you even get mad at that? I understand he said it in a profane way (btw we're talking about gamers here) but if I were regi i would've taken the hint that maybe dyrus was getting slightly annoyed but then he takes it to the next level and starts badgering him about it which would've instigated a fight from me if I was dyrus.
0	I fucked my ex for months after we broke up. After we split, comparatively speaking I wasn't doing well. So depressed that I didn't really even want to eat, or do anything. I lost probably 15 lbs in the 2 weeks directly following. Grades dropped, especially in the class that we took together "because it'd be a great idea" (lolnope).   Anyway, fast forward a bit, I had hooked up more than a few times for the whole rebound thing (worked for me in the past, when I was less emotionally invested in my ex(es)), but it didn't really help. At the time, I thought that there was something more to the physicality of my previous relationship, really put it up on a pedestal. Fast forward a little more, I'm a little too drunk for my own good at a party, and I'm being a wing man for my buddy. He's hooking up with this girl, I'm talking with her friends. I'm not trying to ride the tricycle that night (hopefully nor were they or I really regret my decision), and I'm not trying to choose one over the other to try and obviously escalate. I wait until my buddy goes back to his dorm with the girl, and I get her friends' numbers and leave.   I'm not sure what combination of poor mood and liquor caused me to do it, but I texted my ex for a booty call. She agreed and I came over. Had I not been drunk, I'm sure nerves would've messed with me too hard that night (I love tequila). Anyway, we fucked, and though I realized that it was totally average sex for us, but holy shit did I feel better afterward. Like all the nerves that I had and the sinking feeling in my stomach just... relaxed. I don't know why, but after that point, I finally started to get back to 100% again. We hooked up a lot more after that, purely in a casual sense.
1	4) Match-ups. Now this involves more meta-talk and is constantly evolving. But, essentially, with a tri-lane mid you apply much more pressure over-all to the entire map and immense pressure to the middle-lane unless they have at least a duo mid. As for blue, in the current meta, it would leave your AP to face ad/support bot lane on purple side and bruiser/whatever on top for blue side. This barely affects the blue-side match-up but for the purple-side matchup it limits the picking to long-range farmers. Which is great because lots of AP's can do that.   Ok so essentially what you are assuming is that there will be 3 people (AD, support, support) putting pressure on the lanes from mid instead of the usual 2 (AP mid+jungle).  Well at any given time, one of the supports is going to want to be farming the jungle so you don't lose xp in mid.  This essentially means your ganking team will consist of a support and an AD.  Early game AD's just don't do all that much damage, and most need time to get the maximum damage.  This does not equip them all that well for ganks, so they'll be entirely reliant on CC from the support/solo's to be able to get their damage out effectively, way moreso than an AP would since they have extremely high burst damage.  You will need heavy CC in top lane to make ganks effective.  Bot lane is a bit wierd, since ganks will be 3v2 instead of 3v1, against a sustain or CC -heavy support and an AD.  If the enemy support is smart they will attempt to shut down the AP so they can't dish out their full burst and instapop the enemy AD while he runs, or else they will attempt to sustain the carry and run.  Meanwhile, it will essentially be your AD and support versus their fleeing AD.  It could go either way I suppose, I'm not going to run through all the possibilities here, but by ganking with an AD carry/support combo you NEED kills or else your carry will be heavily underfarmed, if you consider the matcup here, what you have is a support/AD versus support/AD/AP, which is more or less equivalent to an AP mid roaming to bot lane in the current meta.   >5) In the traditional meta the jungler will not be able to relieve pressure from a tri-lane. The 2 supports can split to each bot and top lane and double gank after clearing their respective sides of the jungle (or parts of it, mainly the buffs). The enemy jungler can only respond to relieve pressure from one of these lanes. As well the 2 supports from mid can invade extremely easily, completely shutting down the enemy jungle.   Assuming what I said above holds true and you have two tanky-support-junglers who have at least two gp10's each, their ganks and clear times simply won't be all that great.  The enemy team will see a solo ad carry mid lane, and know something is up since neither support is there an have been jungling/ganking all game.  Their lanes are going to play safe.  After a brief delay while the supports clear camps, a wild maokai appears top-lane!  at the same time, a wild nautilus appears bot lane!  Then they realize that each champion only has a gp10 and some components of the next, and is full level below the rest of team.  Their jungler can only respond to one of these ganks at most, but if they do it will probably be a successful counter gank since their supports are fairly weak, and the AP has gotten completely shut out of farm all game since hes struggling against a support/ad combo.  The other option for their jungler is to assume both ganks will fail since the supports are weak, and go for the now completely open, squishy AD carry in mid lane.  Now they have a standard jungler and underfarmed AP versus an underleveled AD, chances are it will be a successful gank.  One of the other (weaker) ganks will have to be successful to make up for the loss of the mid gank.   >6) Farm. What about farm? This is, ultimately, what some consider the most important point. This is false. The tri-lane lane is not a late-game strategy. The farm on the 3 "main" heroes (mid/bot/top) are roughly the same with the only one that changes is bot lane purple side with 2v1 ap but this is countered by your mid lane 2v1 or 3v1 their mid lane. Same reasoning as the current swaps between top and bot lanes. In every single case duo-lane mid is better than putting ad/support ANYWHERE else on the map. It is a strict improvement strategically. In a tri-lane, farm-wise, the 2 "supports" in mid will have less farm than a traditional jungle but more farm than a traditional support. This is the trade-off for an immense increase in map-wide pressure. The tri-lane also does not have to contain a traditional ad carry as the entire point of tri-lane is a fast, pressure heavy game. The game should be over by 20 minutes tops.   The main problem I see with this strategy is that it completely cripples the AP.  He's forced into a 2v1 bot lane, and has no way of getting the farm he needs, although ideally he can stay ahead of the duo in levels if he doesn't die to a gank.  If they pick an aggressive support, he stands no chance, especially if their jungler decides to gank as well.  The ganks he receives will not be strong enough to guarantee enough kills to snowball.  On top of that, AP mids are the most powerful gankers in the game, and by putting him bot you completely cripple his ability to roam top.  He could still potentially roam mid, but chances are he'll be pushed to tower, preventing this from happening without risk of losing the tower early on.   This strategy revolves entirely around dominating early game, with an emphasis on shutting down their AP mid to prevent him from snowballing, while your AD carry get fed as many kills and farm as possible.  However, your AP carry is just as shut down in the process, and an AP's are the strongest and most influential early/mid game champions out there.  AD carry's struggle in early team fights since they just don't have the items they need to deal effective damage yet.  On top of that, you are going to have two CC-heavy, but underfarmed and underleveled support/junglers whereas the enemy will have a full-fledged jungler and standard support, this does not bode well for a team fight.  Essentially; you will be entirely reliant on your top lane and your AD carry for damage, while they will have jungler, top lane, and AD for damage.  You are using an early game domination/control strategy, with mediocre early damage.  If the game reaches mid game, you are REALLY going to struggle since they will have the level advantage since they didn't get completely dominated early and that's simply what this strategy is going to leave you with.
1	I almost can only play support at a not too bad level. Well, I can play a farming Irelia top or some weird champs mid, but that's pretty much all (basically, I just don't have enough IP to buy champions: looking at the champions released after 01/01/2011, I have Karma, Leona, Lulu, Zyra, Nami and Thresh; and I'm far from having all those released before 2011).   I spawned in Season 3 at Silver 1. Just reached Plat 5 spamming Lulu (81 games @61%) or Janna (19 games @74%) (my main in Season 2).   Basically, I believe Taric remains the easiest way to climb ladder (10 games @80%) but he's not fun to play. These three champions can do the job almost by themselves (as can a good Blitz) and I think they are way more reliable than others (Sona, Leona, AP-supports...).   [Lolking](
1	Had a similar situation not too long ago. I would say to just cooperate with them and answer their questions to the best of your ability. From my experience, the support staff wants you to have your account back. I had to answer the same questions (First 5 champions, account creation, etc.) I also found it challenging to remember the first 5 champions. Hell, I didn't even list 5. If they say that they need more info just give it to them to the best of your knowledge. I didn't even give the correct email I first signed up with. But in the end, they gave me a hint towards the email I used to register and I was able to match it. After that, they gave me my account back. The process took about ~2 weeks.
0	On my commute the high way is always under construction. So there is a concrete diver on the solid yellow line. Every fucking day I have to deal with idiots that don't know how to handle the situation they drive half of their car in the left lane and the other half in the middle lane. It drives me nuts they act like you're supposed to have that yellow line as a fucking lane.
0	Something was really bothering me about this and I couldn't quite place my finger on it. I was sitting there playing with my toddler when it hit me why the message of this picture is so aggravating.   I myself have gained around 40 pounds since my husband and I were first together for various reasons and am still considered attractive but not the "hottie" I used to be.   So let's assume you marry this girl when you are both fairly young. She looks around the college age, so we'll say 23-25. You're both pretty active, haven't yet had any kids, and she still has those lingering self-doubts brought on by being in a "competition" for attention from men when hoping to land a mate. She has a reason to keep her body at its peak until this point.   Now you're in love and decide to get married. Okay, so you both have to start thinking a little bit more about the future and finances as you're wanting to maybe start a family. You get reasonable jobs where you're confined to a desk all day. There goes a lot of your more active routines you used to have.   Now you have a baby on the way and you're both still looking pretty good, despite not having much time and/or too exhausted at the end of the day to spend that extra buck to make salad and fish for dinner, but settle for Pizza Hut or Hamburger Helper dinners.   Your baby is here and she, being your wife, still has a bit of weight, but you've assured her all the way through the pregnancy that she looks stunning. Hopefully you're assuring her of this all the time. But here's where all the stresses start coming in. Finances get tight with an extra mouth to feed and those ungodly hospital bills pour in. This does not include the stress from that little baby. Your wife has to go back to work to make ends meet and is stuck in that desk all day, comes home and takes care of the baby, passes out, then begins the routine all over again. There is very little time for exercise and the stress has compounded the weight issue.   Now take into account ALSO that she is, again hopefully, very comfortable with you in your relationship. She is not looking to attain another mate. She doesn't have to wear the skimpy blouses that say "MY MILKSHAKE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TO THE YARD" in big bold print because she has a man that she'd take over an idiot boy any day. She doesn't bother as much with makeup because you love her without it, you saw her vagina do things you'd never be able to comprehend doing on a normal day; like stretching to the size of a folger's can top to spit out a baby, you've seen her get morning sickness (in the form of Frosted Wheats all over the door that one morning), and you still call her beautiful. But she's hoping you're going to love her anyway and support her even if she can't lose those stress-baby-work pounds and doesn't dress like a two-dollar whore.   So we're sorry that we lost a little bit of that along the way. But we're hoping that we make it up to you by  providing you with a loving home and children and someone to spend the rest of your life with instead of stuck in your mother's basement hoping you'll land some young hot ass.   So now that I've said that, I feel much better. Hopefully your wife doesn't read what you posted, assuming you're married.
0	This isn't a bad meme in general. I'm just bugged by the picture, probably more than I should be.  The fact that the original ( and opposite) is a stock photo is pretty amazing. It is so funny because of that.
1	It comes down to this, nobody can tell anybody what champion to play ^^   I only began playing at the end of Season 2 but it seems the community was much happier when there was no set meta. This meta is derived from the highest level of play in LoL, meta doesn't mean anything at lower levels.
1	It certainly is an interesting idea, and off the top of my head i can see two kinds of reactions to this. 1: "Yay, i get to have a free skin every week, so I dont have to buy them myself" - This kind of mentality could actually make players extend their champion pool, by playing the champion that he/she has a skin for that week, therefore learning how to play that champion, rather than just having a champion that they never play.   2: "OMG I LOVE THIS SKIN, I HAVE TO BUY IT!" - Yeah... Pretty much means more money for Riot.   So yeah, I think it's a good idea, and it would probably cost me more money, but that's beside the point.
0	This is shit. Costco is a shitty place to work. Costco is a typical shitty retailer like Walmart that chooses to hire an army of part time teenagers instead of fewer full time positions so it can avoid paying for things like vacation. It is exceedingly rare that it promotes anyone from part time to full time regardless of how good an employee they are.   People at Costco that make 17 an hour(they are not the majority contrary to what the OP says and have been there for over a decade to get that pay) get around 10-15 hours a week. Additionally, like most other shitty jobs, they tend to regularly have said part timers work until 11:30pm at night and then have them clock in at work at 6am the next morning. Finally, turnover rate at Costco is very high.
1	I hate to say this, but I tend to agree.   I became a caster because I would sit around with my friends playing League Of Legends for 5+ hours a day & go work at a radio station on top of other work I had to do (3 jobs at the time).  All of my free time was going towards LoL & I really felt like this game was the one I wanted to play for a long time.  Being addicted to DotA in my high school years the flow of the game & it's mechanics were easy to pick up. I decided to do some newbie guides on mechanics like last hitting & map awareness first - and then started casting in my "Optimus Tom's Battle Arena" & other events. I have a huge passion for the game - but my knowledge of high level play is not very deep at this point despite playing since the beta. I feel like of the many many casters out there, a few do it thinking it is "an easy way to enjoy the game" when in reality it needs to be taken as serious work and an in depth look at the game.  I'm constantly watching streams & grinding ranked matches now so I can get to the point where I can provide in depth enough knowledge to cater to a "pro" audience, while giving enough action & mechanical explanations to cater to a less hardcore audience. I sat in with the Trinity Force Podcast post finals and listened to Dan Dinh explain the top lane like he was a Korean Brood War pro with such in depth analysis it made me salivate.  I don't have the time (work, casting, having time to sleep ><) to devote the 8+ hours these pros do to playing & learning the high level aspects of the game, but I have a little bit better tool. All of your feedback (especially your mackejn, I responded to you in the game day thread as well) is going to power not just myself, but every caster  to up their game - just as the pro teams are doing.  It might not happen in the next few tournaments, but the LoL community will grow to be more & more knowledgeable and present it like an eSport that has been around as long as say Starcraft, or Street Fighter.
1	feed" isnt always the correct word, if you just get outplayed really often, you didnt feed the other lane opponent. feeding should only be a term if you give the enemy kills on purpose, to make your own team lose.
1	Well I have a bit of time so I'll explain my reasoning for my above statement's. Characters are balanced a lot better now then say 8 month's ago. What I'm talking about is the "Solo Top, AP Mid, Jungler, AD Carry support bot". Riot has stated though that they will be doing something with top lane and supports so I'm not too worried. I'll try and find the post from Xeph that say's top lane champs were balanced around each other pretty much.
1	Jayce is not really a farmfest champion. If he doesn't get kills or bullies champs prior to 6, he will get smacked around post 6.   EDIT: Using edit since a lot of people seem to want me to expound on this a bit more. Jayce excels at poking down, then all-inning champions. That's pretty much his playstyle, and he excels at it. Failing to land an E->Q correctly (meaning wave clearing casters/melee in a single E->Q, or failing to hit a champ) means that you can be all-in'd. Against melee, that's not a problem because they will just get knocked back. Against ranged, they WILL out trade you easily. Obviously this is matchup dependant, but since top lanes are all about matchups, it's not something we can ignore.   If we approach this from a manner of trying to maximize a champion potential, there is no reason to pick a safe-farm Jayce. He excels at bullying and taking kills. If the MATCHUP forces you to play safe (mostly vs. strong harassers like Kennen/Elise), that is different. The main difference here is they may be forgoing team synergy in order to deal with Jayce's INCREDIBLE early game. However, if you fail to bully the lane opponent who opts for stronger team synergy in exchange for being weaker in lane (Singed, Malphite, Shen, etc), you are doing your team a disservice.   I hope I explained that correctly.
0	When my sister and I met our aunt's fiance, we both got a weird vibe. We instantly didn't like him, even though he was a seemingly nice guy. We mentioned it to our mom in passing, but she just made it out that we were antisocial and didn't like new people (which to be fair, is also true). We were 15 and 13 respectively in age, and something about him just seemed... weird. We privately made a deal that whenever he was around, to be sure we stayed together and left/entered rooms together. He was just that creepy. And he always wanted to hug, I'm not a hugging person to begin with, so that just made it worse.   Fast forward about a year and a half, he gets arrested for soliciting a police officer posing as an under age girl. My aunt divorces him shortly afterwards. There's lots of other stuff I could really add here, but we'll leave it at that. Ever since then when I get a gut feeling like that, I pay way more attention to that person.
1	Kinda my thoughts. I think she is in a good spot right now. All she can do is AA and that shouldn't get nerfed again. She has an Anivia level of movement and that should be a bit compensated with some extra damage. And TBH? She needs that to duel current top adc's. She needs it to compensate her lack of mobility and escapes. She's highly fragile against ganks and it's totally ok to give her the little "extra".   She has one of the slowest attackspeed from all adc's. (Her Animations are still slow but they improved it quite good I think!)   And don't forget people like Corkie do too have 10% additional dmg on their AA's and his is true dmg.
0	This required at least a small amount of creativity & thought. Confession Bear only requires you to type something absolutely everyone does, in a way that makes it sound condemnable.   The effort to karma ratio makes Karate Kyle and similar memes unworthy of lazy Redditors' investment.   Example:   Sometimes I fart before I get in the car + picture of sad bear = thousands of karma for no thought whatsoever.   She threw out my valentines card. I threw out her back = 13 karma tops, for a whole shit's worth of thinking time. I know it's not funny, but I'm not funny. I'm just a guy who over analyses things and posts it on the internet.
1	maybe its because im still in the 1200's but i main singe and had huge success with him in almost all situations. i have probably played just a tad under 40 ranked games total and half were with singe. i right now have a 75% wins with him (all in solo games) my last game i when 21 9 12  with just my normal tank build. i had two slots left that i was going to buy ap items but the game was over by then. i mean i 1v5 teams all of the time and come out alive with a kill or two. maybe its my build or something but i find him more unkillable than rammus or malphite.
0	My roommate has a twin-sized bed. I have a futon that folds out and makes a full-sized bed. It's not terribly uncomfortable, I used to sleep on it all the time before I got my queen-sized memory foam bed. My roommate also has a girlfriend who has a king-sized bed in her apartment. He was "planning on buying a bigger bed", but asked if he could sleep on the futon when she stays over, "twice a week tops". It turned into 4-6 times a week. It's a 4 year old futon that has gotten a lot of use(it was my couch as well as bed for two years), so the hinges were starting to go bad. It got to the point where it doesn't fold to the steepest angle. She started putting a notecard over the clock on the cable box because "it keeps <her> awake", and would never take it off. She doesn't knock, she just jiggles the doorknob until my roommate opens it, then bitches about the door being locked. That pissed me off.   What pissed me off more was that she started getting pissed when our other roommate and I would wake her up. Originally, she would only get a little pissy about us coming in drunk. Then one morning she got pissed because I was cooking breakfast at 9AM when she "got to sleep in". The thing that set me over the edge was when I came back to MY apartment from a long night at the bars, turned on the kitchen light that I pay for, grabbed a few chicken patties out of MY freezer and put them in the microwave that I pay for and started eating them off of MY plate. She sat up and said "do you mind? We're trying to sleep." I looked at her and said "Do you mind? I'm trying to enjoy MY living room, and I find that hard to do when YOU are sleeping on MY fucking futon 5 nights a week. Start paying some fucking rent or don't sleep here a majority of the week."   My roommate asked me if I had an issue with them staying over all the time, and I said I did, because my futon is obviously not doing well from them flattening it and putting it back into place, she's doing laundry at our place because she doesn't want to pay a one-time $25 fee to turn on the washer/dryer at her place. She comes over that night while I'm cooking and starts bitching at me. My roommate tells her to stop, and then says to put her overnight bag in his room, and tells her that they're sleeping in his bed. She starts sobbing saying how "I can't sleep in a bed that small" until my roommate says "you did it all last year, deal with it", and she stormed out. They broke up. He's cool as shit, but she's insane. I'm far more likely to put up with an unstable girl if she's hot, and I wouldn't date Emma Stone if she were this crazy. She called my roommate because she found a stray cat before leaving home, and started sobbing when he told her to think about bringing it back because an animal is a commitment. Wow, this got venty.
0	Guess what? Students that are selected for programs like GATE are already treated like they're going to cure cancer someday. I had 2 particularly awful teachers that treated me like I'm some kind of miscreant because they had no patience for the needs I had as a student that didn't understand the assignment.   Rather than try to get to the bottom of my problems as a student they put me on blast every time I didn't understand something. It's bad enough when your classmates treat you like you're mentally handicapped but to get that shit from an educator you're supposed to trust and go to.
1	Thinking back on it, this is a bit too much of a sarcastic and bitchy "
0	I had to do this just recently. We had a wonderful relationship for a year, and then things went sour due to him finding another woman (which was okay with me because we are both poly and I have another man. however, this woman was BATSHIT). He kept insisting he could fix things despite this woman CONSTANTLY being completely disrespectful to our existing relationship and acting like she owned his entire existence from the moment she met him. For 8 or 10 months (i honestly lost track and stopped counting) I stayed in a relationship with him because I kept hoping he COULD fix things. Eventually I told him he needed to pick her or me and I left.   He always told me that "if push comes to shove, I will always choose you." I figured telling him that I was leaving if he didn't leave her was that shove. But he didn't leave her.   Every few days/weeks I would get an email or a facebook message from him saying he was through with her and all of her bullshit. They were having constant fights. Their relationship wasn't healthy from the get-go. He kept telling me he was going to move out of her house and leave her forever.   So I kept going back to him. I have never had a relationship in my life that was as long or constantly fulfilling as I had with him.   Last week I set down firm terms at which he is allowed to contact me. I told him I want all my stuff back that I left at their place, and I don't want to be in contact with him unless he is going to completely cut her out of his life. She has done a lot of stuff to both me and him. I am not comfortable around her anymore. I refuse to be in a relationship with someone who is even FRIENDS with someone I have hostile feelings towards, or who has hostile feelings toward me.   Still. . . every single day is a struggle. I told him in my terms that I am not going to be waiting around for him to pick me and ask me back into his life. But after all the things he said in the past. . . some small part of me really hopes he DOES love me enough to push his toxic relationship with this other woman out of his life. . . and ask me back again. There isn't a single day that passes where I don't wish I could just talk to him or hang out, or be in his arms.   But I can't. If I give in, I let the cycle continue. I let that happen for almost a year. I can't live that way anymore. It's too oppressive.
0	How funny how people see things... years ago I found myself homeless after leaving the military (literally living on the streets). On Christmas night I found a $20 bill wrapped in a receipt on the road. I had a cheap jumbo jack earlier but was starving as I barely had enough money to eat any meal everyday. As I didn't own a car and had to walk everywhere I went to the only restaurant that was close by...but it was about to close. This was on Christmas for fuck's sake! And do you know what this restaurant crew did? They served me a steak dinner (that I hadn't been able to afford in a while) and treated me with respect no matter that they could tell I was homeless. Actually they (including the cooks and busboy!) sat at the table and we bullshitted about a bunch of shit. That day changed my life. I owe everything that I have now - my business, home, vehicles, etc to those great caring people who made me realize that I was special and that suicide wasn't the answer...even though they didn't know I was suicidal and we never talked about it. Don't EVER think that people don't affect other peoples lives.
1	You would hear about the top teams talk about picking Karthus to counter Morg but they obviously don't explain it to each other so most people don't understand.   Morgana is normally a strong pick for because she is able to farm very easily and usually can not be pressured out the lane or be ganked successfully.   On top of her safe lanning phase, she is also able to put out a lot of pressure with her pushing power and safety from jungle ganks. Normally pushing a wave to the enemies tower can make it very hard to the enemy AP to last hit under the tower because of their low attack value and their need to not waste too much mana and CDs.   However this doesn't apply to Karthus because can easily not miss any last hits with Qs under tower.
1	To The Young Turks: don't bring in people who know nothing about League of Legends or ESports to provide a discussion. Both reporters stated that they know nothing about the game, yet they continued to have this conversation. The worst part was when the guy near the end of the video said "this shit looks like zelda, we did this when we were 7." This is what Monte means by the reporters being ignorant and incapable of providing a discussion. This guy knows nothing about the game but he says it's something he doesn't like. Imagine Doublelift and Krepo trying to explain football and the NFL and NCAA and then calling it a dumb sport, when they probably know nothing about it at all. That's like saying Harry Potter is a bad read because it looks like a bunch of fantasy crap about magic, but the person never picked up the book in their life. Then he reads the book and to find out that it is a great read. Or he finishes the book and says "ok, i didn't like this book it doesn't appeal to me."
1	Maybe I'll order them later? Basically, this just shows there are a  ** ton of gap closers in this game...   Ahri (R) - 450   Akali (R) - 800   Alistar (W) - 650   Amumu (Q) - 1100   Cait (E) - ???   Corki (W) - ???   Diana (R) - 825   Elise (E) - 1075   Ezreal (E) - ???   Fiddle (R) - ???   Fiora (Q) - 600   Fizz (Q) - 550   Graves (E) - 425   Hec (E) - ??? More like a ghost   Irelia (Q) - 650   J4 (Q+E) - 770   Jax (Q) - 700   Jayce (Q) - ???   Kass (R) - 700   Kat (E) - 700   Kha (E) - 600   LeBlanc (W) - 600   Lee Sin (Q) - 1000   Leona (E) - 875   Malph (R) - 1000   Mao (W) - 650   Naut (Q) - 950   Nid (W) - ???   Noc (R) - 3500 (at max rank)   Panth (W) - 600 and (R) - 5500   Poppy (E) - 525   Renekton (E) - 450   Rengar (Passive) - ???   Riven (E) - 325   Sejuani (Q) - 700   Shaco (Q) - 500   Shen (E) - 575 and (R) is global   Shyvana (R) - 1000   Talon (E) - 700   Thresh (Q) - 1075 and (W) - 950   Trist (W) - 900   Tryn (E) - 650   Twisted Fate (R) - 5500   Urgot (R) - 850   Vayne (Q) - 300   Vi (Q) - ??? and (R) - 800   Wukong (E) - 650   Xin Zhao (E) - 650   Zed (W) - 550 and (R) - 625   Ziggs (W) - ???   Zac (E) - 1100 (at max rank)   Lucian (E) - 425
1	except the prefrontal cortex functions mainly for higher executive functions, which is also the reason we have larger, more complex prefrontal cortexes than other animal species.   I believe the part you are going for is the amygdala, a part of the limbic system which is largely responsible for fight or flight and other emotional reactions.
1	On the one hand, this is true.   On the other hand though, there are other items that make the other jungle items scale into late game:   Magus: It gets stronger with CDR (you can use your AP-based skills more often), Deathcap, maybe Luden's. All those multiply the use of the AP. Also when the game goes on, the user also gets (a bit) tankier and can potentially use another rotation of his (burst)combo.   Warrior: scales with AS, potentially CDR (depending on champ), ArmorPen and with some champs even with CritChance.   Devourer: scales into late completely by itself, also scales with AS, MPen, AD(+crit).   HP: scales with resistances, but in drawn out fights because your enemies got Lifesteal or CDR on an escape to avoid you (assassins), your HP will just go down, where their damage will come and come and come. HP just falls off later compared to offensive stats.   That's why I think, that giving a tank item a multiplicator to tank stats (HP in this case: Warmogs reg doesn't help much in combat but only really against poke) is absolutely fine. It might be better on another (non-smite-reliant) item, but as long as it isn't on another item, I think it is good that we have it on Cinderhulk.
0	Well, sure.   You just need to define your unit of beer and glass of wine. Shots are pretty standard.   Then you need to figure out the alcoholic content of the drink in question.  A can of craft beer is likely to be more than your average glass of wine, but some bottles of wine are more, or less, alcoholic.  So what's your average, and do you only drink that average?  Hell, even liquor varies, it just varies at the extremely high levels.   Also, how would you determine mixed drinks?  Do you carefully measure the liquor involved?  Do you expect the person making your drink to do so?
1	Kennen has a safer laning phase. Good in teamfights but easily counterable (exhaust / knock back)   Vlad a lot of the times lose the game in the laning phase, since theres a lot of ways you can counter him, but his late game when farmed is WAY better then kennen's. He provides a lot more after his ult, survives a lot more, can't be targeted by 4 seconds if using zhonyas, a lot more HP, exhaust doesn't really do that much to him, etc.
1	Besides the whole "snowball early, get fed hard, farm hard", and make the midgame as short as possible, other possible ways that you can prevent trist from falling behind is by having your team peel for Tristana if the enemy just rushes for her, or just avoiding engagements in the first place.  Personally, when I play with my AD carry and he plays Tristana, I try to pick a support that can either be aggressive early, or peel for him. Soraka isn't going to be able to do anything for tristana in a team fight, but alistar or janna can offer so much for the AD carry both in terms of aggression and peeling. Having champions that do better mid game, such as Cassiopeia, Nocturne, or Shen can also help cover your weaknesses.
1	So I tried playing HoN as a change of pace from LoL, the matchmaking system was confusing i remembered there being like two options one I though was ranked the other labeled as casual (I think) which I thought would be like normal in League so i queued in that. After a few games of getting completely hammered I was wondering why these people just starting were so good eventually on my 5th game someone kept pointing out how bad I was and i just told him relax its my 5th game. He then asked why I was playing ranked then. So basically the whole time I was playing ranked matches without knowing I was. I had a friendly conversation with the team after saying my bad and a few of them offered to play non ranked games with me and show me the ropes of HoN.
1	by the time she gets that warmogs as a support she's pretty much the squishiest support down there. While in soloqueue it works wonders, in competitive 5's a coordinated team would just feed off of her before she has the chance to farm it forcing the midgame to hit too early, force soraka to teamfight without items and the game is pretty much 5v4 further setting her back.
1	I disagree. I Played about 180 warwick games in Diamond during this past season with a winrate of 70% so stating that he wasn't that strong before would be inaccurate. It's more that people didn't know how to build warwick to make him a success. Now considering the new smites and the fact that most of the junglers don't gank as often as before means that hitting level 6 without much threat is much easier. Now considering you can get a free ff+10 item for only 2.2k amps up your damage tremendously. You spike a lot sooner in terms of solo dmg.
1	1. - Masteries  I'd like to point out I dislike the use of "support masteries" here. Utility masteries would probably fit better, and I do think that most of the utility masteries are neither exclusive to supports, nor underwhelming. Also, while it is true that supports spec into the Utility tree to get extra gold, mana regeneration, and sometimes movement speed to help them perform their role better, I myself (and most other support players I meet) rarely put the full 21 points into the Utility tree, since the Defense tree provides much more survivability. (You can't support anything when you're dead, after all.) I think this is not so much a problem with "support masteries" as much as it is a problem with the higher Utility masteries being somewhat underwhelming.   2. - Champion Availability  This is a much discussed issue within the community, and, from what I gather, within Riot Games too. There are only a few supports that are considered viable right now, but I think your analysis of which ones is slightly off (as others have pointed out already, so I won't go into that too much). The reasoning behind this, from what I've gathered from posts from Riot employees, is that first of all, there simply aren't as many people interested in supporting. This is mostly to do with the general premise of supporting, so I don't think there's much to be done about that. Second, making supports balanced is incredibly difficult. Riot needs to strike a very fine balance between utility, damage, scaling, defensive stats and a whole slew of other things that might mean a support is overpowered. We saw supports being used in other roles (usually AP mid) and absolutely destroying everything there. The combination of so much utility plus having the gold to build damage items means there's very little counterplay there. Nevertheless, I will grant you this point. There are very few supports, and there should probably be a few more. However, even with a lot of champions available, there will always be just a few champions that are deemed 'better' than the rest. If we had 100 support champions to choose from, I'd bet my left foot we'd still only play about a dozen or so.   3. - Itemization  This is also discussed frequently, and it is an issue I see in other roles, not only support. Take a look at AD or AP carries for example. The item builds within those roles are nearly identical from champ to champ, but the champion itself is what sets everything apart. While there are a lot of items out there that could theoretically be built, the community has judged all of them and deemed the items we use now to be 'the best' (see also what I just said about champion availability). Now, this isn't to say that some items that have been designed for the support role (looking at you, Locket of the Iron Solari) kind of missed the point. Also, it's not like I wouldn't like to see more diversity in item builds, but this is an issue that is spread across all the roles, and one that Riot seems to be trying to address in Season 3. We'll have to wait and see.   4. - Attitudes and Recognition  This is one of the major problems with supports at lower levels. Only they are warding, and they are sacrificing their ability to build other items for this purpose. Yes, that sucks. However, I don't really see a way for Riot to change supports in such a way that the rest of the team will start warding or respecting supports more, without altering the basic premise of support.   Now, as for your next point, I agree. It is often difficult to tell how well you did as a support based purely on the stats provided by the game. A bad support can rack up a lot of assists if they get carried by their team. A good support can have atrocious stats but still win the game for their team. What I don't see however, is why this should matter. Support is about doing as much as you can with as little as you have, and playing well is more important than racking up CS/kills/having a nice little number of how many ganks you prevented. You know you did well. Sometimes, even your team recognizes you did well. Whenever I support an AD carry, I often get compliments for my support play during or at the end of the game. A good support wins lanes. A mediocre support is just there to feed their carry health and mana and hope they will carry.   This last sentence brings me onto my next point quite nicely. Supports  can  carry. While it is true that you are relying on your team to deal damage for you and make good decisions, supports have a powerful impact on the game, most prominently during the laning phase. A good support counter wards, harasses and zones the enemy, keeps tabs on jungler presence, and much more. In many cases you are basically your carry's eyes and ears, looking out for any danger so they can focus nearly all of their attention to farming and/or killing the enemy. In the early game, it is the support that carries the carry, not the other way around. Of course, you need to work together with your carry. Of course you do. It's a 2v2 lane, not a 1v2 lane with another person just there for the ride. I see many, many bot lanes lose simply because the support and the carry aren't on the same page. This is part of what makes bot lane different from any other lane.   Now, I realize I'm crossing over into the next point a bit, but even in the late game, most supports have a very real impact on the game. It is usually the task of the support to either disrupt the enemy team (Leona, Janna, Blitzcrank, sometimes Alistar), or prevent the enemy from killing your carries. A well placed stun, a nicely timed Shurelya's, a quick Exhaust on that bruiser that just dove your carry, all of these things influence a teamfight immensely. Not to mention the map control you can provide with wards and Oracle's. While it is difficult to gauge just from looking at the stats, supports have a huge impact on the game, and thus I would conclude they can carry. However, they don't carry like carries do. Again, supports aren't carries. They shouldn't be judged by the same standards.   5. - Support isn't fun  I touched upon this in the previous point a bit, but I feel that nearly all supports have abilities that feel like they have a big impact, either by setting up kills for your team or preventing their team from killing yours. If you don't think support is fun, that is fine. You're allowed to not like certain roles within the game. I doubt there is anyone who can honestly say "I love every single role and I have trouble choosing which one to play every game I play". I personally don't like jungling. I get raged on, I get counterjungled, I botch ganks, I basically do everything wrong that a jungler could do wrong. I. Don't. Like. Jungling. Does that mean jungling isn't fun? Sort of. It isn't for me. Is it fun for other people? Yes it is.   I would like to point out that people who say "If you don't like support, you're doing it wrong" are usually right. However, it's okay to dislike a role, and I don't expect Riot to somehow make every role fun for everyone. People have different tastes, and so they like different things. Some people like to support, setting up kills, defending their carries, helping out in more subtle ways. Others like to be upfront and unkillable, so they play tanks. Still others like to see big numbers when they attack, so they play carries. It is all a matter of preference, and I don't see support as being the only role that is "not fun". I would say though, that supports (along with junglers) probably fulfill the most misunderstood role.     So. This turned out to be quite the essay, haha. I hope I didn't somehow lose my point somewhere in that huge wall of text. If you made it this far, congratulations and thank you for reading. I'm looking forward to your reply, because yours is an opinion many people share, and I would like to hear what kind of solutions you may have thought up for this problem.
0	The clubbing of seals was a campaign brought up by Greenpeace, as a "protest" against clubbing of baby seals in Canada (which I agree is disgusting and shouldn't be done). But this campaign has brought many misunderstandings and bad reputation to seal hunting in general (and had a huge negative impact on other countries where seal hunting takes place).   It has literally ruined the lives of seal hunters in Greenland. There's a marked for the meat within Greenland itself (since it's  so  delicious!), but a big part of the income came from the sealskin. Which for many years went pretty well... Until Greenpeace came along. Because of them, sealskin is pretty much unsellable in the rest of the world now. No one wants to by it, because of "the poor baby seals". But you know what? There isn't even any baby seals in Greenland! And in Greenland, the hunters kill the seals with rifles.   And to those people who is against it because "seals are so cute", are against hunting in general (whatever reason you might have for this) or you are misinformed and don't know a shit about it: Come on, they had a good long life. Think about the horrible treatment of pigs and chicken. Take care of that, and maybe then we can talk.   Oh, and don't get me started on whales!
0	I called my female colleague a cunt about five times today...
1	It was considered really bad until dominion came out. AP shaco is good in dominion because you can do JITB traps much easier. Then noobs thought : AP shaco is good in dominion, he has to be good in sf too.
0	As someone with seven years working exp as a ex barista  I can honestly say that I've never actually spit in someone's drink. But I have witness it and I have drop food on the floor and gave to a customer, also a shit load of coffee grounds from the starbuck bar and served urnex in coffee. But all those customers where assholes and got what they had coming.
1	Runes: standard caster setup, I prefer mana regen yellows and ap quints, but armor/movespeed can work too. Masteries: 21/0/9 usually.   I almost always take the death augment. Viktor is at his strongest by far during the midgame, and an early augment gives him a huge spike in power, especially if you're already ahead in lane. Afterward, just take standard caster items (dcap, athenes, etc). Abyssal in particular is a good pickup, since Viktor's got pretty short range for the most part. Rylais turns your ult into a giant slowing cloud.   Gravity field is an excellent zone-denial tool. Use it sort of like a trundle pillar, blocking escapes and choke points, or dropping it on your carry to help peel.   Viktor falls off late not because of item build (death augment is actually pretty slot-efficient), but because in large teamfights he needs to get into suicide range to do more than poke with laser.
0	I had a teacher who was extremely sensitive to something in body sprays. Although she didn't have signs posted, she had reminded the class on multiple occasions.   One day in the middle of a lecture the teacher starts getting really hoarse. One of the students tell her another student sprayed something in the class. Everyone turns to look at this girl thinking she had done it out of malicious intent. With a red face the student explained to the entire class that she'd farted and was trying to cover the smell with a body spray. She had completely forgotten about the teachers's sensitivity to body sprays. The teacher steps out for a couple of minutes and when she comes back in says she would rather have to smell any of our natural body odors than have another attack. No one forgot about her sensitivity to body sprays after that.
1	While this is mostly true, you can't just say that omg this dude only died 5 times, gotta pardon him, because it also depends on the length of the game. Also, 5 deaths can be intentional, not just 20. If you tried to draw a line at X deaths, people could still just die X times, and then afk/leave. (Happened to me.)   Riot made the tribunal for a reason. They can't go through all the cases, so you have to help them, their solution to the intentional/not intentional question was to involve the players in the decision making. You can't teach 13 million players to report/play correctly, it's just impossible.   It is the reporters and the "tribunaler's" duty to keep it real. Anyone who solves a case is paid by IP, but the people who report are not. I like it this way, because it at least does not encourage players to report all day. If every case was well justified, tribunal would be damn useless.
1	You can read what Riot representatives responded to this topic at number 7. here:   Basically, the IP is just a thank you, not a payment. If you're doing it for the reward, you're doing it for the wrong reasons. They are not backlogged anymore, and have more than enough people doing tribunal and most would probably do it with no reward.
1	You're thinking about ranked the wrong way. You don't need to "carry" every game, you just need to "outplay" the person playing your corresponding role. In the long run you'll gain elo if you're better than the people around you, because if you get people on your team who are "bad"/feed/dc etc, your opponents will have the same chance of getting it too (in fact, they might get a better chance of getting "worse" players, or someone who'll dc if you know you won't / know you're better than them).
0	As a server working for the minimum $2.13/hr, time-and-a-half ain't shit
1	We aren't saying he was balanced, we are saying the core gameplay of the character was changed. Before he was this hunter that had to wait and for the cc or the zonyahs to be down, you got to feel like the predator you exploited the weak. Now you are forced to lvl up an ability that might hit first, you no longer feel like you can wait to go in, now you are the one wanting to take the cc. You don't feel like a hunter that picks off weakened prey, you just feel like you jump in the fight to roar. And hope they are afraid of this lion that just got back from getting neutered.
1	Okay, so before everyone hops on the Teemo hype train, there are a couple reasons why Teemo was actually the absolute perfect pick in this situation. I'm going to preface this by saying that I don't think TSM drafted all that well to begin with, but they really fucked up with their 4th pick (Gragas).   The first 3 picks from both teams are kind of whatever. Vi, Thresh, Cait can indicate a lot of things, not necessarily a vision control siege composition. However, Annie, Lucian, Nunu pidgeonholes you a just a little bit. There's not a lot of engage there (Annie Tibbers is Flash dependant, so roughly every four and a half minutes), and Nunu really is not that great with Lucian. That mostly indicates siege, because it's not an innately strong teamfight composition. The problem came when they picked Gragas next.   Gragas gives them initiate and somewhat reliable poke. However, Nidalee was open and she is a much better siege champion than Gragas post barrel nerfs (1250 -> 950 range on barrel). Additionally, they had purple side. I haven't seen a top tier team pick mid anything other than last when they're on purple side because mid is so matchup dependent. Gragas actually allows a lot of champions to farm in between his ability to all in them.   So TSM all-inned for a (somewhat lame) siege composition that could have been better. Teemo was picked up here, along with Renekton, and I'll get to why that's important after lambasting the Nasus pickup.   So TSM picked Nasus, which is fine when you consider that Nasus actually does all right against Renekton after a certain point. The problem is that Nasus wants to split push and get huge amounts of stacks, and he can't ever do that against Teemo. Teemo can shroom his jungle and the sides of his lane, and C9 will constantly have vision on Nasus before he can get to his targeted splitpushing lane. On top of that, I'm not actually sure how well Nasus fares against Teemo in a 1v1 situation, because it seems to me like he'd get poked down pretty hard before he could close the gap and eventually die.   Nasus also doesn't actually give them any more siege potential besides hitting turrets really hard, but against Vi and Thresh it's a lot more likely he'll get hooked, punched, and killed before actually being able to do anything to a tower. Unless he's split pushing which has already effectively been countered.   On top that, Teemo actually nullifies two other really important aspects of TSM's team composition. First of all, Nunu can't counterjungle after the 5 or 6 minute mark once Teemo hits 6. Teemo just shrooms up the entrances to the jungle, and then Nunu has to run away every time he runs over one. Second of all, Gragas can't roam (which he excels at and should probably have done) against Teemo because he'll run over a shroom and they'll have instant vision of him and be able to react accordingly.   So with one champion pickup (Teemo) they essentially foiled two and a half (really not sure how big a deal not roaming was, kinda nice but not necessary in TSM's comp) of the core elements to TSM's team. On top of that, TSM is an objective focused team. Interestingly enough, Teemo automatically wins any vision control battle.   Not that TSM didn't have a chance, their teamfight was much better than C9's. Teemo is still a horrendous teamfighting champion, C9 did a really good job of avoiding fights. TSM just did not push their kill advantage at all. The dragon steal at the second dragon really hurt as well, and Nasus was behind the whole game because of the bad tower trade at 5 minutes.   I think that Teemo shrooms are actually stupid on this patch, and deserve to be nerfed in terms of duration.
0	This. Also, you need to be in complete agreement on the Big Five:   (1) Money  -- the biggest destroyer of marriages.  source . And you need to work all this stuff out  before  you get married, preferably even before you're engaged. Make a budget. Agree to stick to it. Decide well before the marriage how the bank accounts will be set up (joint? separate? joint with separate?), who will pay what bills, who will be responsible for what expenditures. You also need to establish an unbreakable, uncompromising set of rules for how the money will be spent and how the family will decide on big purchases. If the rules are broken, even the tiniest bit (which will happen with her during the planning for the wedding and him whenever a new XBox comes out), it's time for a serious conversation.   (2) Kids  -- it seems like everyone has them, but some people don't want them. Me? I'm on the fence. On one hand I think I'd be a great dad and I'd love to raise children in a safe, loving environment where they could reach their full potential. On the other hand, I'm scared I'll screw it up and I'm still too selfish to want to sink my entire paycheck into another human being's survival. The bottom line is: I don't want children right now, and I don't know if I'd ever want children in the future. Unlike most men I know,  I tell every girl I'm dating this information.  Some completely agree, some stay with me for a while, some stay with me for less than that, and some end it on the spot.  You need to have complete agreement on (a) whether the both of you want children, and (b) how many  before  you get married.  A disagreement here could sink your marriage. Either she resents you because you don't want kids and you made her force the decision on you, or you resent her because you don't want kids and she forced it on you. Either way, the kids suffer. One parent ends up picking up all the slack and the other secretly downs scotch at the bar across the street from work because the idea of going home to screaming children makes him want to put a gun in his mouth.   (3) Sex  -- you need to be physically attracted to the person you are with. Don't settle. And the two of you need to have sexual chemistry. You don't have to be the best he's ever had, but the two of you have to be congruent. If you're into the normal, typical, three-positions-and-we're-done routine, it's probably not going to be a good idea to get married to someone who likes orgies, extreme BDSM, or is a scat fetishist. You'll be depriving them of something they physically need, and if you can't provide them with it, they'll look outside of the marriage to obtain it. I don't care how religious or how moral the both of you are. Sex is the primal drive of our species; it drives everything. For the men--cuddle after sex (some women find that as important/if not more important than the act itself), use that time to pillow talk and become more emotionally intimate with your wife/gf, and back off on asking for sex all the time. For the women--initiate sex every once in a while (makes a man feel wanted and desired), NEVER use sex as a weapon to get what you want, and always make your man feel like he's the only lover you could ever want. For the both of you-- communicate.  Tell your partner what you like and what you don't like, and don't be shy about it. The bedroom is a special place for a marriage, so let yourself go.   (4) Religion --preferably, the two of you share the same religious beliefs (or lack thereof). If you're an atheist and she's a born-again Christian, that marriage will end in disaster. If you're agnostic (but raised in a traditional Judeo-Christian family) and she's a Buddhist, you need to evaluate whether you're okay with the fact that: (a) your children will be raised according to Buddhist ideology, (b) you will not have a Christmas tree in your home, (c) you will have to explain to your children why Santa Claus doesn't come visit them but he visits all the other kids, etc. I can come up with other examples for agnostics dating people of any faith (Hinduism, Judaism, Muslim, etc.). NOTE: I also used the fact that she will raise the children in her faith because  that's what's going to happen.  The faith of the children is decided by the mother 99% of the time, and, the other 1% of the time, the mother's mother decides it. You, as a man, will have no choice in the matter.   (5) Family  -- you don't have to love his in-laws as much as you love your own parents (assuming that you do), but you do have to look out for certain issues that may pop up, based upon family history and genetics. For example, I have a strong genetic predisposition to diabetes and almost every cancer imaginable. My GF needs to know that  before I put a ring on it  because there is a chance that I may die young. Alcoholism is genetic, as is Alzheimer's. I'm not saying you shouldn't marry someone because there is a chance, down the road, that they might develop dementia. But what I am saying is, you need to look at that and think to yourself,  if this person is completely incapacitated and I have to be the only person who takes care of them, would I be willing to do it?  If your answer is a resounding yes, then you know you've found someone special. If your answer is no or meh, then you should move on. Also, remember the age old adage: women marry their fathers and men marry their mothers. If he's got a mom who caters to his every whim, what kind of wife do you think he is looking for? If she's got a dad who spoils her rotten and gives her everything she wants without her having to ask twice, what kind of husband do you think she is waiting for?
0	Agree.. you'll soon learn the anger will never fade.. it'll just fester, and grow, slowly in the bottomless pit of your stomach.. Sure the sex is good now and you feel good, but as that pit grows, the sex won't be enough to satisfy you... before you know it, you'll have some much built up resentment and anger, that when she asks you if want chicken for dinner, you'll explode.. and get no chicken, or sex.. (and you'll feel worse about not getting the chicken than not getting sex)   Another side effect will be when she's angry with something you did, you won't be able to apologize or make it up because you feel that just like you can "forget" she should too.. which directly leads to less sex, and chicken...   Also, if you tell her you're angry, you'll most likely get her to give you the guilty BJ, which is infinitely more pleasurable than the angry resentful sex.
0	I have some friends that for the longest time have tried to conceive, with no luck. They have 3 dogs,  and those dogs are treated with more care and kindness than some of the kids I see around my city. My friends couldn't be more deserving of children, but it just won't happen. My female friend posts thing about being a pet parent and I believe that they are. Maybe it's silly, but at this point they have spent tens of thousands of dollars trying to resolve their fertility issues and I just think they want a sense of normalcy.
0	Hey man, I am not saying that all violence is unacceptable. However I do work with groups aimed at ensuring different methods of conflict resolution before resorting to violence. If you cause bodily harm to someone and they are medically affected (in this case to the tune of thousands of dollars, a buddy lost his front teeth and it's not cheap) then you have done something wrong. While you may not be the "bad guy", you have done a bad thing that should be solved with restitution. This story could be false and just used for karma or whatnot, but if it is real I would advise seeking resolution and a way to healthily work stuff out with you cousin (and extended family). I recognize this has been ongoing and I certainly sympathize with your pain, but causing pain for others and by proxy causing problems in your family is not the optimal or even a good way to solve your concerns. Even if this was the best solution you could ask for and the situation is no such that you will no longer be bullied, I would advise against taking pride in hurting someone else and then announcing your actions via internet meme. It's not bueno to feel justified and look for approval from others when you resort to hurting someone.   That which is necessary is not always profitable or worthy of praise.
0	I always tell the truth in interviews. It's hard to fake knowing how to program competently, and it's even harder to fake knowledge of software development.   For example; "Write a loop that prints out the Fibonacci sequence in pseudo-code" should throw off 99% of liars, and the remaining 1% can be filtered by changing "Psuedo-code" to "a programming language of your choice".
0	As a Black man, I couldn't disagree with you more if I tried. Were your raised in a well off neighborhood? Because the first 16 years of my life, I wasn't. I lived in the hood. Do you know how hard I had to work when I transferred to my mostly white high school? I had so much catching up to do. Did you have to worry about how food was going to get on the table? Did you work as a student? Did your family struggle to keep a home?   For you, these things may be surreal or seem like it's just a generalization.  [Statistics to show you how different our opportunities and environmental situations can differ from Whites](   Now I'm not saying don't hire more qualified whites, but to make it seem like we stand on equal ground and have the same chances at life is ridiculous. The hood is stereotyped for having more ethnic groups than White in it for a reason. As a race we do not grow up with the same economic nor social resources as Whites. It's fact.   Edit:
1	I've gone from silver to plat with Thresh main holla. But supports should be at his level and many I find compete at my level.   Not trying to sound douchey but I get call "thresh god" a decent amount and I find many blitz, Leona, lulu, Annie and Janna to be competitive if they know what they are doing. I just think its a secondary role for them and many Threshs main it cus his kit is so fun and are better because of it.   I SEE A LOT of shitty Threshs if I don't get him though
0	Paying an employee more will help them realize their life goals. I absolutely have to disagree with you. If my boss didn't give me raises at a steady pace I will never be able to buy a house, have kids, or realize any of my life goals.
1	I am typing this while watching your stream so it might be a bit messy.   Oh holy fuck 10 fps, my eyes are bleeding from watching your stream for a minute. It seems either your computer is made of wood or you are streaming at too high resolution (possibly both) in which case I recommend YOU DO NOT DO THAT!   It seems your team is carrying you at the moment (didn't see the first half of the game so can't be sure what made you die 5 TIMES ON FUCKING UDYR!)   Also you killed, what, 3 dudes on the other team, got Nashor and simply dicked around doing nothing until the enemies respawned AND KILLED YOU! You should push the lanes and/or go back and buy if you are low on health.   I see everyone (including you) missing a fuckton of farm all the time, huge minion waves simply dicking around since there's no one to kill them.   I realize my post is a bit (a lot) offensive but I'm too lazy to edit it.
0	Its the part where he paid the whole tab, and 100% tip, then his
0	I'd probably feel uncomfortable too. It's hard not to identify with characters that are similar to you.  Obviously I'm not a slave owner, but I  am  an educated white person who was born into the middle class.  There's a lot of privilege that comes with that, and while I don't own a plantation, there's a good chance that people in other countries have slaved to produce the clothing I wear and the electronic gadgets I use.   Then, I get to thinking about what other people are thinking.  If they're all cheering the slave on, they must be identifying with the slave, not his owner.  Morally, they're in the right and I am in the wrong, and this makes my uncomfortable.   Later on, I may try and justify it by saying that morality is subjective, a social construct, but by that logic, there was nothing immoral about slavery to begin with.  It's not an easy question.  In the end, I guess I have to accept that no matte how I attempt to deconstruct the argument in my favour, I am racist, or at least  classist .  What I believe, what I do, and what I feel are three different concepts, and while I may believe racism is bad and may actively attempt to avoid acting in racist ways, it doesn't stop me from having racist sentiments.
1	To all the people doubting Fakers mouse DPI is 800, please be aware of the hardware he uses and his other sensitivity settings. Actually, lower DPI settings are often more preferable to professional players, particularly in the counter strike scene. The reasoning behind this is to give you more margin for error when you make quick mouse movements. When you have low sensitivity, overshooting your aim will have less of an impact than if you are at high sensitivity, where you will end up missing them by a large margin. In Counter Strike, pros aim to have 1:1 movement with their mouse to the screen (ever wondered why they have massive mousepads?). Obviously League is a different game, but the principle of reducing the effects of quick jerky movements with your mouse to make them more smooth is the same. Also, 800 DPI is considered very high, many players run their sensitivity far below that. Sorry for any misspellings/grammar/trash formatting, I'm on my phone. Just wanted to help give some clarity on what seems to be a common query in this thread.
1	Being bored with the game. I've been playing since closed beta and have taken short breaks. This game has caused stress and helped re leave stress. I've moved to three continents, played on three servers and met many real life friends from this game. I currently live in Korea and play on the KR and NA server but I've played around 500 games on the EUW server. Sometimes I realize I've put a lot of time into this game and then I realize that it's gotten my through some rough patches with family deaths and social anxiety due to culture changes.
0	Doesn't sound so bad when you put it that way, but let's take a closer look at the best friend.   How many girlfriends has he had? How has he treated them? Does he have a history of infidelity? Does he have diseases? Has he been divorced? Does he have a kid?  Does he talk openly about his sexual  conquests? How many women has he fucked? Has he paid for sex? Can he afford a family? Does he have a history of chemical  dependence? Does he have a history of mental or  emotional instability?   Do any of these criteria disqualify him from being your best friend? Nope, not really. Personally, mine's got over 100 notches on his bedpost. Right on bro! We've gotten wasted together more times than I can count. We've bragged about slams, and about notable feats. We've consulted each other on the most tactful ways to break off a relationship. I was the first person he told when he got his last girlfriend pregnant. I was the fist person he visited on a road trip with his fianc and beautiful baby girl. I was the first person he talked to when he found out his fianc was cheating. He took his ring back, they split custody. He explored backpages, filled me in on how it works. He saw other people and made new friends to get drunk with. He called when he got a promotion. He bought a house. He came to visit again, no kid, no fianc. We threw a party, he snuck off with my little sister and took her virginity. They began a long distance relationship. She went to visit and found he had been seeing other women. He was my best friend for 11 years.
0	Happy cake day.   Here's a random thought I am having. I'm not sure if I believe it, but I'm gonna just put it out here...   I think it may be a little bit of BS to tell people that have to be happy with themselves they way they are physically. They tell you "be a different person if your hurting inside". I think therapy and other means of self improvement are acceptable because humans have always had the power to change certain physiological aspects about the self with hard work, but since we where slaves to our physical selfs, the only way to obtain happiness would be to accept ourselves.   Now that we live in a world where we can change aspects about out physical selves, why shouldn't we? As long as you keep it in check with reality. 500 plastic surgeries will make you look like a monster, we've all seen it taken too far. But why not a nose job, why not fix a chin, or even out wonky boobs?   I guess I'm arguing for a society where we believe "I don't care as long as your happy". I think taking medication for ADHD and cosmetic surgery are similar. They are both acceptable to me. ideally we shouldn't have to do anything to change ourselves to be happy, but in reality it's not that easy.   Now is there anything wrong with taking the easy way out? As a mathematician, I believe in being as lazy as possible. If I'm lazy on the basic stuff, i have more time and energy for important stuff. Besides trying to find the easiest and laziest way to get a result tends to result in a greater success.
0	Although effective obesity prevention leads to a decrease in costs of obesity-related diseases, this decrease is offset by cost increases due to diseases unrelated to obesity in life-years gained. Obesity prevention may be an important and cost-effective way of improving public health, but it is not a cure for increasing health expenditures.   [Source](   Forbes ran an article basically saying the opposite of what the forbes article you posted says.   EDIT: [More Source](
1	The jungler is not a "bitch", the jungler is the game changer.   Many of the top players agree that playing a jungler  is the best way to raise your solo queue ELO. In a premade, your team will defend you at level 1 without a second thought, making it even easier.   You can help top, mid, and bottom, steal buffs, get dragon, and do awesome ganks. Instead of playing a weak late-game character like Nunu, try someone like Olaf. He is strong all game and can 1v1 almost any other jungler (except trundle) and his axe is a big fuck you to squishes. When you have blue and red, and you learn to PICK UP YOUR AXE after you throw it, your ganks will be incredible due to the high dps from repeated axe throws. Get wriggles, mercs, then tank items and you're good to go. R>Q>E>W with one point in W at level 2 for the 1% max health lifesteal.
1	Wow I never knew Morde did more damage to isolated targets with one of his abilities.
1	The role doesn't really matter... If you are far superioir to your enemies you Will carry the game... Imyself onlybplay ad on my main, but I can carry low elo(under 1.5k) with about 90% win ratio, and having some 70-80% wins until 1.9k elo. (based on elos before the soft reset)   Just play that one role you are superior on, my roles other than sd carry I can easily carry until 1.8k but not above that since I suck on them D:
0	I remember being asked this in an interview once and I told them the salary that I was looking for (which was a little on the higher side than average) and when asked why, I said "I feel that this is a good rate that is relative to how much I've invested in myself to prepare for this career, however I also understand that the company wasn't founded to give me a job either, so I can appreciate anything around that to make it mutually valuable for both of us."   Not only did I get the job, I actually got a little more than I asked for.
1	When I was in Silver and Gold I would try and win my lane as much as possible. If you play consistently well then you will climb. You will have some games that are unwinnable but in the long run it should all work out. I would try and take control of the game when I played. Telling people what to do and such (be as nice as possible not obviously telling someone what to do...you know what i mean). For objective control is kind of a gut instinct or knowing when you will win a fight and when it is smart to do it minimize the risk, raise the reward. I have a lot more advice but alas i dont want to give everyone an essay in the comment section. Message me if you want more advice the biggest thing is wanting to improve. BTW I'm D1 atm :) Best of Luck
1	Did you actually read what I wrote in context or did you just skim my post for the first phrase that finally allows you to enter the history books as a certified smartass?   But I'm a nice guy, so here's your personal
0	As a student studying to be a teacher I get disheartened by comments like these.   Threads like this end up showcasing the worst that those in the teaching profession have done. There are many stories out there where teachers have inspired students to go beyond what they thought was possible. Threads like this do not show them.   Without the teachers I have had in the past it is very likely I would not be in college right now.   While it is great that you have the ability to homeschool your children not everyone can afford to do so for their children. I do not wish to speak ill of homeschooling I have had many people in my college classes that were more than capable people -- honestly they were probably more disciplined than me in my studies -- and were some of the most pleasant to be around.
1	I am currently diamond 5 and you can't expect to be god-like at a new position.  Back when I was silver/gold, I expected to win every game and thought I had a major factor in every game which wasn't the case.  My knowledge of the game at that point was not the greatest, for example, builds, when to exchange, etc. so i watched streams to improve in that aspect.  Next is my mechanics (positioning, last hitting, orb walking and etc) I just played a lot, and learn from mistakes with a cool and calm head.  I stopped blaming the team and learned take responsibility for my bonehead plays.  And as hard as it sounds, LoL is a team game, so you have to have some faith in your teammates.  You are as good as your team is my philosophy :D   Even pros have losing streaks.  Have the thought that you can't win every game.  Set goals to each day to help improve   As for the raging part, I'm no psychology major or have the quantification in that department but what I do now, is I try to keep a level head before and during each game.  Also I keep a tennis ball to help cope with my anger if i do get angry at the game :D   dont give up op tho, it only gets better :D
1	This is so true! I started season 3 with an awful start(spammed corki cause he was fun). I wasn't realizing hoe hard it would be to climb out when the divisions etc. came to play. So i was in bronze 5 and started to look at my own plays instead of others and stop blaming and all. Eventually by playing one champion and getting good at that champion, i started to affect every single game positively. While i started climbing the ladder i made sure i kept the same mindset and not react on ragers/AFKers etc. By the end of season 3 i was gold 1 with 94 points(couldn't play enough the last day...) and i realized i achieved all this MYSELF!
1	If you were Dia 2 last season, you should be able to carry gold games on your own with only one hand playing. Since MMR is that matters and not the division/tier you are in, you will gain more LP then the average in your division. So it should only take you a couple of games to get atleast to platin.
1	That's a pretty good
0	You seem to assume that anything that can be done using a dictionary is automatically done quickly and/or easily. This is not the case. I've shown you the math for this, but you've disregarded it. Please read what I typed again. Slowly, this time.   I'm comparing a) random letters in a password to b) passwords made up of one or more words.   The examples of b) passwords made up of words, assume that you're  only  checking actual words, hence a "dictionary attack".   If you're doing a dictionary attack, and your dictionary contains 10 thousand words, you'll need to try an average of 5K times before you find the word. This is of course, assuming the word is in there. This is indeed doable, and relatively quick.   If you combine 4 words, which are guaranteed to be in the dictionary you use to attack, you'll still need a maximum of 10,000,000,000,000,000 tries. See how that scales up? Furthermore, that is  not  considering variations or typos. If you make one deliberate typo in one of those words, you'll be trying that many times and  not finding  the password.   Edit:
0	Holy shit!   When I was in HS, my little sister (who never plays videogames btw) got a black xbox 360 brand new while I had my slightly-after-launch 360.  Instead of my sister getting my old 360 and me getting the new one that I would actually USE, my sister got the new one.   Well fast forward a couple weeks and I see the convenience in having access to 2 different xbox's in 2 different places, so I switch out the hardrive to play whatever I was going to play and switch it back to hers when I am done, using the wrong technique.   My sister goes to play something and her data won't load and EVERYONE assumes that my hard drive gave her hard drive a virus.  A virus.  On an xbox.  A virus.  Does that exist?  Well it sure as shit didn't in this case, as I was trying to convince everyone.  Eventually they figured out that I had installed her hard drive the wrong way where the hard drive didn't actually connect to the xbox.
0	Ok, story time.   So my first summer out of High School (Summer 2003) I worked as a dock hand at the Flaming Gorge Resevoir. I was 17 at the time and was very shy and awkward.  I've seen my share of nudey magazines at this point, but I had never seen an  actual  pair of breasts.  On the night of the 4th of July, this all changed.   That night my supervisor was throwing a party and a lot of people were there.  He had invited a girl friend out of town, and that friend also brought a friend who happened to be 21 and a mortician.  As the night was going on, I ended up in a conversation with her on my bosses front porch.  It was going well, and in the back of my mind I'm thinking, "Would I really stand a chance with hooking up with this girl?"  That thought was quickly put to rest as I realized I had only once held a girl's hand and had never even kissed a girl.   As we sat there and talked about her job, another random girl from the party came out to the front porch to ask my coworker and myself if she could use one of our bathrooms because someone was puking in one bathroom and another person had occupied the other in the home we were at.  As employees, we had a few run down single-wide trailer homes as housing that we shared.  My coworker was the first to chime in and said she could use the bathroom at his place which was just next door.  The mortician said she needed to the bathroom, and since we were in mid conversation I decided to tag along.   So the four of us walked over to my coworkers place and as we're about to go in he stops and turns to the girls, "I should probably tell you before we go in, we have a few naked pictures of girls on the wall."   The girls said, "Nothing we haven't ever seen before, whatever."   Now keep in mind, I was the only one in this group that was sober.  The rest have had a few, and my coworker had quite a bit.   So we walk into the trailer and that was probably the greatest understatement in my life to this point.  They had nearly wallpapered their living room with centerfolds.  There was barely a bare spot on the wall.  So the random girl goes to use the bathroom first and the remaining three of us sat on the three separate couches away from each other.  We sat there in silence until my drunk coworker noticed the mortician was staring at all of these pictures up on the wall.   He said, "So.  Which one do you like the most?"   I was stunned.   How could he be so stupid?  What's he trying to do here?  If I ever had a chance, there isn't now.  Way to ruin the mood you moron.   She said, "Hmmmm. I like the one in the black.  I like the look on her face with the bustier and garters."   I don't know what's going on.   Why is she not offended?  How is this happening?   And then to my astonishment, my coworker asks, "Which pair of boobs look most like yours?"   What the the hell you idiot?!   She pauses a moment to look around and scans the pictures, "None of them."   Coworker says, "Why's that?"   "Well, because mine are pierced and none of these women have their nipples pierced."   Without missing a beat my coworker asks, "Can we see them?"   "Sure."  And she leans back on the couch and lifts up her shirt.   Boobs.   My mind is racing at this point and my jaw is nearly on the floor.  It's taking everything I've got to keep it together.  Pierced nipples, holy crap!  Meanwhile they're carrying on a conversation about pierced nipples and I'm picking up only bits and pieces because I'm trying not freak out.  The entire time she's playing with her breasts. "....Desensitized?  ...painful?  ...catch on clothes?  ...real better than fake?"   At this point I felt I had some foothold of an opinion.  "Yeah, real are way better than fake."   Now, my coworker knew me well enough to realize I had no idea what I was talking about. "Whatever, you've never seen or felt a pair of boobs in your life."   I felt about  this  small.  I was caught, he was right.  No way to get out of it now.   The mortician says, "Is that true?  You've never seen a pair of boobs at all?"   Sheepishly I said, "Yes...."   She then said, "Well, do you want to feel mine?" She said it almost as if she was performing a public service, like helping a old lady cross the street in busy traffic.   I panic. I've never prepared for this moment.  "Umm, no, I'm... uh... I'm good. Thanks though."   What the hell did I just say?   "Are you sure?"   "Yes."   What?!   At this point the random girl comes out of the bathroom and sees this girl with her shirt up and she's confused, "What's going on?"   Cue my coworker, "Oh, were comparing breast sizes. It's your turn."   "Oh, Okay." And the random girl lifts up her shirt.   My second first pair of breast in the same night.  I don't know what world I'm in at this point.  I can't believe this is happening.  Even now as I type this I kind of wonder if it was all just a dream because it seemed so ridiculous.   The mortician went to the bathroom and that was it.  I know we went back to the party but I honestly can't remember what had happened beyond that.  My mind was reeling.  They were both good looking girls.  Strangely enough, the mortician gave me her brass zippo that she had for few years and it was always reliable.  She gave it to me as a memento and taught me the trick to open it with the snap of the finger.  Crazy night.
1	CLG derived their 3 TP + Promote strategy from Korea, didn't they? It was a different take on the split push and objective control strategy that Korea is so known for, but it also strayed from the Doublelift Protection strat that they're so known for; it was also deemed too much cheese. I think that it gave them ideas but CLG simply isn't the type of team to overtake lanes individually. Their primary focus is teamfighting.   Dignitas, on the other hand.. it may have helped their game knowledge but I don't think they really follow the Korean meta? I'm not a huge Dig follower so sorry if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure that Scarra's only Korean champs are Diana and Kayle. Kiwikid has a tiny champion pool due to being relatively new to top; he is not a bad player but I don't think he's found his niche playstyle yet. Crumbzz is.. idk I feel like Crumbzz is struggling a little. And their bot lane.. Qtpie and Patoy are really good, but apparently Regi thinks that Qtpie throws games a lot.   IMO EU teams adapt a lot better. They don't just play what the Koreans play, they adapt Korean strategies to their own. While NA teams do that, I think they still need more time to adjust.
1	If you want to break it up to be easier to read:     Hi, this is one my first times posting on reddit so please don't be to harsh. I'm very interested in league of legends game theory, not only playing but thinking about what's OP what's UP and what needs balance changes...I think a lot of us can agree that since the latest major patch there have been some issues that need to be fixed, I'm not saying I know how to fix the game I'm just giving my input and would like to see what everyone else has to think of it.   TOP LANE   First we will start with top lane, now we all know of the nature of top lane before the patch, it was essentially a very snowbally lane and this made for toxic gameplay. What I mean for those who don't know if a jungle ganked top early, and I mean a level 2 gank and got a kill off, or even burned a flash if the player is skilled they will snowball off of any advantage and the lane would be ruined for either top side for basically the rest of the laning phase. Riot tried to fix this by introducing flask the flash+wards+mass pot start insured that both sides would be safe and would be able to safely cs so that each player had the chance to get some cs, shop, and once one side got ganked the lane wouldn't completely be over. The problem is that top lane has essentially become a super safe farm off considering that a good top playing will always have his lane warded. I think to fix this issue is to make flask 325 gold and also give a ward that last for 1 minute 30 seconds this would give the option of either going flask + the ward given from it and either by a second ward to play extra safe or get more pots, nevertheless it would make the lane more interesting with more options and it wouldn't be as difficult to gank early with the ward from flash being less effective. Also I think that flask is a bit OP atm and needs a slight nerf and I feel this would be a decent change.   JUNGLE   Now let's move on to the jungle, the new jungle is meant to be able to support every type of jungle control jungles, carry jungles, support jungles. It gives the support jungles such as maokai and amumu the ability to scale with jungle control with the sightstone item, buffs will always be valuable early so control jungles like shyv and nunu can always be decent, but the biggest problem in-lies with carry jungles such as nocturne or gangplank the main point of the new jungle is that it should be treated like another lane, if you pick a carry jungle you should be able to sit back and farm the jungle for 25 minutes, and come out with enough gold for items to carry. It's quite simple I think the jungle creeps just need to give more gold, however this is a problem, the game shouldn't be a farm off till late game. The game needs to be active early however all lanes start with wards and good players will always have wards and normally know where the jungle is. So it comes down to all 3 jungle types need to be viable, control jungles will always be viable, the only reason they arn't seen that much is because these type of jungles do a lot of invading and are better suited off for arranged play not solo q play, support jungles got nerfed because they thrived off of early ganks and gp5, in season 2 if a maokai got an early gank off, backed and got philo and hog, if he doesn't throw his advantage he can win the game himself....this means that it is now harder to get these early kills that snowball them, as with carries the main goal for carry jungles is rush 6, get a couple items and when you gank it needs to be more coordinated, and it's much harder to 'carry' as the new role intends. What I think could fix the issue is to simply make jungle camps give more gold early, the first to second clear needs to give more gold. Last season a jungle or both would get an early kill and it would set them up for the rest of the game. It is clear riot doesn't want there to be early ganks on mid or top(before 5 minutes roughly) so let's assume that everyone is good and wards there lane and no ganks are gotten off by the jungle that they will be jungle farming the first few minutes if they gain more gold early they can choose a path easier, either a more jungle oriented path i.e., wriggles or spirit stone, or go straight into better carry items, phage, shiv, brutilizer, or for more tanky diving heroes, giants belt, glacial shorud, this would give more options to either clear the jungle faster or 'making plays items' you could call it.   MID LANE   As for mid, particually AP mids I honestly think it's simple AP mids dont scale hardly as good as they used to most AP items cost less gold but gives less stats so at the end of the day all this means is that APs are worse at 6 item, I just think buffing deathcap, morellos, would help a lot, also I think dorans ring needs a buff I think that it should be an item purely for laning meaning if you put 475 gold into this item you should if played evenly with your opponent when lane if they are rushing something more for mid game, like deathcap or haunting guise I think a good buff would give dorans ring back to 100 HP and double the mana regain if you kill a minion but make the item unique. This would also give mids more items to go for meant for laning, with the morellos nerf and dorans ring not being very good atm imo at least I think the only real start for laning specifically is going rod, however now a lot of people are just rushing mid game builds for example deathcap haunting guise sorc shoes. Hardly anyone anymore will go a couple dorans or get hextech because it has been obvious that if you want to be viable as an AP mid you need to get yourself out of laning and be able to be a threat in team fights.   AD CARRY   ADC we can all agree ADC was kinda OP with 6 items, however that is exactly how they are supposed to be, you should be shitting your pants if you see a 6 item ADC, also you must remember you also have an ADC and as a team you should recognize that your goal is to make your ADC as scary as theirs will be. AD got nerfed and although they have different starting paths I believe it can still be worked on a bit. We will start with dorans blade, if as an adc you buy dorans blade you should be making a clear statement that you are trying to win lane. I think the same thing should be done as I do with dorans ring, increase the HP make the passive 10 hp a hit, but make it unique. Although 10 hp a hit sounds good, it's supposed to be good if you are willing to put 475 gold into a laning item it should exceed in lane, also that is 475 gold late on a bloodthirster, an IE, a shiv which could make a huge difference. So that's my first change, second change I think is that the attack speed nerf eccspecially to PD needs to be reverted, attack speed is needed to make carries scary at 6 item, PD needs to give more attack speed more move speed and the ignore unti collision needs to be on shiv, PD is for late game and move speed and attack speed are so helpful on a 6 item adc, shiv is more of a laning item imo and the ignore minion collision would be better on a laning item. As for that late game, GA gives less defence, and there is less lifesteal, even though BT only gives 2 % less now that might not sound like a big deal however it is considering ADs are slightly worse and those that beat them which is assiassians and bruisers got buffed it makes the adc issue worse.
0	I had an awful Spanish teacher that used to do this when kids weren't paying attention. She would force them to get up and teach the class and then criticize and mock them as they mispronounced the words if they tried. Funny thing was she wasn't a native speaker and often mispronounced words.   My parents are from a Spanish speaking country but I don't look Spanish. So one day  I'm making fun drawings in my notebook and she forces me up to the class. I start reading through the Spanish lesson with ease and perfect pronunciation.   I get to one particular word carrot or "zanahoria". She is already annoyed that this punishment isn't getting to me and corrects me pronouncing it with a distinct "H" sound in the middle. I look at her and say "Anyone that knows Spanish knows the H is silent..." (I was a dick as a kid). So the kids all make that "ohhh" noise when someone gets dissed and she forces me to the office.   My parents had to come in for a conference and she tells them the story and my Mom is like "Well, she was right..." the teacher tells my mother that "School is not about what is right it is about learning to listen to what the teacher teaches".
1	Don't worry, this guy has no idea about the true meaning of elo hell. 32 ranked games. Yeah okay. I'm at 186 wins 184 losses. My gameplay, I will say, is super rarely poor. My team feeds incessantly, and claims to not care about the game. I got banned for "raging" recently, at these said shitty teammates. I'm done. I really want to quit this game. I'm going to level a smurf, and hope to use my placement matches to my advantage. I've spent way too much money on this game, but I still want to quit. Also, it REALLY bothers me, that as someone with almost 200 ranked wins, I still get matched with people with 0. This blows my fucking mind. So unfair   N
1	I think a lot of people aren't suggesting the best counter pick. Ryze is very good against renekton in lane because he can completely nullify all-ins by using his rune prison. Not only that but he can also consistently poke renekton down after getting tear. The only true threat a Renekton poses to a Ryze is the fact that he can set up really good ganks on Ryze since he has a gap closer and stun and Ryze can only use his rune prison on one person. Eventually as the game goes on, if you are playing Ryze and you manage to make it to late game, regardless of winning lane or not, you will be much more useful than him since you can wipe out his team and provide a good frontline while all he does is soak damage.   If you are not confident in being able to play the Ryze vs. Renekton matchup I would suggest picking people who can go relatively even in lane while still being able to have good impacts in the game. Champions such as Shyvana, Lee Sin, Munco and Trundle are usually able to lane vs a Renekton without giving up free kills or being massively outfarmed and pretty much all of them are more useful in the later parts of the game as well (Lee is more or less dependant on your mechanics with him).   I used to main renekton but I really think he just falls off too hard compared to the really good late game tanks and bruisers and this is what you usually want to use to your advantage.
0	Women annoy me with the whole keeping guys as friends and acting oblivious to this fact. I tried to explain to my fiance that guys have girls in 3 buckets.. 1) girls they want to bang .. 2) girls they want to bang and date ..3) girls they would never bang   girls in bucket #3 typically aren't very attractive or are by society's standards attractive but have done something to cause the guy to lose sexual attraction to ie) he witnessed her shit on her hands or something   so unless you are ugly or have done something disgusting infront of your "guy friend" you are in either bucket 1) or bucket 2) either way if given the chance he would bang you..   any guy that says he genuinely has a girl as a friend that isn't ugly and he hasn't considered having sex with her or would turn it down is either gay.. or gay   nice guys wait their turn for buckets 1 & 2.. assholes push their way into buckets 1 & 2 and all guys have girls in bucket 3 that could potentially shift over to bucket 1.. by being heavily intoxicated   we are males.. we are designed to have sexy times yes.. so keep in mind ladies.. if you are single and you aren't ugly.. and you have a guy friend.. try and figure out if you are bucket 1 or bucket 2.. and if you are bucket 2.. and he is a nice guy.. do him a favor and help him out of the friendzone
1	It's a good idea, however this is never going to happen.   The problem with this idea is that it automates a certain process related to the game, namely the lane calling. By automating it, you gain an unfair advantage. Even if I were to introduce a delay, it would still not be allowed by Riot. Besides, I honestly think it's unethical to let people call a lane instantly using an app.
0	THIS IS NOT ALWAYS TRUE.  SOURCE: JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE WITH MY BANK.   This isn't always true, because the fact of the matter is when you pay a bill with a debit card it is paid as a written check - hence not covered by overdraft protection/ blocking. I realised this after being hit with 2 $35 overdraft fees. I didn't argue it, because it honestly makes sense.
1	You're gonna have to use the block option when people start flaming or raging (they're going to be forced to cooperate with you anyway, especially since they want to win).  Flaming happens in a lot of Online PvP games and not just the MOBA genre. Most of the time, the ugly side of humankind shows up on the internet, you should know that by now.   Learn the game for yourself. Only purchase champions you've tried during free rotations and have enjoyed playing. Try all of them! If there's a champion you like, learn the hell out of him/her/it until you can handle any match-up. Do research. By the time you have a few hundred games under your belt, you'll have enough runes to last you and a champion pool that you're satisfied with. As for runes... well, when I started out, I stuck to Tier 1 runes until level 30.
0	There's a difference between voting for someone with a disability because you feel badly for him or and and voting because you understand how happy it would make him or her, and that they deserve it. For instance, in my high school we had a kid with some type of autism. He was very shy, very quiet, but always extremely polite and nice to everyone he would talk to. I honestly couldn't tell you a single bad thing about him. Every year during homecoming week, we would have building session's at someone's house for our float, and this kid showed up to every single building session, every single planning meeting, every fundraiser, and always did anything he could to help or was asked to do. He didn't do it because it would make people like him, or because it was fun, but in his mind, there was work to be done, and people who needed to be helped, so that's what was going to be done. He did it in such a way that you barely ever noticed, and never asked for a word of thanks. Finally, senior year, when it was time to elect a homecoming king, someone tossed his name out as someone who was deserving of a little credit, and immediately, the entire class realized that we had to do it. Not because we felt bad for him, but because he honestly and genuinely deserved it. We kept it a secret from him, and when the announcement at the assembly came, we all sat in the raisers with baited breath. When our principal called him name, I wish you could have heard the roar that went up from our class. Everyone was smiling, patting him on the back, congratulating him, girls were crying, it was a mess. But that wasn't the best part. The best part was the look on this kids face when he realized that each and every single one of us, had noticed him and appreciated him. That look of simple joy and belonging was the greatest thing in the world, and if it's wrong to do something nice for someone because they deserve it, then for fuck's sake I don't want to be right. I imagine that doubters will just say that we only did it because it made us feel good about ourselves, but you weren't there. You don't know. It went beyond all the petty drama and ego that comes along with high school. It was a single moment when we made a good kid happy, and for me, that's what it's really about.
1	Forgive me if someone had mentioned this but... Seriously?  Why are you nitpicking these guys, you're acting like they have been bread and buttered to do this kind of thing.  TSM, like them or not, is one of the most supportive/outgoing teams in pro-LoL.  You honestly want to make a huge deal about 1, Q and A?  Did you fail to keep in mind the fact that; These guys have no Agent, They aren't trained to handle the huge flow of fanfare that comes at them.  I'm sure that they could use some constructive criticism but this seems more of a bitchfest than some good feedback.
1	Dumbphone, no data plan.   -Laptop, but my wifi adapter is on the fritz.   -Fuck no. If my classwork is done, I see no reason not to play League.   I love your
1	There are a lot of bad players of pretty much any ethnicity imaginable. It's just become a stereotype that Brazilians are automatically bad because they're the only other enormous country on this side of the globe, AND they can't be guaranteed to speak English!   But it's not quite that simple. To really understand what's going on, you need to know a few numbers:   Brazil is a country of 190 million people - it's by far (80 million) the second largest country in the western hemisphere, and if you exclude to stable countries (sorry, Mexico, you have massive violence issues) the next largest country in the hemisphere would either be Colombia (46 million people, but still unstable) or Argentina (40 million people).   So, right off the bat, you have a developing to developed country with nearly 200 million people. Even if you assume that only 1/3 of Brazilians are capable of having internet access with disposable income, there are more Brazilians with internet access than there are  people  living in Canada, Australia and New Zealand  combined .   Now, you might be wondering why they're so common on free to play games when they're so rare on most p2p and console games! Here's the fun part: Brazil's currency, the Real, is worth about $.55 USD. However, the cost of electronics in Brazil is hyper-inflated.   When the PS3 launched in Brazil in August of 2010, it cost R$1999, which at today's market value is  USD$1,116 . The XBox360 was even worse at launch, costing an obscene  R$2999 . Even now, the cheapest you can get a 360 for new in Brazil is R$799 ($446 USD), with games between R$99 and R$159.   So where does that bring us? You have a very large playerbase, potentially above 60 million players, for whom buying a new console is on the level of buying a new PC here. Given the ridiculous cost of games in Brazil, there's a certain subset of games that are very popular - those with static price points.   Some of these games  are  pay to play, like World of Warcraft, but most of them are free. And, as it would turn out, Brazilians are actually humans with varying tastes, so the net effect is that there are Brazilians trying out almost every free game they can, because the time cost of trying bad ones is way less than buying a bad game for $90.   F2P and microtransaction games are incredibly popular in Brazil because of their low entry fee, and it's a large enough market that some pretty decent games along those lines become funded  at least in part thanks to them.   So, there you have it - a socio-economic explanation of why it is that Brazilians seem to flock to free games, and why you seem to see so many terrible ones.
0	Really? Charging someone with a crime for falsely accusing someone of rape and ruining their entire lives is discencentive for real victims? The only thing it is is discencentive for for the women who FALSELY accuse men of rape, not real rape victims.
0	Natural selection only works for traits that cause death (or create an unfavorable mate) before an organism is able to reproduce. Many diseases take longer than that to kill. Huntingtons is a good example of that. Also the diseases that express themselves early are recessive, genes that could be removed from the pool. I see eugenics as more of a preventive measure, which might be where your disagreement arises. We already have the technology to screen embryos, eggs and sperm in vitro. We can isolate harmful genes and remove/replace them so that the kid wont have the pain and suffering that goes along with those diseases. I have to disagree with your assertion that we "would be claiming control over... to truly understand." I dont know what papers you have been reading but many of the genes for hereditary diseases have been isolated and are regularly tested for. Mendelian genetics have been around for a hundred years, we know a great amount. I guess that I can see where you are coming from opinion wise but I disagree with some of your assumptions.
1	LET ME ENLIGHTEN YOU     Invade Nidalee's Jungle, shes very weak levels 1-2 and if the Nidalee player isn't skilled at her early clear she will go very low.        Avoid early game skirmishes; avoid fighting without vision of her       Pick "point and click stun" champions like Irelia and Annie that can flash-stun and kill her instantly.       Sacrifice the first couple of Dragons to prevent early game skirmishes and her chance to snowball the game.     Banshee's and Locket lower Nidalee's Power considerable.         Nidalee is a single-target burst assassin; travel in groups to make picks harder.     Deny Nidalee blue buff; Her spears are on a low cooldown but cost 90 mana each. She will go oom without blue. Reksai and Pantheon are very at counter jungling Nidalee and can do this quite well. Reksai superior counter jungler while Pantheon is a superior duelist.         Hard Engage; Nidalee needs to setup her kills with a spear. 5v5 fights make it extremely hard for her to get a combo off.       Her effectiveness at 100-0ing is drastically lowered as the game gets longer. Champions get tankier via levels and items the longer the game goes on for which makes it harder to burst down with 1 combo.       Patch 5.3 fixed a critical bug that made Nidalee a monster, that was the ability to have ALL cooldowns reset when a target was hunted. Now it's back to normal and only her R into cougar form resets. This lowers her clear speed and ability to chase and chain-combo's significantly.     Nidalee is very squishy; if ganked,try and burst Nidalee.         Morgana, Panthen, Irelia, Annie, Vi, Sivir are all good champions vs Nidalee. They all offer abilities that counter Nidalee specific; ie spellshield, point and click cc, great duelist.     If still finding it hard to vs Nidalee; Ban her. Unless LB, Kat and Kass aren't banned, fuck those champions...
0	E. Coli is introduced to beef when intestinal contents mix with processed beef. This is much more likely to happen with ground beef than with steaks, where only the outer cut area is exposed. This is also the area that is cooked thoroughly, even with "rare" cooked steaks.
0	oh my, somebody doesn't know what an example means. An earlier post within this string of threads mentioned getting up early to work out before school or work. That is where that came from. You are taking what I'm saying an falling prey to the logically fallacy known as  affirming the consequent  it's very hard to begin an activity. I would venture to say your depression is mild, so was mine (before I learned to treat myself) compared to others.
1	I actually do agree with this one. I was playing a ranked game (one out of the seven i have). We had a pantheon that wanted to go top. but he didn't say anytihng in chat. at all. he endeed up vs'ing a cho and i went xin jungle. he was doing ok. but he was building really weird. and doing really weird stuff. like going all in at level 2 when the enemy had the minion advantage and stuff. eventually i think we won so i decide to go check his lolking because he built a chalice on pantheon too. so i see he has no rune nor mastery pages. +he never said in anything at chat at all so there was a serious lack of comunication when i wanted to gank
1	I agree that people should be allowed to play what they want, but at least be competent, if you want to dick around with crappy champions, go do customs or bots, in normals you should at least be adequate with the champion you want to play, or else you are just bringing down the experience of the other people on your team. Despite that, sometimes people are just being tools, I was just in a game where I was duoqueueing bot with someone, and some other guys were duoqueueing too, and they wanted to double jungle, wouldn't listen to me when I told them it was a bad idea (three solos, less xp, etc etc). And eventually they only switched when I told them I was staying in a duo (I had already locked in thresh) so unless they wanted to leave top open all game they would switch. Regardless, they blamed me for every little thing, and would not join in teamfights all game. So yeah.
1	I recently started playing again after a long hiatus, and Im kind of dissapointed in the state of bruisers like Mundo, Olaf, Xin Zhao, Skarner, Vladimir, and Irelia. Theyre kind of tanky, kind of do damage, but besides that you just seem like youre walking around a teamfight in circles getting kited to death. On the other hand it is annoying when a guy with 3k hp jumps on you and 3 shots you. I just think the problem is that these guys kits are all at least in some ways Melee DPS and Melee DPS doesnt work, so we have to try and make these pseudo tanks just to last 3 seconds in a teamfight. Its broken fundamental mechanics.
1	I really have to agree with this, I was a long time SC1 player and played quite a bit of SC2 and I have to say the advice is not that relatable. Think about it, in a 1v1 environment if you do good you get rewarded, in League of legends it is not so simple if you do good you can lose the game and get flamed by ignorant people. When this happens there is little you can do. You are going to have moments of incredible frustration you may even lash out.   Because of this it is so much easier to rationalize that you are a better player then your elo gives you credit for. But because the human mind is so un objective, everyone thinks they are a good player. When a mistake is made in league of legends almost always all 5 players will have had an effect on the mistake, so because of this any player could blame another player and their ego remains untouched and they don't learn.   Let me give you an example, I was playing support Janna for my 10th ranked game this season. I was partnered with a Graves. The opposition team comp was very strong early and it was clear that they planned an invade. Seeing this and the Udyr being my duo partner, I decided to help him out level 1 with a shield and some protection. In the end we repelled the invade and Udyr got his blue. However the trade off for this meant that I was under leveled but being a support player this wasn't an issue for me.   Anyways, I am down a level and I am heading to lane I see that the enemy Leona has just warded dragon area I head there to place my vision ward and destroy her ward, this takes me away from lane for more time. SO now I am down 2 levels, but I am in lane and shielding graves, playing standard Janna support and they are missing a ward. The lane we are facing is Leona and Tristana with heal ignite. So it is clear that they are a kill lane. Anyways due to various harassing tools Tristana gets low, Graves goes all in, I burn my exhaust and all my spells and he does the same, but Tristana's heal and ignite prove too strong and he is melted pretty quick, I am left to pick up the pieces and as there is no way to escape this I just sit there in a weak attempt to kill trist.   Immediately Graves starts flaming me saying that I wasted too much time with Udyr and that fight was my fault. I am not mature enough to accept that and point out that he knew I was under leveled and his engage was foolish considering the lane and their summoners. And now for the rest of the game he keeps asking me to 'prove myself' he takes any chance to flame me, he is invested in the lie he is telling himself, whilst I did have a role in losing the fight from being under leveled he was the one who made the mistake but because I am maybe 1% responsible he absolves himself from any blame and decides I must be a bad player. In the end it didn't matter as top lane quit, but it stuck with me. To be honest I don't think I could have done anything to avoid the situation, if I were to go back in time and do it again, I would do it the same. The Udyr needed my help so as to get his blue, I destroyed leona's ward and was in prime position to play a passive farm lane, but Graves messed up, he got too greedy and was unable to face his own failures.   In the end it is rationalizations like this that make ranked so unpleasant for me, also the fact that every player is looking for someone to blame just makes the whole affair entirely unpleasant.
0	I don't know what your age is but just know this, in time a man's value increases (until about 50-60) while a woman's decreases. Most of women heavily rely on their beauty and sexuality to get what they want, some use a fake kind of innocence they learned it works on getting stuff from dad. My point is, at around 30, 30 something when they show first signs of ageing their ridiculous prince charming standards drop. Don't get caught up in a marriage you don't want just because it's the first woman who ever sucked your dick. And most important never think they are special, first step in being fried-zoned or used.
0	Story time.   About a year ago, my mom, grandma, and I went to my brother's house for a family dinner. My grandmother has bad gastrointestinal problems, and she vomited everything she ate that day, right before dinner. I'm sitting next to her on the couch, rubbing her back and holding a wash basin, as my brother asks me what I fed her. He says, "You've been with her the whole day, and she told me you guys ate something before you came here. What did you give her?" At this point, I'm getting really nervous because my brother is getting louder and coming closer. I respond, "We had a few cashews before we left, but that was a few hours ago now." To which he responds, "Are you trying to kill her? Are you stupid?" I tell my brother to stop being an asshole (because not only was he implying that I'm a careless granddaughter, but that I'm a total idiot), and everyone stood and watched as he threatened me to "say that to [his] face." I didn't. I shut up. And he says, "Oh, so now you don't want to say anything. You're so brave," he'd say. And I ignored him. And still, no one stood up for me. My mom told him to relax, and that was that.   I wonder what would have happened if I had said that to his face. So, dear OP, tell me about your fight with your sister.
0	I'm  incredibly  biased, but it wasn't a debate. You basically had Nye talking science referring to evidence and Ham pointing to and referencing the Bible for near every answer. Nye focused on why science is important to education and keeping America ahead. Ham genuinely scared me that not only are there such people in the world, but that they have clout.
0	As someone who works on the corporate side of Nu Skin, it's a really great company to work for and provides a lot of foreign language speaking jobs for all the returned LDS missionaries in Provo. It's the main reason I've kept up on my Korean for this long.   Yes, there are distributors who sell the product and try to rope people into it in ways that are less than correct. We do have a compliance department that goes after people who try to defraud you. I wouldn't recommend people out of college to get into the distributorship side of it though, the products are pricey and I have no idea why anyone fresh out of college would try to do it. On the other hand, working for corporate kicks butt and I've had a really enjoyable experience here.   If you are seeing job postings for us, it is for corporate. Things like the warehouse doing shipping, or in the call center working with distributor questions, or even higher level jobs in R&D, marketing, and so forth.  We don't post any jobs out there knocking doors doing sales like you get with Vivint or Vector. The only way you'd be doing that is if someone in your neighborhood was selling the product, introduced you to the company, and tried to get you to sign up under them to be a distributor.   I totally get the hate on MLM's, when I was a kid my dad used to do one called Equinox. They sold various natural supplements, and in the end were taken to court shutdown and liquidated. My parents still have old Equinox products and logo gear at their house from when it went away. Don't believe the 'get rich quick' things you hear all the time because life just isn't that easy. Being a distributor in any MLM is hard, really hard, and it is not the easy road to millions. You have to be able to get out there every day and sell sell sell. For some, the business really clicks with them and they do eventually build up a large customer base. But it takes years for that to happen.
1	try to not get hit too often.. lasthit with ur spells alot.. if enemy plays rly offensive ask ur jungler for a gank so u can get abit off farm.. mostly ur goal is to get lvl 6 with kassa without falling behind too far.. as diana its the same but u can farm alot better with her Q + u wont suffer so much from autoattacks with ur W. once u hit level 6 as diana u should be scary enough for them - if they miss skills just go for some herass and maybe for the kill. as kassa u should try to poke with ult->silence and back off...
0	I've had this saved on my phone since he posted it, it really hit home for me.  Couldn't find the original comment, so here it is copied from my notes. (I suck ass at formatting, ignore those periods lmao)   >Ouch.  Sounds like you're having a tough time max.  That sucks.  I've been there, so I kinda know what you're talking about.  I've been in the ever circling vortex of self doubt, frustration, and loathing.  It's no bueno.  I know.  If you don't mind lemme tell you a couple things.  You can read em if you want, read em again later if you feel like it.  But honestly man, if I spend all this time typing this out to you and you don't let it be a little tinder for your fire, well, you're just letting us both down.  And you don't HAVE to do that.  You don't HAVE to do anything.  But you get to choose.   >.   >(Who am I?  My names Ryan and I live in Canada.  Just moved to a new city for a dream job that I got because of the rules below.  I owe a lot of my success to people much cooler, kinder, more loving and greater than me.  When I get the chance to maybe let a little bit of help out, its a way of thanking them. )   >.   >Rule numero uno - There are no more zero days.  What's a zero day?  A zero day is when you don't do a single fucking thing towards whatever dream or goal or want or whatever that you got going on.  No more zeros.  I'm not saying you gotta bust an essay out everyday, that's not the point.  The point I'm trying to make is that you have to make yourself, promise yourself, that the new SYSTEM you live in is a NON-ZERO system.  Didnt' do anything all fucking day and it's 11:58 PM?  Write one sentence.  One pushup.  Read one page of that chapter. One.  Because one is non zero.  You feel me?  When you're in the super vortex of being bummed your pattern of behaviour is keeping the vortex goin, that's what you're used to.  Turning into productivity ultimate master of the universe doesn't happen from the vortex.  It happens from a massive string of CONSISTENT NON ZEROS.  That's rule number one.  Do not forget.   >.   >La deuxieme regle - yeah i learnt french.  its a canadian thing.  please excuse the lack of accent graves, but lemme get into rule number 2.  BE GRATEFUL TO THE 3 YOU'S.  Uh what?  3 me's?  That sounds like mumbo jumbo bullshit.  News flash, there are three you's homeslice.  There's the past you, the present you, and the future you.  If you wanna love someone and have someone love you back, you gotta learn to love yourself, and the 3 you's are the key.  Be GRATEFUL to the past you for the positive things you've done.  And do favours for the future you like you would for your best bro.  Feeling like shit today?  Stop a second, think of a good decision you made yesterday.  Salad and tuna instead of Big Mac?  THANK YOU YOUNGER ME.  Was yesterday a nonzero day because you wrote 200 words (hey, that's all you could muster)? THANK YOU YOUNGER ME.  Saved up some coin over time to buy that sweet thing you wanted? THANK YOU. Second part of the 3 me's is you gotta do your future self a favour, just like you would for your best fucking friend (no best friend?  you do now.  You got 2.  It's future and past you).  Tired as hell and can't get off reddit/videogames/interwebs? fuck you present self, this one's for future me, i'm gonna rock out p90x Ab Ripper X for 17 minutes.  I'm doing this one for future me.  Alarm clock goes off and bed is too comfy?  fuck you present self, this one's for my best friend, the future me.  I'm up and going for a 5 km run (or 25 meter run, it's gotta be non zero).  MAKE SURE YOU THANK YOUR OLD SELF for rocking out at the end of every.single.thing. that makes your life better.  The cycle of doing something for someone else (future you) and thanking someone for the good in your life (past you) is key to building gratitude and productivity.  Do not doubt me.  Over time you should spread the gratitude to others who help you on your path.   >.   >Rule number 3- don't worry i'm gonna too long didnt' read this bad boy at the bottom (get a pencil and piece of paper to write it down.  seriously. you physically need to scratch marks on paper) FORGIVE YOURSELF.  I mean it.  Maybe you got all the know-how, money, ability, strength and talent to do whatever is you wanna do.  But lets say you still didn't do it.  Now you're giving yourself shit for not doing what you need to, to be who you want to.  Heads up champion, being dissapointed in yourself causes you to be less productive.  Tried your best to have a nonzero day yesterday and it failed?  so what.  I forgive you previous self.  I forgive you.  But today? Today is a nonzero masterpiece to the best of my ability for future self.  This one's for you future homes.  Forgiveness man, use it.  I forgive you.  Say it out loud.   >.   >Last rule.  Rule number 4, is the easiest and its three words.  exercise and books.  that's it.  Pretty standard advice but when you exercise daily you actually get smarter.  when you exercise you get high from endorphins (thanks body).  when you exercise you clear your mind.  when you exercise you are doing your future self a huge favour.  Exercise is a leg on a three legged stool.  Feel me?  As for books, almost every fucking thing we've all ever thought of, or felt, or gone through, or wanted, or wanted to know how to do, or whatever, has been figured out by someone else.  Get some books max.  Post to reddit about not caring about yourself?  Good first step! (nonzero day, thanks younger me for typing it out) You know what else you could do?  Read 7 habits of highly successful people.  Read "emotional intelligence".  Read "From good to great".  Read thinking fast and slow.  Read books that will help you understand.  Read the bodyweight fitness reddit and incorporate it into your workouts. (how's them pullups coming?) Reading is the fucking warp whistle from Super Mario 3.  It gets you to the next level that much faster.   >.   >Thats about it man.  Theres so much more when it comes to how to turn nonzero days into hugely nonzero days, but thats not your mission right now.  Your mission is nonzero and forgiveness and favours.  You got 36 essays due in 24 minutes and its impossible to pull off?  Your past self let you down big time, but hey  I forgive you.  Do as much as you can in those 24 minutes and then move on.   >.   >I hope I helped a little bit max.  I could write about this forever, but I promised myself I would go do a 15 minute run while listening to A. Skillz Beats Working Vol. 3.  Gotta jet.  One last piece of advice though.  Regardless of whether or not reading this for the first time helps make your day better, if you wake up tomorrow, and you cant remember the 4 rules I just laid out, please, please.  Read this again.   >.   >Have an awesome fucking day    >.   >
1	Well hang in there man. I'm sure you put a lot of effort into getting where you are today. People forget that even high elo players need to relax every now and then. Also if you don't lose every now and then, that would limit your ability to keep getting better :)
1	One thing to note is the difference in cost and buy times for the third items. The difference between LW and BT is a whopping 1200g. The buy times differ, on average, by 92 seconds. Just getting items listed, not including boots, pots, wards, the difference in GPM for IE->PD->3rd item is:   318.11 if they went BT.   292.76 if they went LW.   If we assume Greaves and 3 pots:   352.91 for BT.   329.11 for LW.   If someone with the GPM from LW were to try to buy BT as soon as they could, it would take 34 minutes, an extra 2:15.   The average amount of gold given by minions at 30:00 is 22.92. This means you would need to have an extra 53 CS to get BT over LW. That's a lot of minions, considering the max CS is 370 at 30.
0	I moved 1800 miles away from where I grew up at the age of 21 and haven't looked back. A few friends from back then stayed my friends, and I was much more careful about picking new ones. I don't have a lot of them, but they are wonderful, and my life is so much better. Beyond them, I had a lot of self discovery and growing up to do that staying in my comfort zone was not allowing me to do.
1	you're atking this out of context. he was asking the team "what is the point of this game" as in, they started the game so quickly after the first game that they didn't talk about anything that went wrong and what went right or wrong.  On a professional level, all teams generally talk about the previous game to find the ups and downs so that they can learn and adapt to things.  Considering the team started so fast, there didnt seem like a game plan or a direction for their team comp/playstyle that they wanted to do, so chaox was questioning what was the game plan for that game 2 if they didn't talk about what they wanted to do
1	no.   Currency that is earned through in game means, in this case IP, is used in free to play titles to encourage continued play. You feel like you are earning something, and using it to purchase things like runes or champions or silly hats makes you feel like you are progressing. The progression reward and the impetus to keep playing are there to encourage you to stick with the game because the longer you do the more likely you are to pay real money for something. Similarly artificial scarcity is required, when you are always forced to work to have enough IP to buy whatever new trinket appears it increases satisfaction in obtaining that item AND it increases the likely hood that you're going to opt for the shortcut of purchasing it with real money.   Allowing stock piling to happen, for anyone, is bad. It means there is a point, a certain number of games played where any person will develop a stock pile. Beyond that point impetus to play and progression rewards evaporate and the only things holding people to the game are fond memories and the weight of how much time and money they already tossed into the game. Neither of those is particularly successful at customer retention.   Hence the need to create additional IP sinks. In my example I mentioned ward skins, making them available through both IP and RP allows you to eliminate stock piles and give those long time players back their progression feelings and encourage them to spend more RP, while also adding to the artificial scarcity of in game currency encouraging the entire player base to spend more on RP.
0	Bartholomew Bourgeoisie leaned in close over the bowl of the Flying Spaghetti Monster's physical manifestation and breathed in the heady fumes of his god. The sauce bubbled in the saucepan, begging to join Him in His starchy dominion.   "Tell me how badly you want it," whispered Bartholomew fiercely, as he poured the sauce into a bowl and readied the sauce spoon. The bowl of spaghetti steamed sexily.   "Oh yeah," Bartholomew moaned, as he spooned the oregano-and-sausage-spiced sauce over His noodly form. Sexily. "Mmmm," he continued, also sexily.   Suddenly he became aware of a figure standing in the doorway, decidedly  un sexily.   "Who's there!?" he shouted, panicky. It was his bitch wife, Margaret Ann Bourgeoisie.   "Your spaghetti fetish is driving this family apart," she said, in her trademark bitchy tone.   "Shut up!" yelled Bartholomew, as he caressed the bowl of spaghetti with a fork. Margaret left Bartholomew and the spaghetti alonealone together,  sexily .
1	thing about it is, you can get catalyst for extra mana/health/laning presence then go rylais   even though it is statistically inferior, i have never been in a situation where i wished i had the 300 hp it has since he naturally has tons of hp...the mana is nice, but ive never had mana problems on him once i get catalyst   also the catalyst can be made into banshees veil instead, which is, many times, needed on singed to keep him from being kited by knockbacks and such as he tries to run in   alos the glue is fairly unreliable...dont get me wrong, its a fuckign strong as slow and is amazing but you have to remember singed role...he often times is the one bull rushing enemy carries and throwing them into your team or chasing them out of the fight and most of the time you have to use your super op slow to chase down the carry   you end up with a scenario where you are limited in team fight presence to either where you either have to stick with your carries and protect them or chase down their carries, youc ant really do both....but with rylais, you slow everything behind you, making it near impossible for the enemy to initiate onto your team, you can throw your goo into their team making it easier for you to initiate on their carries, and overallyour presence in team fights is just larger
1	To me it looked like they wanted to give up all drags until the fifth one just so they could get their carries farmed and it seemed to work as long as they didn't sit in an equalizer but alas they played their rotations and everything late game terribly.
1	Nice effort.   But I dont think these statistics are reliable at all and i really dislike the
0	Many arrows, including the ones used in Skyrim as far as I can tell, are designed to be painful to a target. To achieve maximum effectiveness, their point is shaped like [this,]( and is 4 sided, sort of like [this.]( The christmas tree was necessary.   Anyways, if the arrow went in deep enough, the arrow head would break the bone (arrows can be strong enough to do this, especially if shot by a dragonborn) or skin, and either go all the way through the leg, or be deeply embedded in the flesh, completely obscuring the arrowhead.   Pulling it out would cause a tremendous amount of pain, due to the shape of the arrowhead. It would dig into the flesh as you tried to pull it out. If you tried to pull it straight through, the  fletching at the end   The way to remove arrows back in the day was pretty medieval, obviously. The shaft of the arrow was broken, leaving just the arrow within the flesh. A hole would be made around the arrowhead (The hole would be basically cutting a chunk out of you, so the arrowhead didn't dig in to the flesh as it was pulled out.) Then, the arrowhead would be extracted.   Needless to say, in times like these, recovery from something like that isn't exactly speedy. If they were ever able to walk again, they would be tremendously lucky. Looks like Talos must have blessed all those guards. Bottom line is, you don't just pull an arrow out and walk away from it. Unless you're a dragonborn.
1	Im from Holland and one of the biggest radio stations of the country called "radio 538" has a special part of the program called "Maak't of Kraak 't". They play a song on the radio and people can vote if the songe is good or bad. The song got 84,5% positive votes so i think it's gonna be more often on the radio. In Holland this song might come in the top 40.
0	I dropped out halfway through my senior year as I wasnt going to graduate anyway. Horrible attendence while still making b's because I was quite knowledgeable and I found it easy. I just had terrible depression and at that point couldnt care enough to give a shit and show up. At 20 I got my diploma through an accelerated learning course and at 23 work for the department of defense and make more than most of my friends who just graduated college. I can't take all the credit for this as those around me pushed me to do better, helped me with my depression, and my fiance's parents helped me get my IT certs to stop wasting my time. Lots of people drop out for lots of different reasons.
0	Looks like no one in this thread knows their laws.   >Larceny is a crime against possession.   >In some jurisdictions of the United States, the courts recognize a common law shopkeeper's privilege, under which a shopkeeper is allowed to detain a suspected shoplifter on store property for a reasonable period of time, so long as the shopkeeper has cause to believe that the person detained in fact committed, or attempted to commit, theft of store property.   >The shopkeeper's privilege is for the purpose of investigation only; if, after reasonable detention and investigation, the shopkeeper  mistakenly concludes that the suspect is guilty  and has him arrested, he presumably becomes liable for these acts just as he would have been had he committed them without undertaking a prior detention and investigation.   Since OP has possession of stolen merchandise he could be guilty of larceny. Therefore allowing the enactment of the shopkeeper's privilege.   Same thing goes for buying stolen items, if you knowingly buy them you could be arrested.   They have evidence OP committed a crime, OP has to prove his intent wasn't to steal and he didn't know it was stolen  to make the police's evidence invalid.   This is because OP is  guilty by association  if you are with someone when they commit a crime, the courts can  assume  you knew about the crime. Therefore you could be charged as well.   Same thing goes for drugs, if OP's friend had weed in a car and they got busted then  unless someone claims ownership  all parties can be charged.
0	As a person who has rich parents -- not to be bigheaded, simply to be blunt -- I can't actually think of another way to say it other than what you just said. I've been working every summer since 9th grade and have a part time job while going to college. Yah my tuition was paid for til I was 22 and don't get me wrong -- I understand how lucky I am for that. It used to bother me more when I was younger when people reminded me that I was a "rich kid", but I got over it eventually. I would suggest though that more rich people taught their kids to be humble (I have so many friends that have never worked before) and more "not-so-rich" people discouraged their kids from bullying rich kids.
0	Engineer in his 40s here.  20 years after college, nobody cares what you studied or even, in most cases, that you completed a four year degree.   The first few years with a non-technical degree might yield lower earnings, but I have plenty of friends who are doing just fine after majoring in fields that weren't in high demand.   In a lot of cases, the found something tangential to their major and turned it into a career.  Theater major running a theater, chef becoming a concierge, English major editing textbooks, etc.
1	Alright, since I love playing Panth/Xin bot and I'm in a helpful mood I'll explain the match up in some detail. For the purpose of this hypothetical lane situation let us assume it's a draft mode game in which blitz and alistar have been banned and you're running one exhaust (usually pantheon) and one ignite (usually xin). Anyone who is playing this combo has most likely done it before and knows who the problem supports are for the lane, also blitz and alistar are pretty common bans as is. Now, there are two categories in which this game can fall into based on who they pick for support, the adc pick really doesn't matter. Taric/Leona or all the rest. The lane becomes a bit more challenging with Taric/Leona as the support, but if you add even the slightest bit of jungle pressure early it usually results in an severely underfarmed ADC and a pretty fed Xin. Reason being is simply the damage potential at level 1 for Panth/Xin starting w on panth (stun) and e on xin (charge) will make them burn summoners immediately as you walk into lane or give up first blood. After that it's simply a matter of zoning and warding. They get close to creep stun/charge, most likely kill, repeat and because of how aggressive you must play warding vs jungle ganks early and often is absolutely crucial.   In the case of Ezreal, the gap closers on Xin and Pantheon both have 13 second cooldowns @ level 1. Ezreals is 19, so he gets away once. 13 seconds later if he's trying to cs he will die, if not he's underfarmed. The other scenario is since there are 2 champs with gap closers, he gets away from the first and then gets caught with the second and dies anyways.   Even if the ADC gets away, if they pick supports like janna/sona/raka you can pretty much kill them whenever you please. I've played this pair vs pretty much every standard ad/support combo in existence. Corki/Taric was the most challenging, Kog/Soraka by far the easiest. We did have a Graves/Sona combo ragequit at the 6 minute mark once, but I don't count this game because it was only 11 minutes and 43 seconds long and at ~8 minutes the remaining 3 members left the game as well.   Tips and things I do differently than most Pantheons playing this lane are:     Play him as ~0 CS support.   NEVER smartcast Heartseeker Strike.   Start stun then max heartseeker over spear shot. It's more damage and the heartseeker passive is really really strong at low levels.    I run 21/9/0. It's pantheon, screw defense. Passive OP.   Start boot, one ward, two pots (have to wait for the 2nd in base) but you usually don't miss any exp.   Usually build him Hog, Brutalizer, Mercs, Phage, Randiuns, Mallet.   Early oracles = lane domination = even more underfarmed enemy carry.   Works best with Commando Xin and Full Metal Pantheon skins. (Intimidation)   Insane dragon control/potential.   When purple(top half), help your jungler blue, then run into enemy jungle as 3 and steal red/kill jungler. Follow up with 3 man gank bot.   Practice your Pantheon in ARAM or ADAM on proving grounds.   Use your ultimate to support jungle ganks.
1	I had a game today where an enemy mid was spamming all chat to report their ADC.  I was laning against their ADC and he was doing fine, he just got outplayed a few times and from there he couldn't really do much.  I wound up reporting the enemy mid because after the match he was spewing all kinds of hate at the enemy ADC and I could only imagine what she was saying in team chat.
0	Law Enforcement Officers of Reddit already know they are being recorded. They have dash cams and the US Government are working on "Pin Cams" Cameras pinned to the front shirt of each and every officer. Officers that you see over-reacting are often doing so because they just chased this bastard for a mile and he threw the first punch. Officer's deal with an extremely high daily stress rate and on the job hazard, its entirely within their right to defend themselves in any way they see fit (within reason). These Officers go out every day with a target on their chest and stand in the face of danger and crime so that you don't have to and still they get this stigma of being cruel and brutal.
1	This is not setting a precedent to perform a witch hunt. This was a post to warn people about own3d. Both future streamers and viewers. Future streamers would like to be payed as well. And their lives, like Destiny's, depend on it. If a company is knowingly destroying people's lives, by not paying money that they own them, they deserve to get a public warning against them. Even more so, as a viewer I'll pay money and subscribe to a person's stream to support the streamer. I don't do that because I support own3d.   This means it's not solely in Destiny's interest to warn people about own3d. It's the entire community's interest. This means it's not a witch hunt. Destiny also provided sufficient data and evidence to back up his claims (skype logs, contract quotes etc). Can this evidence be falsified? Yes. But if so, it would only take 1 post from ow3d with their logs to undermine it. Own3d can provide a statement as well, just as much as Destiny can.   It doesn't matter whether this sets a precedent if it's something that's in the best interest of the community to know. It would be a witch hunt if Destiny posted this to pursue his own goals and his goal was to pressure them into doing something. It's not. It's about warning future streamers and viewers to be very careful with own3d. Destiny is trying to look out for the community, not for himself. therefor this should be widely known. Reddit is one of the ways to warn a giant portion of this community. It's not like Destiny is the first one warning about own3d. This stuff has been going on for quite a while now. It's been out there before, yet still nothing has changed.   This means it's fine if this sets a precedent. Because it's our interest at stake here. It's not like own3d can't defend themselves. They can. and the fact that they don't, says a lot.
1	It goes both ways. I've won a game where the enemy clean aced us, pushed down mid and got both nexus turrets, then stood in front of our fountain Bming us and spamming laugh, then recalling. We respawned, picked off two of them that were slower to recall, and then return shoved to win. On the other hand, I've had games that are thoroughly unenjoyable and we are certainly going to lose, and I would rather move on to a game that I may enjoy and have a shot at winning than sit in a game that is lost, waiting for the enemy to stop playing around with us.
1	There  IS  Z-axis on league. Even a rioter said it once in this subreddit, I wish I could find that thread. A simple proof is that if you download some sort of program like LOLReplay, you can change the camera angle of the replays and notice that when champions jump they DO lift off the ground. The champions are also above the ground, not simply "painted" on it. The walls too. Abilities like Ziggs ult too. If there was no Z-axis at all, the game would be 2D (only 2 axis).   What really happens, is not the lack of the Z-axis. The reason why things like this happen is that almost all of the skills ignore the Z-axis. That means that when the game checks if a skillshot is hitting a champion it only does checks for X and Y. If someone is on the X/Y the game is checking for it deals damage, regardless of the champion being high above the ground or not. And that is essential for the game to work, to be honest. Imagine your Alistar Qs someone and because of that you could not hit the enemy champion with a low altitude spell like Ez's Q. That would be incredibly frustrating, although logical. Or even if flying champions could not be hit by ground-based spells. Again, logical yet frustrating/broken.   So please stop downvoting people who say that there is a Z-axis, because they are right. And stop this stupid circlejerk.
0	So I'm at my first work event. My company partners with another company in another town near us. We get together every month for company training and a potluck lunch.   I still didn't know anyone, so I sat with my boss and a couple other people I know from my office. My boss, of course, knows everyone and was introducing me to each person that came by our table.   Right before we were getting ready to eat, this couple comes by and I am introduced to them. This guy is a Co-worker of my boss at his other office and they're also pretty good friends. He introduces his wife to me and we exchange hullo's. My boss then takes a second to express how sad he was to hear that her father had recently passed, as he had recently lost his. She squints at him, confused, and says, "My Dad isn't dead..."   Now my boss is confused. "But, Dave (name changed) missed last Thursday and Friday to be with you for the funeral and..." Then he realized what was happening.   She shot Dave the most horrifying death stare and says that she needs to talk to him outside. They leave the room and we can hear them arguing outside. Eventually it turns into screaming and crying. It's tough to distinguish what was being said but at one point everyone had to hear her scream, "You were with HER again, weren't you."   Turns out he had been lying to everyone in order to meet with his girl on the side. He came back in without her and I overheard him talking with my boss.
1	I think your argument that flat armour penetration is good against high armour targets is a bit misleading.  While the numbers are correct you're drawing a questionable conclusion from them.   What you should look at is the formula for how much damage you do with armour, A, and penetration P (assuming no % pens or funky other sources of damage reduction):   damage increase = (100 + A)/(100 + (A-P))   This is why people say that flat armour penetration is good when the target is lightly armoured (that's part of the reason ad assassins like brutalizers). If you can perfectly counter their armour you get P % more damage - the numbers you quoted.   However, you claim   > It is also false that flat armor penetration gives decreasing returns, it is just as effective against high armor targets as it is against squishies   It  can  be true that you get the same percentage increase against a heavily armoured target and a squishy, but only if you have so much penetration that it's wasted on the squishy.
1	Leaving a game is never acceptable unless you have an emergency. You're ruining 9 other peoples experience, no one wins in 4v5's   If you manage to win 4 v 5 it makes the other team feel like garbage. and if you lose because you're 4v5 the win feels hallow for the team with the extra player.   Pretty much your girlfriend shouldn't be so emotional, it's a game, don't take what anyone says seriously. 90% of players are bad anyway. If she really is that sensitive she'd do well to mute EVERYONE as soon as the game starts, because this is the nature of competitive online team games, people are not nice because it s a COMPETITION. People don't like to lose, even if it is a normal game.   I wouldn't go as far to remake your accounts, that's stupid. Just keep playing and don't leave games. I honestly hope your girlfriend gets a week ban. She deserves it, she ruined 9 other peoples experience (including yours, and yes you should be upset with her) because she's selfishly sensitive.   My suggestion is that you play arranged 5s if you have friends and tell them "lets play to have fun" That way there's no expectation of winning and you can actually learn how to play at a normal and fun pace.   Pretty much  90% of what you would learn leveling up to 30 can be learned in about 5 actual level 30 games or just watching a pro's stream for an hour or two and watching how the players play and ward and take objectives. everyone below level 30 = smurfs,retards, or completely mediocre, almost no one is good. Watch the pros, focus on your cs, focus on objectives,ward. Those 4 tips alone will put you above 70% of the player base.   Tell your girlfriend to be less emotional and remember that it's a game, you're her boyfriend, it's your duty to make her comfortable and happy and she should have your happiness in mind too. if a player starts talking shit have her Insta mute him by hitting TAB / mute button. Also please stop playing bot games, I don't know how anyone could ever get pleasure from facing super predictable AI. What sense of accomplishment can that ever bring? There's no greater feeling than winning a hard fought, down to the wire, CLOSE GAME, and with AI you will never have that. This went on longer than I expected, but w/e.
0	This is Reddit. I'm not going to proof-read my statements. My bad. Also, there is absolutely nothing wrong with starting a sentence with 'but' unless your in high school English class. Many professional writers do this. I refuse to have a debate with someone that feels that correcting my grammar supports they're argument.   Yes I understand your reference. BUT you can lose a scholarship more easily than a grant. Therefore, if your eligible for grants, it is illogical to desire a scholarship that will add unnecessary stress and hardship to you're life. It's a pretty simple, logical idea that I'm talking about here.
1	We should be looking at WotA and saying "This item works on some champions, just like gunblade works on some champions. What other item could be added that might benefit champions that need spell vamp and not mana." My vote would be a combo of Seekers Armguard and Hextech Revolver. Something that gives Vamp, AP, and Armor would be good on Vlad. Revolver and Specters Cowl could do the same with MR. One that gives CDR and Vamp but maybe has an active that spends health for a burst of AP for a short time.
1	I agree here, a Riot show wouldn't allow for some of the most funny stuff imo (the stuff that some people get mad over).  About their advantage of having all the new information first (most of them), SI deals with events that happened since the last show anyways, and whether they hear it from the Riot show or patchnotes or some leak source doesn't really matter.  To be honest if I only watched it for the information I would probably watch like 1 tenth of the whole show every time. I like Monte and Thoorin and their styles though.
1	I don't think that this really solves anything or adds anything new that the current system doesn't already have. We'd see an increase in people smurfing because they'd be able to use whoever they wanted whenever they wanted, we'd see a weird de-synch of the rotation when people log in on a Tuesday after the Monday reset to select their champions, or a wednesday, etc. Do the people picking on Sunday get to pick again on Monday?   Then we get to new players, competitive or not. New players really don't care, using multiple friends as experience, which champions are free or not. At least, they aren't going to stop playing if Jinx isn't free. Competitive players aren't going to care whether or not their favorite is open or not either, because there is always at least one free champion that they can play that is "good" which is all most competitive players care about.
1	Chuosta if I could say one thing, when all your comments are getting down-voted, we're talking 10+ atm, you should probably just stop. All your doing is giving more material to the majority who dispute your opinion. Additionaly the Unskilled Player report does almost nothing. And using one of your points if your bad with a Champion cause your first timing it then maybe practicing against easier opponents will help.
0	OP   > Can someone with a professional perspective in sociology, dating, feminism, history, or psychology explain exactly why women are so closely scrutinized, evaluated, and assumed to have a sexual agenda?   This person is saying that men are doing these horrible things to her. go read the post.   In the comments:   >   This whole comment thread - holy shit.   Same post:   someone:  > I think one reason might be that some, not all men, are very bad at reading non verbal behavior and as a result use wishful thinking to process it.   OP > How can this be debunked? I'm not happy at all to have this projected onto me, and not at all happy that being generally friendly and kind can be misconstrued to have a deliberately seductive intent. Is this a recent development? Is this a function of PUA rhetoric, or has it always been so?   Because men express interest in OP, or comment on her fucking lipstick, they're PUAs.     Here's another one:
1	I find it fun, I guess it depends on your perspective. I've been playing just short of a year now, and I have lots of friends to play with. That has helped keep the game fun for me. I enjoy ranked, I love the feeling of winning, and I do get angry when I lose, but I try to take that loss and turn it into a victory in some way or another. Having friends to duo with definitely helps. If you don't have fun when you lose, it sounds as if you are playing to win, so the biggest 2 things I would suggest that you could do to have more fun is to try and queue as 5 people, and play to have fun!
0	Funny story about crime on east cost FL, that you may or may not care to read, but I digress: There's a paddling training camp that goes on in Indian Harbour/Melbourne area, on the grand canal or whatever you guys call it (we're canadian). We rent houses in the area for the month we train there. One year we were renting a house that was supposedly being converted into an "assisted living home", which was great for us because it had tons of bedrooms, like three bathrooms and it had like a separate room attached to the house like a poolhouse or something. Not important. It seemed great but really sketchy for some reason, dish washer didn't work, hardly any furniture, etc. and a ton of cigarette butts covering the ground out back.   One night, we're sitting around watching TV when we here a car door outside. We don't bother to check because it's probably another coach from a different camp coming to talk to ours. W/E the door's locked we'll answer it when they knock... No one knocks, instead a key slips into the lock... "Coach must have given a key to one of the girls or something, must be trying to prank us..." Then these two SKETCHY AS FUCK looking dudes walk in with  THE  drug carrying duffle bag, like a ratty green one with one square-ish lump in the bottom of it, next to a clear imprint of a handgun. We swear one of them had a gun in their wasteband too.   They were so casual too, just waltzed in like "hey what's up! who you guys with?", we told them we were with Rob, our coach and they were like "Rob who?". We said it was the guy who was renting the place... "Renting?! from who?". We told them the name of the guy and they started to leave like "We gotta go talk with [probably joe or something]"... Every night afterwards we thought they were gonna come back and kill us.
1	take myself as an example. i dont play ranked. why? because i enjoy the mentality of normals (from other people, not for myself) whilst still maintaining a relatively decent skill level (judging by actual play). sure there are outliers when i get the random troll or high elo people who hop on the normal queues (gbay99, chu8 -- yes i have played against both of these guys in normals. i dont find it surprising).   when riot announced S2 rewards, i said fuck it i want free shit and got myself to Gold V in 25~ games. it was a relatively easy task for me (also note there is a certain amount of luck involved, and towards that i am thankful), as i value myself as high gold with plat potential if i really tryhard, and the only way i would find out is if i hop on the ladder and start progressing. however i dont take this game seriously enough to do so and i pretty much stick to playing inhouses with a group of 30 friends ranging from Bronze V to Diamond I because they're amazingly fun (coordinated play \>\>\> solo queue).   i might've went on tangent, but my point is these people are less "outlying" than you'd think. also, i dont find the point "playing like a bronze one game and a diamond the next" to be valid. i find my play can fluctuate from what i'd deem "silver worthy" when im having an off day to my normal level of play, but these are all on a daily (and somewhat rare) time frame. lastly, there can be correlations drawn between elo and skill once you've played hundreds of (im talking in the neighborhood of 500) ranked games for a few reasons. one, it is impossible to learn everything you need to know about a game like league in less than that number of games, so you will generally see improvement over the entire set of 500 games. additionally, it is large enough to average and see finalized results.   no
0	So easy to judge.   More journalists than you know are actually well educated and smart, however, the reality is, the market for serious journalism is so small, it's scary. People always require transparency, thorough investigations, serious journalism, but do they read it? How can a journalist find a job to feed his family if he goes by his ideals and refuses any job which would make him less respected and credible. Serious journalism takes buttcrackloads of time, resources, talent and hard work, and in the end, it's not read by as many people as you would like. The yellow pages are always read, they have a lot of popularity and I am not saying they are easy to do, not at all, but it's still completely different than most of us imagined when we were studying.   The flow of information is terribly huge, the pace of life is too fast to investigate stuff further, that's why the one who posts first usually gets most views and others, even with better coverage, are left behind. Regurgitating information from such a great source as reddit, which not only provides materials that are interesting to general public but also lets you follow the trends and use the information easily, is racking tons of views and attention, it also is easy to do and the readers love this kind of stuff.   Source: I am a journalist. I never used any material from reddit (except some stuff from AmA about Curiosity).   All in all, if serious journalism would be read more and would generate better profits, it would be more prevalent, right now it's just not worth it for a lot of employers in media companies to hire someone who needs a lot of resources and in the end doesn't pay off.   A lot of international news are just bought from the same source, because very few media companies have the resources to have stationed/send journalists around the world no matter how serious shit is.
1	I believe it's a violation of this:   "A. Intellectual Property. All rights and title in and to the Properties, and all content included therein (including, without limitation, user Accounts, computer code, titles, objects, artifacts, characters, character names, locations, location names, stories, story lines, dialog, catch phrases, artwork, graphics, structural or landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and recordings, Riot Points (defined below), audio-visual effects, character likenesses, and methods of operation) are owned by Riot Games or its licensors. The Properties, and all content therein are protected by United States and other international intellectual property laws. Riot Games and its licensors reserve all rights in connection with the Properties, including, without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works therefrom. You agree that you will not create any work of authorship based on the Properties except as expressly permitted by Riot Games. Additionally, except as otherwise set forth in this Section IV.A, Riot Games does not authorize you to make any use whatsoever of any Riot Games trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, taglines, and/or trade dress (collectively, the "Riot Games Marks") under any circumstances without a written license agreement. Any reproduction, redistribution, or modification of the Properties, or use of the Properties not in accordance with the EULA or this Agreement, is expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties."   But Riot is, indeed, wrong to punish you for it, as your summoner name was chosen BEFORE Ghostcrawler joined Riot. Your act was perfect in every way and should not be challenged by any norm that only became valid way after it (in this case, Ghostcrawler joining Riot and his name becoming part of Riot's intellectual property).
1	Paying customers deserve a sense of entitlement, we are the ones funding their game. Our input is critical to the success of their business model, they still make money from you playing, regardless if you spend RP or not: You're giving them publicity by adding to their growing playerbase.   Not to mention their sponsored events will take into account the numbers of players they have and will pay Riot accordingly. i.e: Oh, we have  X  amount of users who are going to be notified you're sponsoring this event, we want this amount of money.   Riot did sell out though, when they sold off to that Korean company: Since then, they have been producing new champions each week. Each for 975RP and each of them completely overpowered for the game mechanics, which is why people buy them, for that edge over the game until the next patch. Don't let them fool you, they are making a lot of money, if they weren't: They simply wouldn't continue hosting the game.   Now, when people start bashing on Riot on the forums because of some down time or something like that: That's wrong. People shouldn't do that, but complaining over something they expect you to buy with RP and not being able to have it permanently, yeah, that's justified.
1	I have to agree, I was in Silver 1 for whole season, almost gave up cuz I kept on failing my promos, needed 100 games to get to gold 5 when I finally make it I went into winstreak through whole gold, once in gold 1 I lost 2-3 games and then again got to promos, was 2/0 in first promos and sucked the next 3 games -.-", won 2 and got back intro promos made'em and then again win streak in platinum( 1st. game in plat was a loose but stillm 15 games later I got promoted to plat 2   So.. 100games to get out of silver (got my MMR pretty high) 44 games glide through gold to plat and 16 games to get to plat 2.
0	I don't know about the Bronx, but i live in Brooklyn and when I moved into my new place, the supers son- a real douche- hit me up for 20 bucks he was short on. I obliged not wanting to start off on a bad foot with my neighbors. Kid said he'd put the money under my door. He never did, but in exchange he avoided me like the plague. After hearing multiple arguments with his mother the super and a Building mate saying he'd invited him to his place only to be magically robbed the next night( Xbox , laptop, tv) . Eventually the cops hauled him away not to be seen again.
1	You didn't read his post properly. He said false reports gets suspended for a week.   Also your
0	I have worked in a clinic that performed abortions in a really pro choice area and went with a friend to the local Planned parenthood for one. An ultrasound is an important part of the process. The woman's safety and the legality of the procedure depend on an accurate gestational age. Because of this, both places had across the board ultrasound dating requirements for anyone undergoing the procedure. This is not uncommon. Yes, the procedure sounds vulgar, but safety comes first. Transvaginal ultrasounds got a really bad rep due to this and it is not the procedure that is the bad guy(how do you think they are getting the fetus out? Through the vagina with a similarly shaped device.) It is the forcing women to look at the images or have it described to them that bothers me.
0	I looked up the chemical in your username. It sounds like the best thing ever. I would be interested in hearing more (in
1	I think what he means by a support jungler is not that he plays support junglers like Nunu, Alistar, Maokai, Nautilus, etc. It's that he supports his team in his game play. TOO used to listen to the calls of Reginald to control where he goes and what he does, usually letting TRM be independent top and letting Chaoxpecial take care of bot while ganking mid a lot to control mid game. More recently (after dyrus swap), he has been taking more charge and ganking top and bottom a lot more. Although, TOO still suffers from playing the support jungler role in his plays still. Unlike junglers like SV who are carry junglers who naturally take the lead and make plays based on their own understanding of the map and not what his teammates want him to do.
0	One of these days I was going about 100-110 km on the highway on the left lane (and the limit was 90), all of a sudden an Alfa Romeo starts tailgating me, kind of pissing me off, because I was already above the speed limit and the guy wanted to drive even faster than that. So I let him pass. After he's passed I go back to the left lane and start tailgating the asshole too, just like he did. My girlfriend was at the passenger seat at the time, we were going to her house and I needed to get the next exit, so naturally I stopped accelerating and look at my right rear view mirror so I could go to the right lane to go to the exit and suddenly my girlfriend screams. I look back and the car I was tailgating was WAY too close, so I hit the brake immediately and I'm able to reduce the speed before something happened. I could even hear the tires screaming (or whatever is the right definition) when I braked.   She said that the guy reduced his speed on purpose, but luckily nothing bad happened neither with the car nor with us.   Yes, I know I'm a fucking idiot and the lesson has been taught and that I must avoid getting stressed while driving or I'll get myself killed.
1	Quinn can actually be really really good, you just have to play her  right . Playing her like a standard ADC will get you nowhere. Your entire kit is really good at disrupting an enemy ADC in a fight, and while farming.   The ultimate (which is often drawn out as her biggest weakness, due to losing your auto-attack range) is actually an execute. You fight someone, and if they are able to get out of range, with low hp, you can ult, chase and kill. Your ultimate is a good escape / reengage tool for when the enemy has blown their hard cc, and your sick movespeed can get you where you want, fast. Quinn's ult is for the short pauses between fights, not for the fights themselves.   Another bonus: You can activate your ult, and upon rushing in with E, if you time the ult re-cast right, you can jump out, after delivering Skystrike.   The insane attack speed boost from your W in ult form makes her a really good splitpusher too; you push in the wave, get the turret and get out faster than a stealthed rengar with mobi boots can catch.
0	I found out the "fun" way after being rescued, TWICE from them, in the same day.   The first time, I didn't even know I was in a rip current. Here I am chillin' on a boogieboard, bobbing up and down n' shit when a lifeguard seemingly out of nowhere rolls up like "hey, you okay bro?" I'm like, "yeah, I'm cool." and he told me that I was "in a rip" and offered to take me back in to shore. Little did I realize I had been pushed so far away from land.   The second time my wife basically did the same thing. She got to the point where she couldn't touch the ground anymore, and started to panic, so I went to try and pull her back in, and, well, I didn't know there was a method to avoid them so I got caught too. Lucky for us two little girls where in trouble and were at the time being towed by The Incredible Hulk's little brother. He saw us and had us hitch on as he carried us all to safety.   Naturally, I googled the shit, and learned all that I could about them. Truth be told, he would have likely drowned himself while attempting to rescue the man.
0	I see this stuff on Reddit a lot but have never had the problem in life myself or heard of it happening, in the UK pretty much everyone at university moves into a house with some friends, and it seems to work fine most of the time. The worst that I'm aware of happening is that one person turns out to be annoying to live with in some manner, nothing big.   Either the people saying this stuff on Reddit exaggerate a shit tonne or they're the annoying one in your average house. The adult thing to do is to tell people if they're doing something that's bothering you when you live together, and them likewise. If you're not childish most issues are easily fixed.   I've only been at uni a short time so I haven't experienced everything, but my house has had a larger than usual turnover of people because various international students on short stays rented a room off my friend, who owns it and lives in it with us. If a Brahmin and a rabid carnivore can share a house and like each other most issues are resolvable imo.   And my brother lived with someone who is still one of his best friends years later.   I feel that if you're not a social pillock or a massive arse then living with friends is going to work fine, and the more your interests align the more fine it'll probably be. Anyway I've rambled a bit but I hope I got my point across.
1	I think she is fine at Bronze and Silver Elo as a support with Cait, so long as the player is good.  The build HAS to be Faerie Charm, 4 Wards, Manapot with Mpen Red, Gold/10 Yellow, Flat AP Quint/Blue.  I believe that you go as far into Util to get up to bonus ward / biscuit / starting gold and the rest into offense.  First back she has to get Tear, and as many wards as she can afford.   The key to this whole thing is that you don't need early game boots (because of brush and Cait traps in brush) and an early Tear means you have the Mana to both poke very hard (which Cait can finish with her Ult) and leverage the same strength that Nunu has with Cait (the attack speed steriod on her heal) and Sustain better than Nunu.  Nid can also use cougar form to Regen mana by spamming.   The next items in order of importance are: Sightstone, Kage's Pick, Normal Boots, (Ruby Sightstone), CDR Boots, Morellonomicon, Archangels Staff (which will instantly upgrade).  Oracle is really strong in the Mid Game because with proper warding from your Sight stone you can clear wards in dangerous places because of your ability to go through walls and move quickly through the Jungle.  Ruby sightstone is optional (if your team is warding too) because of the fact that the combination of Nid and Caits trams tend to keep vision up extremely well.  Nid should always prioritize human form in team fights for 2 reasons, 1) Cat form will have no durability 2) Heals / Traps and Spears are really your only way to assure an assist on kills (often Heal is the best way).
0	My girlfriend always thought vibrators were kind of silly.   A couple months ago one of her female coworkers hosted a dildo party.  Yes, a dildo party.  It's like a tupperware party, except they're selling dildos.  She thought it would be funny, so she went.   The next day we're getting it on and she pulls out a ten-speed vibrator, some flavored lube to suck off of me, and some magic oil that makes her clit feel like it's going to explode.
0	This is, by far, the worst evidence that has ever been provided for the subject.   First, you pulled a list of  outdated   college ratings . Not only do the educational institutes of a country not define its state in "science and technology" (a  very  broad and general field, by the way) but you did not even bother to read how the ratings are determined: >Ranking indicators include alumni and staff winning Nobel Prizes and Fields Medals, Highly Cited Researchers, articles indexed in Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCIE) and Social Science Citation Index (SSCI). Two new indicators were introduced, one is the percentage of articles published in the top 20% journals of each field, and the other is the engineering research expenditure. [(Source)](   These colleges and universities are home to more than 700,000 students [(source)]( from foreign countries that serve as representatives of their universities, not their countries. If you were to say that the United States is the largest ground for scientific experimentation would be an other, better-constructed statement.   Second, you provided a "technology index." The website's definition for ranking a country based on "technology" is: >The technology index denotes the country's technological readiness. This index is created with such indicators as companies spending on R&D, the creativity of its scientific community, personal computer and internet penetration rates.   Now, "companies spending on R&D" should raise a huge flag since it is privately funded and does not necessarily promote advances in technology. Second, "The creativity of its scientific community" who is the judge of that?!. And to me "personal computer and internet penetration rates" just sounds like consumer capitalism, which is a huge part of American life only and does not adequately represent the technology advances of other countries.
1	Exactly, Fiddlesticks is only about map awareness and doing good ults at every cooldown. The more you learn in game knowledge, the more you will climb, whatever are your mechanics.   There is little to know about fiddle's mechanics, maybe only the distance that can be covered by a max range ult+flash, and the best points to ult from (you can go very, very far, since if you ult in a thick wall you tp at the other side).   Imo, his only real weakness is the quite long CD on ult. I can't get why he isn't a 100% pick/ban in soloQ, especially at lower rankings where nothing serious is likely to happen during the CD of the ult.   Warwick is about the same, except you have a low CD on ult and can gank every minut or so as soon as you are 6, and with w you can take objectives very efficiently after a good gank. The only mechanic to know is the orbwalking thing to stick to an ennemy after the ult.
1	Sometimes duos are funny. Before the recent duo queue changes, I was put with a Silver V duoing with a Diamond V. Everything was fine at first but then the Diamond player started raging at everything, calling his duo all kinds of names and such. I guess the Diamond wound up reporting his duo after game.
0	Basically the Paleo diet is based upon what our ancestors diet in the Paleolithic period consumed(mostly meats veggies and fatty foods, and abstaining from grains).  The principle is that evolution of our digestive system and knowing what our bodies are meant to consume can help lead a healthier life often with many people attaining a healthy weight and body.  So the diet is based on evolution and that's the humorous part of this was her lack of understanding the principles. [r/paleo]( to learn about it more.
0	I don't think any Bostonian considers the city strong BECAUSE it was attacked. I think we consider the city strong because one of the largest metropolitan areas in the world was successfully put on lockdown by the police in a successful manhunt, something that would be unthinkable in most cities (can you imagine all of the people complaining about the inconvenience?). Also, not a SINGLE bombing victim who made it to a hospital alive died. This is a huge testament to the quality of Boston EMS and its hospitals, not to mention all of the bystanders who jumped in to give first aid within seconds of the explosions. Those are what make us proud to be from this city.
0	Ok, so interesting story.  I've had a bottle sitting in my fridge for about a year or maybe a bit more.   I'm in college now and every morning, since I don't really like the breakfast food, I cover my eggs and potatoes in sriracha. I usually use why I would estimate to be 6 tablespoons or so, in order that there is no space larger than a square inch uncovered in sauce. On a dare I ate a spoonful by itself. Not too bad.   I come home and get some sriracha from my fridge to add to eggs.  I spray a decent amount over my eggs, and notice its a bit darker than usual, but the same consistency.  I take a bite of  my eggs, and its like a firey death explosion in my mouth (ok its not that bad) but somehow it has fermented into a much much hotter sauce.
0	Yeah, but that would still make him a 'fucking idiot' that is trying  not  to be a fucking idiot anymore. I'll take someone legitimately curious over something I find obvious a thousand times over someone who tries to pretend to know what they're talking about.
0	Alright. We need to make a distinction. There is pure water, which is tasteless (H2O, as in the pure chemical). There is bottled water, which has controlled impurities. There is tap water, which is controlled, but differ from system to system. Pipe conditions, length of travel, water standards, and many other things affect this. Then there is spring water which filters itself of many non-desired impurities, but is never 100% safe, given that there is very little control in the process. People need to state which water they are talking about, because there is a lots of confusing statements in this thread.
1	Well eventually the soviets made it a puppet state. Some stuff changed, they made sure the government was under their control, did their usual communist thing and had the pdpa promote state atheistm but nothing that turned it into the shithole it is today. Then they left.. +-4 years later it became an Islamic state. The Taliban formed  (they were invited to join the elections at one point but supposedly did not believe in the democratic system) and eventually took over the country, massacred the previous government with support from Pakistan, Saoudi Arabia and Al Qaida and so on and made it the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. (at least the part they captured. There was still a bit under control by the so called Northern Alliance)
1	I do agree that they fill similar roles, I still believe the counter play involved was much more difficult vs nid than vs ziggs. You have already suggested some fair points, but I will just go over ones that I believe you need to consider or reconsider:   Ziggs:     Q vs Q ziggs Q is easier to dodge. Here you did not take into account missle speed. There is the speed of which you can throw the initial bomb, which can explode at max range of 1000 (including radius of explosion) and then bounce further at a much lower missile speed. making it much easier to dodge bounces. Indeed you have the ability to block the ability, but you did not consider the fact about just hitting the ability all together. Nid spear will hit anything in its path from 0-1500 range, where as ziggs if you may throw over a certain target allowing a risk reward situation. Attempt to anticipate the path they are going and they have another option to juke it by going towards you. Vs nid its either move to the side or don't be in 1500 range. Ziggs has a hole in just main dmg ability that nid spear did not have and would do the same dmg as a bomb to the one target in that hole.     Dmg. I believe you mis-calculate the likeliness of hitting a spear more than 525 range. To put in perspective, does nid put herself in ADC range (which seems to be a min of 525 and median of 550)? And in your thought process is that anything over the min damage range for a spear is higher value. What I believe you underestimate is the the amount of dmg that comes out because of the dmg multiplier for distance. Getting hit by a spear that hits for with a 100% multiplier is getting hit by 2. that's being hit by 2 ziggs Qs at once. With that, we have an ability that on a cd that's 33% more than ziggs can hit for 250% more if hit on a single target. Whether your intention is max dmg to a team or to one person has not been taken into account yet, but I would believe the ability to take 1 person out of a fight is an easier win than trying to take out multiple at once.     Now that brings me to kit for poking. Spamable abilities like these are all that's needed in poke. Just one ability with high dmg and low cooldown. Arguably, whether it's Aoe or Single target it doesn't matter in a lot of cases. you're looking to hit targets and get them low until they are deemed unfit to fight. So the rest of the kit, could be anything, and a kit full of escapes and utility would probably prevail for the purpose of poking and keeping the poker a live. Ziggs a little more of a teamplayer in that respect. 2 CCs and obviously CCs help everyone on your team by preventing the enemy from doing anything. where as nid has an escape, a passive situational MS buff and a heal.
1	Hi Reddit,   This is SeasonsCall here with a post directed to the lower elo community (silver-bronze) about understanding the assassin class.   You may remember me from a post a while back about how I managed to get into Diamond (im still stuck btw lol). But even if I have trouble climbing the ladder, after recieving a lot of positive feedback from my article I thought I would try to contribute more to the League community by writing more content.   So if you guys have any legitimate constructive criticism, lay it on me. If there is anything you guys want to see then let me know and I will try to create it. Any likes or dislikes about how this is written are things I would like to know so I can improve the quality of my future content.   Thanks   SeasonsCall
0	I work in a computer repair bay... Sometimes shit just breaks. There are heat failsafes built into modern (and ancient) CPUs that will halt them when they hit a certain temperature. Leaving a system under load for extended periods of time is not abnormal, though not recommended for your electricity bill.   That said, what error is it spitting out on you? Is it cycling power at all? Are you getting bios beeps? Are you getting the bios screen at all?   As a general check over, here's a few things you can do:   1) Check the motherboard for swollen capacitors. Google them to see what they look like. Swollen caps=bad mobo. You can buy a new board, or replace the caps if you know how.   2) Pull the GPU, and power up using only the onboard graphics. This will let you know if the GPU is the problem part.   3) Pull the ram, alternate sticks in the first ram slot. If all sticks still fail to boot, move to the third. If a stick of ram has failed, this will let you know which one.   4) If your machine isn't cycling power at all, I will bet money that your PSU just fried. Could be a surge, could be bad capacitors. Try another PSU (best buy has a fantastic return policy. Buy one from there, use it to test, then return it).   Your roommate reacted poorly, but that doesn't automatically make it his fault. Check the hardware, it's probably a relatively (<$100-200) cheap fix. Computers are hard to break, they tend instead to fail. There's a huge difference between those two; try not to kill the poor guy :)
1	insert generic response to elo hell topic wardscarryselflearn1champetcetcetcetc
0	So I live in a big apartment with my roommate. Back in December we had a new roommate who paid his rent late, who ate our food etc. Classic scumbag, but he was a friend so it was cool.   After a few weeks we realized he was using our shampoo, soap and deodorant. So my roommate asked him "What the fuck?", and he said he had no money, but he'd buy some soon. 2 weeks later he was still using all our stuff.   Then one day I found out he was regularly using my roommate's electric razor to shave his balls and asshole... and he never cleaned it... my roommate had to clean it herself before using it. And he broke it.   What. the. fuck. So my roommate decided to hide her stuff, and lock it. We talked to him about it, and he started screaming, saying it was normal to share everything and that we were selfish... he moved out the same day. Of course the whole time he had always enough money for alcohol, cigarettes, clothes, soda and junk food.
0	This sort of shit really annoys me. There is nothing worse when stuck in traffic on a bike and the dickhead behind you wants to sit a foot of off your back wheel. It's even more fun when travelling in excess of 60km/hr.
0	There is a Russian man who lives at the nursing home I work at who is quite demented, aggressive, and speaks barely any English. He mostly walks around muttering in Russian and often attacks (verbally and physically) other residents and staff. There's a Russian lady, 'L', who works with us and she often chats with him as she is the only one who speaks his native language.   I often ask her what they talk about and she said usually he just walks around spitting profanities in Russian and mumbling incoherent thoughts. However one day he was acting unusually aggressive and the police had to be called. L and the man paced the courtyard as she attempting to calm him. She offered him a cigarette. He took the cigarette, but before lighting it, sniffed it and commented that it was a menthol cigarette. He told her that for many years, he was trained to sniff all cigarettes before smoking them in case someone tried to poison him. L inquired as to why and eventually he confided in her that he was a high ranking officer in the KGB in the Soviet Union. He had been involved in quite a lot of nasty stuff, including cutting off a child molester's testicles, and he most certainly ended a few unfortunate lives. He spoke 5 languages fluently, knew how to use all manner of lethal weapons, rubbed shoulders with the Soviet elite and was basically the most bad-ass Russian spy around.   Fast forward 40 years later and he is stuck in a nursing home in Australia with no family, friends or knowledge of English. Its crazy how this man has probably seen more stuff in his lifetime than most of us ever will, combined. Its also crazy how fate has put him in this situation where no one understands him and unfortunately, many don't seem to give him much attention at all. Most people just shrug him off as a crazy Russian guy who has no idea what is going on. You're absolutely right in saying that dementia leaves you as a shell of your former self and deconstructs you as a human until you are basically nothing. Its very sad. It really opened my eyes to the fact that all these people have lived such extraordinary lives and have so much experience. Everyone should take some time to appreciate the elderly and all they have lived through.
0	I'm among the 30%. I think the majority of people that share this gene are just too dumb to realize that its not supposed to taste that way. They keep eating it and thinking "gosh this sure is a strong flavor. I am very sophisticated to enjoy it, just like everyone else who likes it."
1	Hello everyone, I'm TheGamerDescend, and I am starting to post YouTube videos, my YouTube channel is www.youtube.com/TheGamerDescend I'll try to post videos every Saturday and sometimes randomly throughout the week. My YouTube videos will sometimes be educational, and other times be just pure commentary that may or may not be funny, it just depends on your sense of humor. I also have a Twitter (twitter.com/TheGamerDescend) and Facebook (facebook.com/TheGamerDescend). I'll try to keep people updated as I do things, and when I stream at twitch.tv/theancestrialgamer hope some of you come and check me out!   -
1	Ya'll have randomed downtime, they have literally not been able to do anything for 5 days. Please stop blaming Riot in general, Each different server is manned by different people. Blame the people running YOUR server, not the NA server not the KR server. YOURS.
0	I don't care about the downvotes I get for this as long as I'm understood.   I have very little money right now, yet I have no problem lending my friends gas money when they need it or grabbing a burger for them from McDonald's or something.  Essentially, whenever I do something like that, I'm usually donating somewhere between 10% - 40% of my entire wealth to them.   Bill Gates sits a little differently for me.  See, when I give that money away, it impacts my daily status of living right then and there.  For every dollar I give, I don't have a dollar that I was going to spend.   Bill Gates can give away millions and then many more millions and he will still be buying all the shit that he wants, because he's got it like that.   I appreciate the money that he gives that goes towards improving other people's lives, but I'm not going to act like the guy is some kind of saint because it's not like he's giving something that he needs.
1	My theory on this stuff and the new icon system:  "So this new system for icon earning, I figured it out. Purely because I am obsessed with lore. The rules for the new system are you need to win 10 games with 1 of the three lower level icons everyone will have. If you do so without swapping your icon to one of the other 3 lower level ones then you unlock a higher level icon. You can only have 1 of the higher level icons owned at any time. Seems cool and nifty but why these rules? Well we got to look at all the lore stuff they are doing. three groups are now waring in Freljord. Trundle trading his tribe for his life to the Ice Queen as one of the groups. Anivia finding an ally in Ashe for another. And Volibear teaming up with Senjuani to defeat the darkness for the third group. Three icons - Three groups. My prediction for the icons is that the three basic ones will be Trundle, Volibear, and Anivia. Using one for ten game wins gives you the force they joins icons (Ashe, Senjuani, or Lissandra). I'm assuming the reason for only being able to pick one is they want you to pick sides. There is going to be some huge event coming to League soon to release all this and they want us on different teams for it. I really hope I am right, and that this turns out as awesome as it could be. It also is a reason for them using placeholder images for the testing on PBE.
0	If anyone wants to get into podcasts, try Startalk or Sleepycabin. Startalk is with Neil DeGrasse Tyson and it's actually very entertaining and interesting. Sleepycabin is funny as hell in my opinion, worth trying if you have a darker sense of humor.
1	I was raised on 2 languages. My father only spoke english with me and my mother only spoke german. When I moved from Germany to the US I spent the next 14 years here speaking primarily English and only having my mother and family back in Germany to speak German with. I go back to Germany every year and despite the fact that I grew up on both languages and speak both every day of my life and am fluent in both I still find it difficult to express myself IN THE IDEAL WAY on difficult topics. It's a perfectly normal thing. Some people are exceptionally gifted with their language skills and can think about a deep topic and translate that into a second language but the average person cannot.
0	I stabbed a kid with a mechanical pencil in the shoulder. he bled like crazy. We both got suspended for a few days because I stabbed him for shooting a rubber band at me. Looking back at it the only thing I regret was using a pencil because I could have been charged with assault with   weapon . I should have just punched him.
0	Why drive at all?   To get from A - B quicker than normal? To avoid the use of public transport? Convenience? It's your job? Physically impaired to walk? Because you enjoy driving? The list goes on   Yes you're right, some people should never drive sober, but two wrongs don't make a right. Yes, it's not heinous to drive under influence but you are making yourself less able than normal... why? What benefit is there? When doing things that risk lives, why would you ever, ever, not take every precaution you can to ensure you don't manage to kill others or yourself?
1	Exactly this. Rango's one of my favorite champions, but he's been in buff/nerf limbo for so long that I'd rather they rework him from the ground up.   At the moment, Rengar, if played 'properly', can 1 shot the ADC/APC without  any  chance of them responding accordingly. (Triple-Q+Hydra+Ignite=Kill, always) It's simply due to the nature of his kit, items that glass cannon Rengar gets + his insane combo scaling. (Thing is, they don't want to take away his stealth but it's so uncounter-able that they're giving enemies a headsup when he uses it as well.)
0	It is incredibly frustrating when I find out that a grad student, adjunct, or part-time professor is teaching a course. During my sophomore year the department head of my major, along with a few other professors, quit unexpectedly and on bad terms right before our Winter term started (I'm on 10 week trimesters). While they may have been angry at my college for whatever reason, their actions hurt the students more than anything. My college scrambled to find people to teach the now empty courses.   For the following year they had to modify nearly all of the courses in my major to be 1.5 credit classes instead of 3 credit classes (the workload is the almost the same as a 3 credit class though). Pretty much all of my classes from sophomore year to the present (senior year) were/are taught by grad students, adjuncts, or part-time professors.   My tuition is not locked and it goes up slightly every year (I go to a private liberal arts college...). I'm actually paying more in tuition for crappy professors, who have shit office hours if any at all, and a super condensed and poorly taught curriculum. I understand its not easy shoving 3 credits worth of material into 1.5 credits and the fact that most of them meet once a week for only 10 weeks doesn't help.   The grad students/adjuncts/part-timers are generally more likely to cancel class unexpectedly and at the same time are the most resistant to excusing student absences because we only meet 10 times. I know the situation isn't the fault of the part-time replacement professors, although, in my experience, they aren't making the situation any better. I'm more pissed off at my college because the whole situation is complete bullshit.
1	Win rates are a horrible way to look at a champion's strength because a champion's popularity can skew their results.   Look at Yasuo a few patches ago: he was absolutely overpowered in many team compositions and almost impossible to reliably fight if the opponent had any experience on the champion. This led to massive amounts of people both banning Yasuo and playing him without the necessary experience or understanding of his mechanics. This skewed the statistics because you had a large amount of unskilled players prioritizing him as a pick when they had no idea how to play him. This does not change the fact that he was still an immensely powerful (honestly overpowered) champion.   This argument applies as well to Lucian, pre-nerf Leblanc, Lee Sin, pre-nerf Elise, etc.
0	The entitlement thing is easier to understand if you include in the equation that the costs of a college education have risen dramatically, even accounting for inflation.  (A recent post I saw on reddit said 300% increase, accounting for inflation.)  The cost of living has also increased.  Wages for jobs that a high school educated human could get hired for: not keeping up with inflation.  It isn't so easy to "put [yourself] through college unless you are willing to take on enormous debt (as I did because my family did not have the means to contribute to my education).  I worked so as to take out as few loans as possible and I also had a partial scholarship for my post-graduate work.  I still left with debt I will be saddled with for many years.
1	I'll give you some reasons on why he is perma(not really) banned:   SoloQue:   1) He is permabanned because soloque is easy to stomp with global ultimates and since people don't have communication as a team of 5 things will get chaotic against global teams.   2) Global heroes are mostly banned but the top 2 notable bans are Twisted Fate and Shen.   3) Split pushing ability is strong.   Competitive Play:   1) Some teams specialize and uses Shen in their team comps such as Korean teams favor Shen because it can either be top or jungle and it gives them just so much presence at lvl 6 because of their ultimates.   Now, in competitive plays, people ban Shen to deny them their comps or just to deny a specific strategy.   In Soloque, people ban Twisted Fate and Shen because of their global Ultimates.   Shen has been tweaked alot and is currently in a pretty good stage, his damage isn't too high and his ultimate cooldown is in the right place. They made the energy costs efficient better than before so.
0	As a guy sometimes I'm frustrated by being in his situation.   I like a cool girl and would maybe sleep with her once, but i'm looking for a specific personality type for a long-term relationship, so I'd rather just stay friends because we get along. Then the girl starts to like me and then has this entitled attitude that "I dont understand why he doesnt like me, i'm pretty hot" --not really respecting the fact that I'm human and might have very specific tastes in who I want to be involved with
1	You obviously have no idea   A: What the definition of Technical is( You don't deserve this, but I'll indulge your ignorance.   B. You can't read.
0	Because she can't separate the condoms and your sexuality in her mind, and is having nasty intrusive thoughts that she's denying by hiding the condoms from sight rather than you.
1	ward kills were funny and ok to cheer for... for the first 12-20 wards. but when the game draws out like this with little to no fights, of course the crowds going to be bored and make best of the situation, which i feel that shouldn't be a thing.
1	The effort that goes into a khazix skin is a lot more than other champions due to the nature of khazix and all of the different models.  Khazix will get the skin out of pure practicality on RIOT's end.  Khazix, like Udyr, is a pain in the ass to make a skin for (whether legendary or 1350) so might as well get him over with and do the ultimate for him.
1	So I main kha, have about 100 ranked games with him in the jungle, and all the people talk about the "nerf" and his clear time. But really he got buffed, his ulti got changed and is now 2 seconds of invis instead of 1. at full has 6 seconds of invis during a team fight which resets your passive 3 times, this is huge and can totally turn a team. Sure his clear is hurt but it was never fantastic until you get hydra, and hydra is more than enough to up your clear time.
1	The one thing I don't understand is why does esports have to reach legitimacy in the public eye?  People talk about it all the time, but I don't see why.  With how things are now, we (the fans) have a lot of control over how things are.  We lose that if things get bigger and more controlled by corporate sponsors.
1	I started playing League last year at the start of season 3. I got to level 30 right before the summer (being a busy college student, getting to level 30 takes forever). Never got enough motivation to play ranked right away. Coincidentally the new aram queue and map just came out, so instead of normals or ranked, I just played aram the entire summer. As it turns out, aram really improves your mechanics and team fight abilities, but my map awareness and objective controls on SR are so terrible. So as of a week ago, I got placed in Silver 1 by playing Graves 7/10 placement games. Right now, I'm Silver 1 with 100 normals wins 250 aram wins, and 8 ranked wins in my belt.
0	I find that the show to be very sensationalized, and especially in its early seasons but also throughout its run it has very dishonest portrayals of people. However its portrayal of victims and the myriad reasons they have to be reluctant to come forward and share their experiences only begins to shed light on the horrible experiences that some unfortunate people have gone through.   The show is fiction and the characters on it are not real, but when the things that happen in the show happen to actual people it's a manifestation of the totally real tragedies that humans inflict on each other.   Whether it's said by Olivia Benson, Mariska Hargitay, or any other person fact or fiction, the case remains that if you are the victim of a sexual assault, it is absolutely not your fault. It's the fault of the total asshat who did the deed. People, believe it or not, have control over their own actions and if they do evil things for selfish reasons then any claims of temptation or leading behavior are just excuses for not having the capacity to be a decent human being.
1	As a hockey player, I'd just like to say that you obviously don't love hockey. If you did you'd realize half the game isn't just big guys brawling it out.   Yes, there are fights, but that's to be expected from a high contact sport. Fighting is a small part of the game.  The best way I can describe it is like crashes in NASCAR. It's what a lot of people who aren't into it think of when it's brought up and is the most exciting part for them.
1	you are mixing up something. the flame for twitch was all about their stream quality - their stream lags/framedrops. twitch got a lot better now, but sometimes the good old problems seem to appear again.   the hatred concerning own3d started a long long time ago - i guess right when TSM switched to twitch. own3d has been paying their streamers with some huge delay.
0	It's not that you have chosen not to emphasis religion from an early age, it's that your cover story is so poorly thought out and frankly, juvenile. Like it or not, religion has been an integral part of society since we first started painting on cave walls. I am pretty non-religious myself, but to not acknowledge religions impact on every single facet of our daily lives is short sighted and frankly, a disservice to your child. To compare a millennia old tradition to Chocolate Egg Celebration Day is insultingly simple and perpetuates the stigma of Americans as material and shallow. (That you are American is my assumption.) You can't be the only source of information for your child, as proven by your parents, and I'm pretty sure the other children aren't going to be gentle when he/she pipes up about Chocolate Egg Day at school.
1	It's probably not throwing up. Considering he eats people, animals whole including clothes and armor, it would be insane to expect him to process metals and hair through his body, so he really wouldnt need any gastronomical organs outside of a highly acidic stomach and an absorbant lining for the nutrition, He probably has no biological organs for waste disposal, so he's just throwing up his unneeded/unproccessable food.
1	Imagine this: A wwebsite, say solomid, clg or so many others, they have replays for high level teams, replays for tourney games, replays that would tinkle your fancy. Say, you discover you like playing the AD carry role. Hmm.. How could you say, improve at that role at a faster pace ?   Sure, watching streams is good, but you can't always find the stream with what you need at said time. Now, you have replays there, and say, there are 50 competitive fresh games with the likes of Chaox, CandyPanda etc. Just download it, load it and study their moves, decisions and the like. It's WAY easier to understand why someone does something by being able to watch them at your own pace.   You could even fast forward and move the replay back to something you found of interesting, you could watch a team fight for tens of times to understand why one team won and what they did better than the other team.   Are you feeling me ?   The value of the replay tool in a competitive game environment is immeasurable. It isn't something that should be there, it's something that MUST be there, from the start.   In my opinion, and I say this as humbly as possible, if we had the replay feature one year ago, the game would have grown competitively at least five times as much. My reason for this being: EVERYONE has access to games thus, everyone can comment on said games, people might begin getting some popularity, they could start hosting their own tourneys and casting them because they feel they belong in the community.   Right now, the commenter community is pretty small in LoL, if we had the replay feature, it could even grow to the size of the SC2 community.
0	Yeah I didn't get halo 4 because of this. I was insulted for thinking I'm better than everyone else and that kids buying halo 4 dosn't mean they will be little dicks.   It's all hype and never actually happens.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently  one  of the best sites to get trusty (is this how you say it ? :> ) information. Don't go to MOBAfire, it is quite unreliable but on Solomid, Guides need to be approved by the Solomid-team + TSM (a pro team) makes guides themselves.   I know that when I started playing a year ago and found out the recommended items sucked, I'd pick my champion go to a site and look up my build. You don't need to memorize it, when you need to buy something you "Alt+Tb", pick your browser screen and look what items are viable on your champion.  You can follow the standard build if you don't feel confident enough yet or you can pick more Magic resists/armor/damage (depends on if you are losing/winning lane) in the items that are selected as 'good' for your chosen champion. Either way is better than following recommended and if you do just follow the standard builds, don't worry. The longer you play, the more confident you'll get in picking what items are the best in what situation.
1	There's a 10% chance you're Kira
1	I had never even considered getting Spirit Visage, mostly because I forget that it exists.  :P  Thanks for reminding me!   So here's my problem: I tried a tanky(ish) build last game and was able to do absolutely nothing late game.  I was against a Xin top, and got sunfire first then Hydra for lolz (dat push), and had merc treads and SV, then BC at the end, but I was still unable to do any damage, and my tankiness only made it so I was the last of my team to die in the teamfights.  Should I have still tried to go brutalizer first in that matchup?  And should I use 21 9 or 9 21 (or something thereabouts)?  I feel like my tanky masteries aren't that useful on Rene because he benefits so much from AD.   Also in case you were curious I run the standard arm pen reds, armor yellows, mr per lvl blues and ad quints.   I've been in a bit of a Renekton slump the last few weeks... In S2 I completely dominated every single lane matchup (aside from pantheon, seriously fuck that guy), and the beginning of S2 I would rush the new BotrK and then bruta and just stomp all over everyone mid game.  I'm sure the fact that I'm in Silver makes it a little more understandable because Silver players' kiting isn't going to be as good as higher leagues, but I do feel like I'm a pretty damn good Renekton player.   Anyways, cool story bro,
1	Actually I wasn't being condescending to OP,  I was mearly stating that he was proud of his achievement and wanted to show it to reddit rather than  it being informative like the title would suggest.
0	if you had a non-healthy baby, wouldn't it be your or your wife's genes at fault? and if you ever do discover your baby is unhealthy while in the womb, it'd be much more beneficial to all humankind if you were to kill both your wife and yourself as well, as in the future, you would only be giving to the earth and society, weak, defected dna which you unknowlingly spread throughout the world like a plague.
0	accident   aksidnt/Submit   noun   1. an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury. "he had an accident at the factory"   synonyms:    mishap, misadventure, unfortunate incident, mischance, misfortune, disaster, tragedy, catastrophe, calamity;   a crash involving road or other vehicles, typically one that causes serious damage or injury. "four people were killed in a car accident"   synonyms:    crash, collision, smash, bump, car crash;   informal used euphemistically to refer to an incidence of incontinence, typically by a child or an animal.   2. an event that happens by chance or that is without apparent or deliberate cause. "the pregnancy was an accident"
1	My fellow brother, i didn't steal it. enemy jinx. if you wouldn't be so much into that
1	Initial problem I have with this is that one of the main reasons AD/Support goes bot is because the Support can utilise the bush to effectively zone the enemy champions out of creep score, and this is basically impossible at mid lane. In addition, it wouldn't be that difficult for certain champions (Galio, Karthus) to simply passive farm whilst putting themselves at very little risk. Meanwhile your AP who is bot could be completely zoned out of CS by an intelligent AD/Support combo.   How it would end up would be (I believe)- 2 Underfarmed/Underlevelled JungleSupports 1 Underlevelled but well farmed Mid 1 Standard Top Laner (who receives infrequent ganks from underlevelled junglers). 1 Well-levelled but underfarmed Bot Solo   In addition, in the event that the enemy team simply pulls through all these shenanigans and do not fall behind in kills, they will end the game more levelled, more farmed and also with the advantage that probably you are going to have to utilise 2 Smites, which weakens your team slightly in teamfights.
0	That's not the point though. Until the last 100 years or so, infant mortality in a single parent family was astronomically high. This makes loyalty in males a second important characteristic besides being physically capable of defending, hunting, etc. However, the number of men with good physical qualities, disease immunity, and loyalty in their genes is rather low. So the female strategy evolved of 'marrying' the loyal male with otherwise mediocre genes, having the child of the male with sexy fit genes, and having the loyal male raise it when the sexy male is off banging the next female. It isn't our moral ideal, but it did maximize the probability that our ancestors' children would live long enough to reproduce.
1	You still should leave the ban at only the person's account.  Banning all content was uncalled for no matter the reason for it.  If they don't want to read his articles then they don't need to read it, his content is on a, mostly, credible website in The Daily Dot.  His articles aren't ever anything terrible and for many people seeing it on this sub is the best way for them to find RL's articles.  He typically gets news headlines days or even weeks ahead of other e-sports reporters and the information he provides are valuable to followers of League.   His content is League related, more so that a lot of things that hit the front page, but just because of his cruel remarks we no longer have the same access to his information.
1	Well I'm just pointing out the possibility that you  are living life with a shade over your eyes that dilutes human values to your stereotypical or static views.
1	I'd say he knows very well he fucked up, and the totally blaming yourself is definitely the way to get better, but sometimes it legitimately is mostly someone else's fault. You made a mistake by assuming they would respond appropriately, but they made a bigger mistake by reacting like they did.   Don't know where I'm going with this, kind of defending him to an extent and agreeing with you at the same time I guess.   Even an absolutely perfect player cannot carry 4 people who absolutely suck and feed 20 kills in 5 minutes.
1	Okay, I'm a 30 year old man working in the sales department of a big company and I just want to say: Welcome to free market economy. Never trust anyone!   Big companies, despite the positive reputation they might have built up, are going for profit. There is no point of running a company of this size if you're not interested in increasing turnover. And profits need straight business plans including good PR.   My point is that Riot "tricked" him because they wanted full control over how the story was going to be delivered. If Riot comes up first with publishing the news they can decide in which direction the whole thing develops. Lewis could have written something like "MILLER AND SMITH FIRED!" or "ESL POACHED MILLER AND DEMAN". You see the difference?
0	My Chinese friends have all told me one time or another all white people look alike :P Funny thing though... We were at the mall, and I'm with this Chinese chick I know. This Asian dude with a couple other Asian chicks with him was like "Oh do you go to PCC? Seems like I've seen you there before (Portland Community College)." My friends like, "No why, cos all Asians look the same?"  He repliby saying she just looked familiar and then asked "Are you Korean?" Even I can tell she isn't  Korean, yet this Asian dude (He was from Hong Kong) couldn't even tell that A) he didn't know her, and B) she isn't Korean...
1	I think what a lot of people don't remember is that rito don't have the ability to test champions in every possible matchup at every possible skill level, and thus, they can't make perfect revisions to champions, and most certainly can't appease everyone whenever they do make the decision to revise a champ.   Riot are probably still trying to improve their methods of balancing as they go along, and with more practice (aka live game updates) they will get better and better.  Especially since this is a team dedicated to doing just that.   So when people get angry and bash Riot for not knowing how to balance.. Well that's pretty nave.  You can't expect an entity, no matter how large the balance team may be, to be able to perform measurably perfect or even generally good when it comes to stuff with so many variables as balancing something in a game.
1	That's a stretch of an assumption, but possible I suppose... If not for this this post history in one day alone:   >clg should win this quite easily i'd imagine   >double/loco > cop/elementz hotshot > westrice nyjacky > jiji (currently) chauster > saint   ><3 hotshot, best personality   >'they need more time to practice with loco' if only if the majority of people on reddit can see this   >this. only reason i started watching competitive LoL was because of CLG/hotshot. i'll never stop supporting them :)   >the ironic thing is voyboy is hiding like a little fucking bitch in his room with at CLG's house   >are you guys forgetting that voyboy lost his lane almost every time against a decent team ;o   >wouldn't be surprised if most of the hate is from TSM fanboys   >edit; yeah you would delete your comment you tsm fanboy   >pretty cringe worthy since regi is a terrible player
1	Ok, let's think about this in terms of a teamfight (which is the main purpose of an adc IMO, considering they farm half the game to get strong enough to kill the entire enemy team and take objectives after fights).   Does Teemo do enough damage to win a teamfight with a full AD build (IE, PD, LW, etc.)? Probably, but his kit is just simply not an ADC kit. He has no AS steroid and no abilities that scale with AD. Sure, he can peel decently for himself with shrooms and Move Quick, but that's it. His damage spells all scale with AP, and it's not percentage damage, which means that it is virtually negligible in the grand scheme of a fight unless he builds AP. What's more, his passive AA poison does not stack, it simply refreshes with each AA. Compare that to Twitch, whose poison does true damage, stacks, and is a setup for a massive execute.   Literally all he brings to the table as an adc is the ability to peel and position due to his slow and movespeed buff. Let's compare that to the top ADC's:   Cait: Has a snare, an escape that slows and can go over walls, much higher AA range, long-range poke, and an execute.   Varus: Slow, %hp damage, AoE snare, long-range poke   Kog: See Varus (minus the snare, plus a reveal mechanic)   Vayne: Mobile invis (much better than stationary invis for a squishy DPS), massive speed and repositioning tools, kockback/stun, %hp true damage   Twitch: Slow, mobile invis, true damage poison, massive AoE execute, insanely stupid ult.   Draven: Kockback, bleed damage, movespeed buff, AA steroid that refreshes, ability to farm side waves, execute, or cause massive AoE damage in a fight with ult.   and Teemo: Can kinda peel for himself (slow/MS buff), very weak DoT, and a blind.   So ultimately, yes ADC Teeto CAN work, but it's vastly inferior in almost every respect to every common ADC, and there are even some nontraditional ADC's that would fare much better in the role than he does. IMO even AD Ahri would be vastly superior.
1	My story with Rumble is that I bought him when he was on sale cause I too had heard so much about how fun he is.   I did SO badly my first 10 games with him. I seemed to get dominated in lane even though Rumble is supposed to be the bully in lane. I couldn't seem to control the creepwave and kept pushing and getting ganked. I couldn't even do basic things like last hit with him cause my Q couldn't seem to tick at the right time.   Slowly though, I started to understand how to use him and slowly I got better and better with him. And now I consider Rumble one of my best champs.   So
0	In America as you approach a red light in the right most lane, the bike lane on the right hand side of the road turns into a right hand turn lane.  So if the person going straight in the right most lane at the red light  leaves enough room by staying to left side of the right most lane, they will leave enough room for other cars to go by them and allow them to turn right. Unfortunately most people going straight are terrible drivers and end up blocking the bike lane/right hand turn lane and force people to wait for the light to change so the car blocking them can go straight and they can turn right.   This turned out to be hard to explain.
0	Collision repair guy checking in:   All stock HID and LED Headlights have two areas of brightness, one for below the windshield of oncoming cars, and one for an area drivers will see coming the opposite direction. Obviously the lower area is much brighter and almost forms a perfect line before it becomes a more tolerable brightness.   This height is carefully set the manufacturer and should not be adjusted by the owner. In fact, the height of the left (oncoming traffic side)  headlight is actually lower than the right to be better for other drivers on 2 lane roads.   Aftermarket kits, even if they do have 2 brightness areas, are usually never aimed properly and are therefore blinding.   But for the record, the OEM LED headlights on the new Acura TLX are a little to bright for other drivers.
0	Sales tax is not a federal tax and can vary by county.  It is applied when they "ring you up". This is a single percentage that applies to all consumer purchases.  Other taxes, like those on cigarettes, are already in the listed price. The only tax tacked on at the end is sales tax.   Since these are state taxes, the treatment of them gets tricky across borders.  Living in NJ, I can order from Amazon and not be charged sales tax (this will likely change soon), but if have it delivered to my fiancee's house in NY, it is charged sales tax.  This has to do with whether the company has a physical presence in the state it is being delivered to (I am pretty sure, but not 100%).   Likewise, I bought an engagement ring from a guy in NY, but rather than pay at the shop, I had him mail it to me in NJ, and I didn't need to pay sales tax.
1	1) items give your champion better stats and make him stronger as a result. there are tons of guides on the internet. search for them and take them as a helpful guideline. you will get what items are good at which point through wathcing streams, high elo games or tournaments in general. For streams i suggest wingsofdeathx or voyboy for example. look also for videos on youtube.   2) when riot released the system, everyone got many honorable points (or teamwork, helpful, friendly) -> everyone got a ribbon (red for honorable for example) riot didnt like that so they made them almost impossible to get. they scale with your played games. if you get points frequently you get a ribbon, if not, you lose it.  i lost my red one as well. same for all the people i know. there are some "famous" people with ribbons, for example whitetigrex, a high elo 3v3 player. ribbons are too rare nowadays. riot needs to change that :/
1	Yeahhhh. I started ranked way too early, before I had any idea what I was doing. I was good at a few specific things, but my overall game and mechanics were absolutely terrible. Once I realized this, I thought "Hmm, well, ranked is a lot more competitive so I will learn to play better here than in normals". Which was true. I consistently outplay most silvers at this juncture (queue up with silver friends to do this).   I also thought "Once I am better, I'll move on up! Because I'm very much better." But here's the thing. I played way, way too many games before that point. After so many games without significant momentum, the matchmaker assumes you belong where you are, and practically inhibits your rise. I will consistently, now, be placed on teams with significantly lower mmr, division (sometimes league), and kda (losing from 2 minutes in, all lanes, in most cases) or placed on an extremely dominant team that has higher mmr, division/league, and kda that is winning from 2 minutes in. Unsurprisingly, it sticks with one or the other for 3 or 4 games straight, then switches to the other side.
1	Assuming you get first blood and make it to your first camp at 1:55 your next smite wont be up until 3:10 so you wont have it for your level 2 gank it is not usually up until i have walked from red to wolves. So by the time your second smite is up anyone you want to gank will be level 2 and they will already know you have first blood in your pocket. So they should not be pushing and be careful of that level 2 gank which is only possible under a weird distinct set of circumstances which occurs less than 1% of the time for vi players because vi is terrible at invades unless she starts q in which case she needs to get that first blood because her clear will be garbage because she started Q. If you're starting E you're probably not expecting a leash or starting blue where you're not smiting an attack speed debuff but a hit me debuff. Which is fine but you're still not soloing red at level 1 and if you do you will not be healthy enough for a meaningful gank.   You're entire premise is that you invaded as vi with Q and got first blood which is highly unlikely the only way i really see this happening is if a blitz or thresh pulls someone into your fully charged Q while they were already poked at level 1.
0	I'm NOT saying dump these kids into a barren basement for the school day. I'm also NOT saying that they should not be educated, nor am I saying that they should be isolated.   What I am saying is that I actually agree with OP - that funding for the bright kids should be more than the funding for children who need more support... with the caveat ... depending on the circumstance.
0	When I was younger, my mom worked at a small Mexican restaurant and she only worked on Weds, Thurs and Fridays . .turns out those were the busiest days (cause my mom was a bad ass cook, people would come in and ask "Is Katie working today?", if not, they left) . . one day, there were a group of guys that always go in there and they thought the food was extra good that day and gave a tip to the waitress and gave a tip to my mom  . .I mean $20 was a lot back in the day and my mom was happy about it . . turns out the waitress took the tip away and told her "Tips are only for waitresses" and my mom got upset about that since she pretty much does all the work, and makes the freaking product that they sell . . so she said "No, they gave that money to me" and the waitress and owner pretty much said "Sorry" . . . My mom finished up her day and quit . . . To this day, I've yet to find a great excuse as to why you shouldn't/can't tip the cook . . . I've done this many times . . at the Waffle House . .I'll tip the waitress . .then ask her "who cooked my food?" (waitress will always tell you because they often think something is wrong with the food and don't want to take the blame), then I tell the cook . . "Great food, it was cooked perfect" and hand them a little something . . That's just always been my thing  . . so I tip the person who made the food and the person who brought my food out and made sure my coffee cup was never empty.
1	bronze tier? my expertis!!   1)  dont play ad , no1 gonna cover you in teamfights. even your support gonna dive into 5 to get kills. and opposite way round, all 5 enemy try to get a piece of you, with their amazing gap closers with every new champ they released (thnx riot), so u have no chance at all. probably worst position to fill in a team at bronze tier.   also dont forget, ask for an aggressive support champ from your support player. if u cannot snowball in your lane, if u are 0/0/0 after 15 min, well ur screwed.  at the lol history, there is no game at bronze tier that ad carry won game with outfarming enemy ad carry, ever, never, and never will be   2)  dont play jungler , if u cant get a kill at your first gank in 4 min, ur totally screwed, dont bother to gank other lanes. because there will be at least 20 kills in 8-10 min, u cannot keep up with lanes with little jungle farming, u'll be so so weak. also probably top, mid or bot gonna play "whos the best pusher!!" all the game.   3)  dont play support with support build . u have to take aggressive supports, like leona, cc will be your best friend or go kayle for example, just buy sightstone, then build for dps/ap. dont buy aura items, it will be waste, because whatever u wrote, how many times u ping, u cannot gather 5 people around at all,  there will be "maybe" 1 teamfights at all, and its if game goes +40 min and enemy team pushes you to your base..   4)  dont play top if u cant handle heavy harrass at chat  , maybe u die with a gank and fb, then all the game goes and goes like " /all gg noob top report", when bot lane try to dragon without no reason, no wards around, 0 vision on map, even they dont lure darong out and they get caught in pit and die, yes its your fault "/all gg noob top no help report" ,  dont play with a farm depended champ , for example nasus. u have no time to farm your q for 20 min, while there will be at least 30 kills. also forget about farming, u need good roaming and snowball faster than enemy. u will be disappointed when u outfarm at top and your teammate fiddle jungler appears with lvl 4 with 300 hp in your bushes while enemy top have full hp +6 lvl full of summoner spells.. dont bother to ping million times to back off , he came all the way top and he is dedicated to this gank, he get the kill or get killed with his buffs on him.. anyhow, most of the games, every1 finishes under 100 cs. (except ad carries, sometimes they go over 100 cs somehow i dont know)   5) yes,  play mid . thats the only point u can do something, take a good roamer champ, go bot and top constantly, especially top, there will be no wards %99, push, roam and roam. snowball hard,   6)  dont say no to surrender ,  dont watch some high elo players that make plays and turn the game from 2/15 or something with 4v5, and think "yes we can", sorry but " no   you   can   not ". this is bronze, your adc eventually will decide to push top alone across the river or want to do baron , while u have 0 vision on map, ping like crazy and 1 of your teammates obey this ping, and 2 of them will die in the halfway baron, or some1 facecheck whats going around in your jungle while u cannot see 5 of the enemy.. dont waste your time.. this is bronze, say yes, u will lose 19 of 20 games if ur so behind.
1	Funny how everybody downvoted me when the patch-notes were on PBE and I said it was a buff not a nerf.  So many salty ADC mains telling me I was wrong and that 50 rnge is insurmountable.   Now he's banned because I was right, it was a buff, so much so that he's not even bugged and they've disabled him.
0	I. Hate. This. This is one of the reasons I decided to do a massive friend purge after college. For whatever reason, I have a really good memory when it comes to things I talk to people about and this translates to fb. If I saw someone IRL I would ask them how that test went or if they got that job or whatever. People got so creeped out! Now I'm only fb friends with people who appreciate the fact that I'm considerate and care about their lives.
1	Come on, it's not cheating.  When I released a jungler timer, I got plenty of ignorant people who complained it was cheating.  I continue to believe that anything that requires manual triggering, such as this program, is not cheating.  You can still keep track of the times any other way, such as pencil and paper or saying something in chat, but those aren't considered cheating.  In reality, there isn't a difference.
1	Some months ago a bug (or something else, I don't know what caused it) enabled us to play 6v6 on TT and the whole game usually transformed into a huge brawl. It was the fun of a lifetime but it has been patched and is no longer possible to do, as fas as I know. I even saw lobbies of 10v10 or 12v12 but those games needed everybody in the lobby to change some file in your LoL folder to work so those games usually never started.
0	I have/had a friend that is notorious for bailing out at the last minute for other things when our group (that doesn't get together often because we all live so far apart) makes plans. For my birthday my friends and I thought it would be fun to go out for drinks and a quick dinner to catch up and we all got really excited about it. I kept reminding Friend Notorious of the date and time and she kept assuring me she'd come. She even went with me to find an outfit for that night. The night before I called her to say, "Hey, so we're meeting at Restaurant at 7 tomorrow, Nancy wants to know if you'd like a ride, she'll come pick you up." and Friend Notorious answers, "Oh....was that  tomorrow?!  Ahh, gee...grrr! I'm  so  upset, I totally have this church thing I can't get out of. Sorry. Happy Birthday...aaauuugh I'm just  soooo  busy!"   Oy. NBD, the rest of us went out, had a great time. The kicker was a couple days later she came by my house to give me a belated birthday card that said, "Happy Birthday. Sorry I didn't go to your thing. I have way too much going on in my life that I don't feel like I should have to get into and I have more important things to think about." I had to show that card to other people like, "Am I being oversensitive or is this a really weird card to give someone?"   We still ask her to join us out of courtesy but plan on her not showing up.
0	In the music industry the recording budgets for making well-produced full-length albums have been continually slashed for the last ten years. Whatever you think of the songs themselves, Random Access Memories is an amazingly well engineered and produced album. It just sounds amazing. Engineers/mixers like myself are drooling over it, since there haven't been that many pristine albums to talk about lately.   Could go on, but
0	9 years ago I was on a returning flight from Mexico to San Francisco and I decided to try out a burger on the plane.   A few hours into the flight, I started to feel warm. Then hot. I started to sweat. My stomach started to twist and I had to hold onto the chair arms as hard as I could, even dig my finger nails into my skin to really deal with the pain that was developing in my tummy. For about a minute or two, I didn't really know what was going on. Then the gas made its way out of my intestines and right to my ass. I thought I was going to have diarrhea. It felt so horrible. I tried to hold it as best I could. I went a couple more hours with that fart just sitting there inside me, brewing. I thought that I could make it. I really did. Oh god, I was so wrong.   I thought it would make a noise. I didn't want anyone to know. That's why I held it for so long, but then it just kind of escaped.   At first, I thought I had shat myself. I couldn't tell, so I adjusted myself in my seat to see if I could feel that nasty squish of diarrhea. I was clean, thank god.   Then it hit me. The most horrific smell I have ever known in all 22 years of my life. It was awful. I hoped and prayed that it would just be me to suffer, but then my grandmother elbowed me. I looked over and she had her face in her shirt. She smelled it, too. She motioned a question, asking if that was me.   I could have owned up to it. I could have admitted that I had the rankest of asses. It would have been a victory story for the men in my family. Something told for decades. But no.   What little girl is going to own up to that?   So I said I didn't know, and I put my own face under my shirt. Then it hit my sister, on my right. She followed suit. My aunt was next. She leaned across the aisle and angrily gestured at my poor grandmother.   Then it hit the row behind us. I heard their little boy complain, "Oh my gosh, mommy, what is that?"   By now, I had let loose about three or four more SBDs. Everyone was blaming each other. Everyone was gagging. For three rows ahead of me and three rows back, people were covering their noses and complaining about the smell. The flight attendant was called to check the lavatories. You could tell when she hit the wall of fart because she stopped and retched. She checked the lavatories, but they were clean. Even a safe haven compared to what my ass had wrought. They stopped serving beverages to the back of the plane.   It was chaos in the back of the plane. Everyone was pointing fingers and grumbling angrily. I couldn't hold them in. The farts kept coming. Each one ranker than the last.   About 10 minutes before we landed, everyone was getting pretty close to finding out it was me. I looked around frantically. Oh god, was I going to have to admit it?   Then I realized that the guy in front of me had reclined his seat to sleep for the entire flight. I had been cramped in my seat with those gut-twisting farts because of him. No room to really move around and get comfy.   So I did it. I elbowed my grandma and I elbowed my sister, and I pointed at this poor, sleeping man in front of me. He had been asleep the whole flight. He was a perfect scapegoat. Word spread fast. The two women on either side of him became very unhappy.   We landed and I escaped. All I remember is seeing him with those two women at the gate after disembarking. One of them had her arms crossed, the other was waving her arms about. He just looked mortified.   I just wanted to say to that guy that I am SO sorry. It was me, the little girl behind you. I turned the plane against you. It's probably something you still remember. I hope I didn't cause you any real trouble.
1	I think the new Lucian is probably tier 2 like sivir is right now. The fact that you listed draven and MF as 'fallen comrades' when they are top tier adcs right now is disparaging.   we don't need a 100 ad item because then we won't see trist or kog'maw ever again. The existence of a 100 AD item will centralize the metagame into burst adcs. The formerly BT-reliant adcs are all fine, I'm in diamond and my highest win rate adc since 4.10 has been Varus, rushing IE and Statikk Shiv.   basically, I totally disagree with your
1	While we're discussing broken movement abilities, how about ezreal blink? I'm talking about watching the stun spiral above his head appear AND THEN he blinks away. Or the zenith blade connecting, and then he blinks away while he is immobilized and I don't follow. I know there is a slight delay with his blink, but when he is clearly stunned, and then blinks to safety, its kinda dumb. Also, I saw someone blink/dash/flash (can't remember which) out of Yasuo ulti. As in, the targets are in mid air, then one blinks and the other 2 people that were there stay up for the duration. Seems to me like Riot has something broken in their cc coding somewhere.
0	Python is awesome!  It is what I use 99% of the time.  I'm not a typical software developer.  I'm almost completely self taught.   I went to school to build rockets, and they only taught us Fortran 95 and Matlab.  Matlab was used at my first company (an aerospace contractor) and from there I moved into Simulink.  So in a really twisted way, I became a embedded software developer, without knowing any language other than Fortran, Matlab, and Simulink.   I got pretty good at algorithms, understanding the state of the system, tasking, data flow, all that good stuff.  But still no real language.   A friend convinced me to learn Python instead of Matlab.  At first I resisted, but after a while my eyes were opened.  Ever since then I jump in the deep end of the pool.   Don't be afraid to try things you have no idea how to do.  It only take a few months to get pretty good at something.   This year I decided it was time to learn a "real" language (don't get me wrong, I LOVE python, but in the industry you need to know other things to).  So I decided to learn how to make a simple app using objective c and sprite kit. I had to learn a ton of stuff to even get that going, xcode, git, and the whole apple dev environment.   I ended up with this really basic "game" where you moved a box around and other boxes hit it.  It kind of looked like you were dodging rocks.  My family said it was fun (I was really surprised by this, I never expected to see so much excitement from them over a block you could move that dodged blocks.   So I decided to add some polish, some music, some better feeling physics.  I kept tweaking and adding until I had a complete game.   I even had to use Adobe Illustrator to make some icons.   All in all, it was a very big challenge but very rewarding.
1	A support generally has the job to keep track of the map and the timers so  it would not be too strange if he made most of those calls. It also always depends on what champ you play. As a support soraka you dont really make the calls of initiation and roaming and taking objectives as much as a agressive and tanky support like alistar and taric.   but like I said. Your job is to ward and keep track of timers and the map overall. It is not so strange that you, as a support, is the first one to notice if someone from the enemy team is in the wrong place or an opportunity opens up.
0	I think I might have this beat.   A few years ago I worked for a small startup company run by a pair of guys who'd never run a business before. So, they hired me and proceeded to work me like crazy. Some shifts were in excess of 15 hours, but they insisted since I was technically a freelancer, they could work me that long without a break.   Well, long story kind of short,  after  I submitted my hours & time sheet, they realized that working me for that many hours straight was a violation of state law (freelancer or not), so they tried to make me sign a document that said I took a one hour break every four hours for every day on my time sheet. So if I worked 15 hours, they wanted me to say I only worked 12. And they wouldn't pay me for those three hours that I  did  work, and that was just for one day. All those imaginary breaks, for two weeks, came to nearly forty hours. Suffice it to say I didn't sign shit and threatened to sue them.
1	The reason is that for me incompetence and incompetent play isn't fun.   Do I enjoy going 17/3/31 as Irelia? Yes, yes I do. Do I then enjoy losing that game because my team gets overzealous and one by one runs into all 5 of the enemies, leaving me along to defend the base at minute 40?  No, no I do not.   This was a legitimate game I had.  I snowballed so hard and then used my advantage to get my other, losing, lanes advantage.  We were up by 15 kills, 3 towers and had Baron buff over the enemy.  One overzealous, and crap, jungler lost us the game by running into a 5v1, then others trying to save him.   My fun comes from winning, it comes from having my good play rewarded.  It does not come from playing well and then losing so that I then have to deal with similarly skilled teammates as I had before.
1	Lemme preface by saying I used to play Dota originally, but haven't played HoN, but I feel like I know what you mean.  I really like the idea of champions based around interacting with the environment.  The problem with that is there's really only bushes as environment in LoL. That's my main problem with LoL right now is the lack of environment. WHY DOESN'T THE RIVER FLOW?!  Thoughts off the top of my head:  What if when someone was running down/up the river they could get a 5% move increase/decrease?  Could make top lane unique in a small way from bottom, a little safer from ganks. What about a water champion that just goes invisible when its in the river? What about a champion that can straight up see into bushes, or maybe, is invisible to someone standing IN a bush???
1	I think he wrote a long ass post but then he realized the
1	short version: if there were more bans, pros who are famous for 1 champ would have to learn more champs. This in turn would leave less chance of their signature champ being banned out.
0	So, if you've ever worked at a fast food restaurant (or not I guess):  You know how they have these big bags of ketchup in the grill area for filling up the ketchup dispensers?  If you squeeze the corner of that giant bag, boobs feel just like that.
0	I did one of these in High School... I was walking home and got bit by a dog. I did nothing to provoke this dog in fact I decided to walk in the middle of the street so that we were no where near each other way before we crossed paths. I was not even paying attention to this dog. so about three steps after I passed him, it turns around and without warning bites my calf. I got so pissed that I ran the dog down ready to beat its ass for attacking me but it ran through a gate that was open just enough for him to get through to get away from me.
1	Here's something that took me 1,5 years to learn. Although you meet lots of players in game, you dont have to interact with all of them. You should mainly focus on your own mistakes and improving your play (which includes teamplay ofc). It's a choice to communicate with someone. You dont even have to mute people. You should just realise that you dont have to respond to chat. Especialy pre 30 it's not as important to win. Much rather you want to learn the game. So focus on learning the game, instead of trying to win. Make mistakes, try out stuff, learn from it, get better. This is also the case with games post 30, and ranked games.
0	OP, I think you did right. That project was absolutely developmentally appropriate for a six year-old, and the correct call. Having said that, I'm going to put up a limited defense of "projects done with parents' help." My mom helped me a LOT with science fair projects, and those experiences made me love science.   I should preface that my mom was NOT overly involved in general with my homework. My dad was dying from cancer when I was 8-11, so most of her concentration was on that. But she is a professor of medicine and an NIH-funded researcher, so helping me with science projects was more like a carpenter teaching her kid to build a chair than a parent doing my homework for me. It was like showing me how her job worked.   There's a difference between a parent doing your work for you, and your parent acting as a one-on-one teacher. I did a small-scale epidemiological study when I was  twelve  for Pete's sake, a questionnaire sent across three local schools and evaluated for statistical significance by chi-square. Clearly I did not do that work all by myself. But I learned so much from that experience: the importance of having controls, sources of data bias like selection bias from voluntary questionnaire responses. I made a science poster and learned how to practice and give a presentation that concisely explained my project and its results. I learned how statistical significance is crucial to good data, and how, if you end up with a null result from that statistical significance, you will get second place but not actually win the science fair because positive results are sexier than negative ones.   That was my mom helping me, but it wasn't her doing a project for me. That's an approach a lot of parents take, and it's faster for the parent, but it doesn't teach your kid anything. Instead, she poured tons of time into taking responsibility for my education by teaching me herself. I learned more about science from her help than I ever would have by designing a developmentally-appropriate project myself. It was freaking awesome.
1	You lose every lane cause adcs are weak? You also play against adc which is skill matchup,
1	She doesn't want to ban gambling, drugs, alcohol and gaming. She wants to make money off of it. All these things are very profitable for the ones in charge of them. It's impossible to ban any of these things. The best thing someone can do to deal with it is to be corrupt. Meaning letting the people think you are getting rid of bad things, while actually making tons of money with it.
0	It suck doesn't it, I recently chickened out of suicide twice in one night. I am not afraid of dying, I am afraid of trying and living afterwards. Chances are, attempted suicide doesn't kill the victim, most likely they will live but with long term consequences. I thought of using carbon dioxide but that can lead to brain damage. Falling from a high height can leave me crippled. Using a firearm can cause the gun to misfire and destroy my face.   Besides for the long term health risks, I also wouldn't want to put on suicide watch. Having my every action monitored would be hell and I would have to deal with psychologists, family, and friends giving me lectures on the importance of living.
1	Not only is Bo1 a silly idea for promotion, single elimination is equally poor.   Say we have 8 teams in brackets, each separated by skill (#1 > #2 > #3, etc):   #1 v #2, #3 v #4   #5 v #6, #7 v #8   In this situation only 2 of the top 4 teams can hope to pass to 3rd place, not 3. We eliminate 2, 4, 6 and 8 assuming skill difference trumps:   #1 v #3   #5 v #7   We now have a guaranteed top 2 finish for a 5th or 7th skill team. Like what?
1	No, you claimed that being on camera is the only reason why Regi is considered a bully and an asshole in the eyes of the community.   I'm disputing your false claim with evidence that no other player on any other team has acted out the same way Regi has while streaming every scrim.
0	Yeah, if you're walking around with headphones on all the time that's an indications that:  1) You're paying attention to something else so, in general, I'm not going to disturb you unless necessary or,  2) You don't want to talk to people or be friendly.  There have been times when a co-worker needed to know something important, had headphones on all the time, and didn't hear me yelling to get their attention, and I was finally like "Fuck it, you want to ignore everyone?   You're going to hang yourself with your own rope.  When you complain that we didn't tell you this important piece of information, your lack of knowledge of which got you in trouble, we'll tell you that we tried for five minutes but you weren't listening or refused to pay attention."
1	I ask this every week and I'm asking it again because I'm going insane. I main Sup, and I try to just worry about my own play but I'm so incredibly frustrated that when I do my job (0-4 kills, 0-4 deaths, 10+ assists) it never feels like it matters. Games I win I feel like my team played well and would've won even if I had done almost nothing. Games I lose when I play will can just be slaughters. I read so much 'Please Bronze supports at least ward'. I ward like a motherfucker. I poke, zone, sustain if I can, etc. It literally feels like maybe 25% of my games, how I perform matters at all.   Secondly, if I wanted to learn a different role that had more carrying power, what should I try? Seems like ADCs are a bit weaker now, junglers can't carry nearly as much as they used to, etc. Also seems like if I main anything besides support, due to pick order I'll be lucky to get a different role in even half my games.   I've played with a bit, but what do people think of the Ardent Censer? It doesn't seem powerful / cheap enough to make Janna anymore worthwhile, sadly. Sona maybe, but she's so squishy. I love Karma, and feel like she's the only one it really makes it worthwhile to get since she can buff the entire team in later teamfights.
0	I disagree. Although that is ONE solution, its a solution that trats making much money the only thing that is most important. It's a partial solution that shouldn't apply to everyone.   You have to be realisitic. You have to understand the risks you are taking in pursuit of your hobby. As in, you have to understand how likely you are yo succeed and make it big in what your hobby is, and what your life will be like if you aren't successful. Some people don't need a lot of money, they are able to be happy with the most basic of neccessity because they are making a "living" out of their hobby, however meagre it may be. That is the assessment that you have to make. Whther you love your hobby enough to live that sort of life. If not, then follow your advice.
1	Every single Renekton I've ever played ranked with during the draft screen:   (Renekton) - "Ok guys, i play renekton top. Don't worry, no one counters him and i'll shit  on anyone i face. We got this guys, easy win."   gamestarts   (Renekton)[To All] - LOL Olaf, how many kills do you plan to feed me in the first 10 minutes?   0/5, no ward, cocky renekton later   (Renekton)[To All] - WOW Ignite noob, really? Bad Olaf. AND WTF OUR JUNGLER NEVER GANKS. GG. DIS MY FIRST LOST WITH RENEKTON EVER, THX TEAM.
1	Hoooooolyyy shiiiiiiit that amount of text.
1	I personally would like to bring up how you said they can pretty much be in each others heads without needing to talk because I've had a similar experience with that with a friend of mine. I pretty much taught him the game and played with him all the time and we used to lane together pretty much every single game and it was to the point where we'd know exactly how we both would react in the situations so we coordinated pretty damn well. Once you get synergy like that built up, which chauster and doublelift are making sure they have again like the old days, you really need to consider the cost of trading maybe a better talent for the time it will take for the synergy the old person had.
1	I played a total of ~70 ranked games during this season, because of that ladder fear. I was camping normal games, and I strongly feel that people I get matched with or against are mechanically better in this game mode than in my ranked games. My elo/mmr/whatever you call could be influenced for three months because of only one game.   And I only started playing more rankeds because a friend wanted to get to gold, so we did some duoQ without me ( trying ) not caring about my own placement,but just doing well so my 4 other mates could climb up. It has really improved the way I was approaching ranked games. And I'm considering to be active for the next season to see where I can go from low to mid Silver.   I don't know anymore why I wrote this, but as I see it, when you've had enough normal games ( not just when you reach level 30 and have a few hundred normal games in your bag ) to understand how each part of the game works, you can train your skill in a harder mode ( ranked ), see how people can react to your strategies, and think, improve from there.
1	Personally, this is how I see it. There are two kinds of Limited Edition skins. One type deserves to remain Limited Edition, and one type won't hurt anybody if they were to be made Legacy and resold eventually.   The type that I personally feel that deserves to remain Limited Edition are skins that you have to have earned. Skins like King Rammus, earned by having played in Closed Beta. Skins like Victorious Janna/Elise, earned by reaching a particular rank. Rewards you earn for having achieved a significant goal, or having taken part in something important in League of Legends history, those should remain Limited Edition.   The type that I think should be changed to Legacy and resold eventually are the skins that were made available for a limited time during holidays, like Christmas and Halloween. These skins bare no significant mark of achievement besides having been in the right place at the right time, and having the money to buy them.   On one hand, I can see that players who own those skins would be upset. "Oh, now other people own this beautiful skin that I and only I own. Now it's not as special to me anymore." But on the other hand, it's like... What does that do to you, to know that somebody other than yourself owns an awesome holiday-themed skin? Really? You didn't do anything to earn or win the skin, you were just able to buy it because you were at the right place at the right time. That's luck, that's not any significant achievement, you were just lucky to know what League of Legends is, and have money at the time.   Furthermore, a holiday item shouldn't really even BE limited edition. I feel it kind of ruins the point of being a holiday skin. For example, if I main Veigar, and I don't play any of the other champions that currently have skins available to buy for Christmas, I can't buy Bad Santa Veigar to show some holiday cheer? It has to be locked away never to be seen or heard from again?
1	Who gives a shit about any of this. Someone makes a post about pro players being assholes. They are, they all are. Who cares. Someone makes a post about how pro players are humans too so we shouldn't grab the pitchforks whenever they do something stupid. Who the fuck cares. This stupid idolization of "celebrities" is why "celebrities" can get away with the dumbest shit. Let them do what they want, those who are assholes will continue to be assholes, all you're doing by posting anything related to their shitty personalities ( this goes for both of these posts regarding pro players and their inflated egos ).   There are plenty of reasons why some people dislike certain players and others don't. A lot of people hate Phantoml0rd. Others think hes awesome. It's just different styles for different tastes.
0	I see where you're coming from, and totally respect that, but the crude nature of it is part of its charm to me at times.  Nostalgia and comfort are powerful things to some people, including myself.  No, it does not constitute fine cuisine, but goddammit, it has a special, irrevocable place in my heart.  Some would call the blowjob a one-trick pony as well, but that doesn't mean I get any less excited when I get one.  :D  More power to ya, nonetheless.     My dad got very ill when I was a young boy from a black widow bite.  Things like that tend to make an impression on a young mind.  How did I deal with my irrational fear?  I bought a tarantula and forced myself to handle it.  It helped immensely, but I still don't care for the little fuckers too much.  Mental conditioning is just a bitch to overcome.     I love pop!  I love everything from death metal to country and everything in between, IF IT IS WELL DONE.  Yes, I have had my indiscretions, but every man has his boundaries, and that band will forever reside miles outside of them.  Lol.
0	Same. We've been trying for about 2 years, we're about to start a new treatment next week. She has PCOS, so she's not infertile, but it makes it harder. There's really not anything to say about it that will make either of us feel better, just wanted you to know that you and your wife aren't the only ones.
1	CC is king" - something I've been saying for a long time. If you go into a team fight, as a support, with more CC than the enemy support, you're able to contribute far more. If I'm vs a support with a Zeke's and I have a Randuin's, my slow will mean that any melee's that use that 20 AD, wont be using any of their AD, and their ADC, well he's slowed and having to deal with my team's fighter in his face, if only his support had a Randuin's to slow him..   Keeping your team alive is far more important than increasing their damage. FAR MORE IMPORTANT (really need to stress that). It doesn't matter if you give them 20 or 100 extra AD from Zeke's, if someone gets in their face they will die. Randuin's provides an extra peel spell, and since late game peeling being the one thing a support is doing, having an extra spell that does that is very very valuable to your team.   Lets look at the other items you mentioned, and what they provide your team, and why they are all better items than Zeke's.   Talisman, provides MS boost, great for "resetting" a fight or rapidly engaging (whether following up some else's engage or simply doing a full on 5 man engage), there's a reason Shurelia's was  the  core item on supports, and this was it. Same item, different face.   Mikael's, this item is an "oh fuck" item, saving your important carries makes or breaks teamfights. It's pretty obviously just how powerful the active is, allowing them to get out of spells that lock them down is the difference from them dying and them living.   >Other popular items   Queen's, a strong AoE slow, popular on mages as it's ranged peel, keeping you safe as well, it's a ranged Randuin's slow, when coupled with other CC is really strong.   Targon's, shield an ally, while this active isn't as strong as either Queen's or Talisman's, you gain personal stats that are actually really valuable as well. 500 HP is nothing to scoff at.   Locket, vs double AP? No problem, grab this and the defensive aura and shield can make a hell of a lot of difference in a team fight against AP's that try to burst you.   Then there's Zeke's, notice anything different about Zeke's compared to all these items I mentioned, apart from they are actually purchased by supports. If you emphatically screamed "ooh ohh I know the answer, they all provide defensive/peel capabilities Miss McDrewbs", then you are correct.
1	I had a friend get me into the game, but we ended up not actually playing until I was level 20. Anyways, being timid, I started off with bot games only and then eventually worked my way into TT. I probly went level 3 - 23 in TT only, until finally my friend wanted to play.   He told me to never go back to TT and get into SR from now on. My first games were awful as I had no idea how to jungle, lane, or contest objectives in a larger map, but I eventually got the hang of it.
1	People don't actually believe that pro's are pro's because they have been playing for a longer period of time do they? I mean do people truly not believe that there is a skill in gaming both mentally and physically you are born with on top of the skills you can hone in on your own?   I am a basketball coach, and while I can coach you all the skills in the world and you can spend every waking moment of your entire life perfecting your shot, dribbling, passing, understanding of the court movement, defenses, offenses etc. If you are not gifted naturally with God given talent, size, speed, and just athleticism AKA being Rekkless Doublelift, Bjergson, you will not be a pro just because you put in more time into the game, you have to have natural talent, and manage your time in game properly.
1	In lane, she's fairly basic. Heal, mana, silence, ult, etc. In teamfights however, a very different and unique mindset of decision making has to be taken in order to play her to her fullest potential.   Silence the mage, or the bruiser? Heal your carry, or the tank? Heal to bait, or give +X effective HP to everyone who took damage? Attempt to pour on Q stacks at the cost of your own life, or save it for the mana?   Most supports have more/less a "fire everything" mentality, with the exception of a few supports with situational ults like Lulu.
0	It would be nice if that could happen, but it won't.  I work in science research (although a completely different area); government grants for research are being slashed.  They used to be the best source for money for research, but without them, most academic researchers are having to turn to industry in order to fund their research.  If you were to take away any of their industry funding for vaccine research, it would slow down the process dramatically.  Industry research also has a few redeeming qualities; because it is profit-driven, it typically can speed up the process.   I get where you are coming from, and believe me, I would like this to be true in all areas of research (I am focusing on environmental issues in my own research), but it isn't sustainable.   What I would say is the real underlying cause is that a scientific medical researcher published a study that said the MMR vaccine caused autism in one of the most prestigious medical journals.  If I remember correctly, he had a very small sample size, but this made a number of other researchers look at this issue.  Very few, if any of their studies were able to find the same result.  It turns out the original researcher was developing an alternative vaccine to the MMR vaccine and was approached by a law firm representing parents who's children had autism and were suing saying the MMR vaccine caused autism.  The lawyers asked him to find a link.  He has since lost his medical licence.  There was one bad scientist/doctor, and I think it started people thinking that this must represent the medical research community.
0	I'm sorry that you're therapists haven't been able to help you. Find out as much as you can about your treatment so far and those who have conducted it.     What type of therapist are they? What degree do they have? This indicates what level of education they have, what clinical training they've had, and whether or not they are allowed to prescribe.   What school of thought do they belong to? Why type of psychology do they use   What specific therapies have you been through?     The more information you have the better you can work with future professionals to find a solution. You may need to find a different type of help. A run of the mill therapist that just talks things out and maybe recommends you see a prescribing physician for meds might not be the right fit for you. Perhaps you need someone that uses multiple techniques and has the ability to prescribe in case that is the best course of action.   sorry I can be a bit long winded
1	Yup, and if you go to Alliance vs UOL the entire thread is just ''APPLE PIE EAT SHIT EU JAJAJAJ'' and those ''EU mad KR jelly'' photos, and dozens of posts shitting on EU ''apologists'' when there are absolutely none there. I think there were actually more anti-EU comments than pro-NA ones, and even then it was just NA people going ''fuck yeah NA>EU''.   Which is fine, I think it's funny, the thing that pisses me off is how NA fans keep saying that they're just having fun and there's no harm done, but when EU do it they're ''insensitive'' and ''not happy with their own victory but laughing at people losing''. Then TSM lose and you have this sea of hatred coming from NA fans on their own team, but when EU fans are disappointed that Alliance did so poorly at worlds then EU are just salty losers who have nothing better to do but to trash teams who tried their best, when the opposite is usually true. Fnatic fans are the most amazing and supportive people I've ever seen, they were overflowing with pride for their team even though they didn't get any results. Hell even when Alliance lost at IEM the top comment in the post-game thread was an Alliance fan making fun of himself.  You go to any European events and the crowds are incredible. Singing happy birthday to Faker, cheering on both EU and NA teams and showed up for the final even though there were no western teams in it. The vast majority of times I see EU fans they're supportive and there's a very small percentage of salt, probably the same amount present in NA fans at times.   Trash talk and jokes are fine, but I feel like NA fans take it way more to heart and act the victim and place blame on EU when we're usually doing virtually the same thing. An EU fan can make a joke about NA and get downvoted to hell and called desperate and salty, then an NA fan replies with ''Kabum'' and it gets like double the upvotes and people going ''get rekt EU scrubs''   I'd really like if both sides accept their own faults (I'm not trying to say that EU are perfect, not by a long shot, we're some salty motherfuckers at times) and stopped pointing fingers and trying to crown themselves as ''the superior fanbase'' and that the other side are salty and toxic. While this post does seem a little biased I just wanted to highlight that NA fans aren't as honourable and 'laid back' as you think you guys are, and shouldn't give out to us about toxicity and salt if you guys have a ton of it too.
1	Wanted to buy a ticket but the lower deck starcraft tickets are sold out? Maybe early bird tickets are sold out? Seems like a success to me. I have no idea. Also, why on the ticketmaster site aren't the tickets labeled for what event/seating they are for? Its a really bad/confusing experience trying to buy tickets.
1	Hey man, thanks for the positive encouragement. Sometimes I get sick of all the NA vs. EU bullshit. I for one will be rooting for any western team that gets matched against a Korean team. It's exciting to root for the underdog. Here's a x-post I made from a thread on TSM's chances against White:   I think TSM's most important pick is going to be Lee Sin. This is going to be a highly contested pick with DanDy and is also Amazing's comfort champion of choice. TSM will need a strong early pressure jungler like Lee Sin to stay in the game early (They don't perform well after falling behind, especially against a Korean team). As far as the teamfight strategy goes, I expect TSM to stick to their guns and continue playing the similar comps that they've been playing. This revolves around a hyper carry ADC (Trist or Kog), with a lot of peel/zoning from the rest of the team (Expect Alistar, Moakai, Rumble, Lulu from Dyrus and Janna/Nami from Lustboy). I'd also expect Bjerg to go for a "safer" teamfight mid laner as opposed to an assassin, seeing as there is a lower chance of outplay versus the mechanically gifted Korean players (Expect Ori, Syndra, Xerath from Bjergsen).   Keys to the game for TSM:     Get Lee Sin   Decisiveness in teamfights     Try to set up 2v1s with Turtle on a hyper carry     VISION CONTROL FROM EVERYONE (Mata is a god here)     0 Mistakes       All in all, it looks pretty grim. TSM is going to have to play out of their minds with flawless execution to win this series. It's unlikely, but as a TSM fan you gotta believe.
1	I never said he shouldn't be upset. I said (I guess implied) that he's a shitty public speaker. The reason Dignitas didn't put anyone on there may be that none of them can form a sentence and articulate a point. (I don't know that to be the case, I'm theorizing.) The guy they put on there could speak, was calm, even told Regi, "You're right about that," several times. He clearly felt that he was an authority on e-sports, but when you've been on the scene for 12 years, and some unheard of kid shows up and screams gay bro gay for a few days, I imagine you're not going to take him seriously.
1	I honestly think this has blown way out of proportion. And once again we see a lot of people just hating on XJ9 because he did unforgivable things in the past and whatnot.   Yeah guys, he deserves his ban. Yeah guys, he is a prick by our definition. Yeah he shouldn't be unbanned going by Lyte's post about other issues he is legally bound to not say on here.   But.   Why did the debate turn into "should he be banned?" LS mostly talked about the insane abuse XJ9 must have witnessed in the thread where he got "re-smited". He mentioned numerous times that he doesnt defend his actions and would never call them anything but stupid.   And that's my honest opinion about it. Yeah okay, keep the ban on him that's fine. Don't make it public on reddit though and don't let comments asking him to kill himself stay up - we do have a witchhunting rule on here right? He might deserve a ban, but he is also human and deserves some 'human rights', nobody should be put through reading that shit. And you know he would read that shit.
0	It's not necessarily racist to be more or less attracted to certain races.  It is racist to say "she's pretty cute for a black chick," since you're not technically saying what you personally find attractive, but instead making a statement about what is and is not attractive re: people as a whole.
1	It was just a simple (clearly failed)witty remark, something akin asking why someone would board up their house because of a report for a hurricane in florida, while they live in utah.
1	How is this FAIR to the one that possibly dropped w/o its being his fault? aka internet/power outage? Its nothing I can prevent from ever happening, but at the Same time this situation is sooooo easy to fake, aka pull the plug. So i take a HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!! punishment for something that isn't my fault, i cannot prevent but yet is very easy to fake. thats like punishing christians for earthquakes because they didnt finish they dinner. wtf.
0	Different historical backgrounds as to the reasons of poverty, and asian immigrants, especially nowadays, tend to be of an entirely different socioeconomic situation than, you know, slavery.   But there for sure were negative stereotypes about Asians in the past.  And not just because of the various wars we were involved in.  The stereotypes have just changed.   A large percentage of the asians that come here now are highly educated, coming here for colleges and universities or to raise their kids around better schooling in better areas.  Hence the most common stereotypes of them as being 'good at math' etc.
0	I know I should usually be posting in /r/iamgoingtohellforthis but shamefully disgrace myself in AdviceAnimals. It is wrong and deserves condemnation. Mea Culpa.
1	Well, back in the olden days of the United States, slavery was considered ok. There were arguments over wether or not slaves should be able to vote. Eventually, the law makers came to an agreement and decided that slaves votes were only worth 3/5ths of what their free counterparts votes. Thus creating the concept that slaves were only 3/5ths people. So by referring to it as the 3/5ths rule, it may bring up some bad blood.   Also, this rule is not just for NA. It is also in place for EU, if I am not mistaken.   Calling it something to the effect of 'Interregional Movment Policy' like Riot named it, may prevent people from getting the wrong idea...
0	Who are you to question the depth of their love?   Why should she assume that just because she can't find someone she cares about as much as her pet, that others must not be able to as well? Don't try and pretend that it's not common knowledge that people care more for other people than animals. She should've used common sense and not compared a person to a dog.   > It's not how you feel, it's how they feel.   He's talking to someone about losing his dad and he should be thinking of the feelings of the co-worker?   >Instead of being insulted you should be thankful someone was trying to relate to your pain and offer sympathy.   I like how you tell someone going through the grieving process how to feel. Never mind the fact that she compared his dad to her dog, which is obviously insulting, no matter how much you love animals. Either way, if anyone at any point in time compared losing a pet to losing a family member or friend, that person deserves ridicule.
0	This is why I've resorted to using my card for everything over here. I grew up in Australia and paid cash for everything, purely because I knew how much I was spending and could get rid of my change in a timely manner. Over here though, you don't have a chance to get the right change out without getting dirty looks for taking too long.
0	I was an electrician out of high school. Got laid off, went through my savings looking for work (it was a good sized egg), and eventually gave up my union benefits to go back to school (after I had gone broke).  Gonna graduate in May with about 7K in debt.   You're also forgetting that a majority of electricians (at least in the US) have to travel around the country to where the work is, are subject to 10-12 hour work days (sometimes 7 days a week depending how tight the schedule is) which doesn't bear well for personal relationships, and are subject to the elements while working.  And that half of every Friday depends on on the labor agreement that the Local Union you're working for has in place (which varies from region to region).
1	I played a few games with fiddle tonight, and I was still able to do well. He was nerfed kinda hard, but he's nowhere near bad, he's still able to stay in lane almost indefinitely. I found that I had to be more cautious at early 1v1s but I still punished any melee who tried to commit to getting a few swings in on me with my drain.   The change to dark wind makes early game harass much easier, especially duo-laining bottom. It hurts his farming though, and gives you more reason to prioritize  Q over E. You won't be able to clear a wave with it late game, but he has an easier time getting the three back caster minions early.   I really didn't notice much of a difference in his ability base damage and ratio changes, other than E hitting harder at rank 5. I was still able to deal a ton of early game damage and win my lane with few problems.   -That's what my first 6 matches of the night looked like, going 10/0/20 taking ignite/flash and runing Mpen reds, flat AP quints, armor/flat HP yellows and MR blues. Started with a D ring and then just built into deathcap and hourglass.
1	Way to knock down a pretty good article and then self promote. You didn't come off as a douche at all, for douchiness is an elusive concept. It means nothing and everything at the same time.
0	Before this gets any further, because I know there will be some reading this thread:   To all teenagers:  a lot of people here are talking about how the pull out method  can  be effective.  These stats are for experienced adults: women who know their cycle well and men who have the self control to always pull out.  Results will likely not be as stellar for you.   As a guy: teenage girls are often still learning about their bodies and when they can/can not get pregnant.  Aside from that, women who have just started menstruating can take some time to develop a regular cycle; she may be wrong even if she is tracking it properly.   As a girl: do you really trust him to pull out every time?  Not to slag on all teenage boys, but they don't have the best self control and their hormones are going to be telling them to keep on trucking, if you get my meaning.
1	It's just a basic problem here which occurs at a lot of these suggestions: The system is abuseable. At first, the person whom went AFK should not receive this decrease of LP loss. But even if this is executed correctly than there will be a second problem. Just imagine the scene where a duo is behind in a game, and one of them decides to leave to make sure his friend's LP is reduced less. It would give a reason to AFK for some people. (On the other hand, people might stop AFKing because they don't want their teammates to gain decreased LP loss because they think they lost them the game >_>)
0	Realistically you can't have high expectations unless you too are up there on the awesomeness scale. If you are a 2 and you want an 8 you should lower your standards or get onto par with your fellow males so you can attract those beautiful girls.
1	As a jungle main, I have a HUGE variety of junglers to choose from, you dont need the strongest "meta" one to win, you just need to be good, even though imho almost all of the junglers are already balanced. I dont even want another new jungler in the scene, i dont want a new jungler to learn and adapt to, i have enough to adapt to all the new champs from all the lanes since im the one ganking them.
1	You have 11 ranked games played as Kassadin. This isn't enough at all for you to learn him, and 8-3 isn't anything special with that low of a sample size (I used to have a 100% win rate as Ahri. Out of 8 games. This doesn't mean Ahri isn't "meh" in the current meta).   >First of all he is melee, and you can't count on his W or R for damage. Yes, you can use them to add more damage, but it's too risky and you're usually better off using Q and E for burst, R as an escape / repositioning and not using W at all. Even if you constantly spam Q, E, R and autoattack with W on, he doesn't have as much DPS as the Ryze, Karthus and Cassiopeia. And they don't have to take risks to do their DPS. By this I mean more risk than they already have.   Knowing when to W is one of the most important parts of playing Kassadin... why would you be better of not using it at all? I'll create a scenario.     Your team has Caitlyn, Kassadin, Janna, Jax, and Jarvan IV. The enemy team has Kennen, Lux, Draven, Lulu, and Nautilus.   The enemy team is going to try to get Kennen into your team, with an ult from Nautilus onto Caitlyn to hold her down. Your Jarvan IV and Jax are going to be diving onto the enemy team. It's now up to you and Janna to peel.   Kennen goes in. You Rift up to him, and QE him to stop him from ulting if you're fast enough. Now, Caitlyn and you can attack the silenced, slowed Kennen. You're dealing 0.3 AP autoattacks. If he doesn't die, he's going to ult and Zhonyas. Rift away from him, and get onto Nautilus. RQE him and smack him with some W autoattacks.   Now, by this time, Jax and Jarvan IV are ending their fight with Draven, Lux, and Lulu. All of them are low, but now your AD carry is free of the major threat (Kennen) and only has to deal with Nautilus a bit longer. Soon, you'll have a DPS machine joining you. Rift over to Draven or Lux, whoever is closest, and start autoattacking them. If you get turned onto, Zhonyas or Seraphs.   If Draven isn't dead, you're going to have to run away for a few seconds until your cooldowns are up (maybe drop Riftstacks too depending on how the fight went). If he's dead, go onto Lux. After her cooldowns are down, she kind of just has to take the W autoattacks.   Another way this could have played out was for you to have joined J4 and Jax immediately, and killed Draven while using Zhonyas/Seraphs to survive the engagement. Once the AD carry is dead, and if their backline is relatively unprotected, you won't face much retaliation by using Nether Blade.
0	A girl told my friends I "raped" her after a few casual hook ups. She said the only reason she didn't press charges is because it was "good"...
0	As an engineer, metric is more useful for calculations, particularly for things like forces etc., because it's nice and consistent. Imperial is what I use in my head everyday and what I mentally use in the workshop. That's about an inch, about a pint, about a foot etc. fits in my head much better than the metric figures I guess. I relic of my upbringing! Incidentally, the foot is defined as one sixteenth of the right and lawful rood - a local official would stand outside church on a sunday and pull aside the first sixteen men to emerge (which is as good a pseudorandom sample as any I guess) and get them to place their right feet on a straight line. This distance was a rood, and then 1/16th of that was the local definition of foot. Henry standardised it for all of England and Wales (and consequently the world) and the measures were (and still are, I think) kept on show at Greenwich for anyone to come and check.
1	Yeah, buff early game champions then ppl play and crush top lane with them. After that buff late game top laners, ppl crush early game too with them. Then buff late game junglers to compete with top laners. Back where we are the only difference is mid and bot is a lot weaker. So you need to buff adcs and mids. Top mains cries cuz adcs are too stronk. Final desicion. NERF EVERYTHING.
1	Honestly I want the ability to see if I was ever considered on the tribunal. I know sometimes I probably get into re-portable territory (while I believe that usually when I do its in response to someone else starting the blame game / talking general shit).   I'd be interested, i've never been banned but I think allowing players to see reports against them that have ever been to the tribunal would be a great way for me to more objectivly see what behavior I can change and what actually sets me off.   I do sometimes rage a bit too hard. I'm a relativly high elo (1700-1800) when I do normals with a friend or two and I get bot AD, usually since the normal elo drops with friends I can win lane pretty hard without much help from the support, so I let my supports know to just play passive and follow my lead. So sometimes if I say that very clearly and kindly and explain that if for some reason I lose because I don't want them being agressive I will take the blame, then sometimes supports go rambo way ahead of me and either they bait me to save them or they just die, either way thats the only time when I will actually be like "Really Soraka? That was just stupid" Which I guess is technically reportable...
1	I believe the reason for the downvotes is not for disagreeing with the opinion, but for the cost effectiveness of your idea. Brutalizer costs about 2/3 of what the B.F sword does, so if you are taking your blue pill for it, you are stunting your ability to carry quickly, which I've found to be vital in any game. If the brutalizer built into an item that made sense for a core build for Ashe, it would be acceptable to give up the progress on the B.F. sword. Unfortunately, Youmuu's is only more useful than a LW in the case that the enemy team chooses to build very little armor (should be never if you're carrying AD), so building it as a priority is a lesser strategy (by the numbers).
1	I use a Dell XPS 15 L502X series currently - LoL hasn't given me any problems; however, other games have been an issue such as Aion, CoD: MW2 and MW3, sometimes CS:S, and a couple other games.  For any other L502X users who are experiencing freezes with their laptop while gaming (screen is frozen and you hear an endless 1 second loop of sound and you can't do anything except hard restart your laptop) I would suggest using this program called MSI Afterburner.  Reduce your core and memory clocks by 100 MHz and then try playing your games.  Remember to reapply the settings whenever you shut down or restart your laptop.
0	I was in college at the time, but my father worked at home and at the office for a giant production company. He got a T1 line installed to our house to do simulations while at home (company paid for it). He needed it to size his reactors, distillation columns, heat exchangers, etc.
1	Very true, the other day I didn't ban Amumu (I'm in Bronze so this is practically unheard of). The other team snatched him up immediately and was gloating as soon as we got into the game ("you didn't ban/grab amumu???? Gg!!"). But we invaded and counter jungled him hard instagibbing him. Not to mention the poor kid couldn't land a bandage toss to save his life.
1	In solo queue, you tend to have people that get pissed when people make mistakes. I used to be that guy....   After watching many streams, I've noticed that streamers tend to say "Oh well" or try to calmly catch back up after their own/teammates mistakes and fucking dealing with the conditions they are dealt.   In real life, when people fuck up in the stupidest ways (in traffic, day to day situations, etc), I would call them out on it. I would lay out my horn for an extended period of time to let that person know that they fucked up hard in traffic (running lights, turning into fast moving traffic without enough space, cutting me off, and so on). Now, I just think, "Oh well", "That could have been me" or even "I'll never have to deal with that person again".
0	IMO, this discussion in a relationship is pretty black and white. Either both of you are mature enough to respect the others' feelings and balance the amount of contact with the opposite sex, or you aren't.   ie, your gf, my ex, girls from around the world all say the same "we're just friends" line and feign naivete because in truth, they want the friendzoned guys around "just in case". If you calmly explain to her that these guys might want to be more than friends and she doesn't believe you...trust me, she knows.   in my case, my ex feigned ignorance also when her best friend and I both mentioned that this guy liked her, so I asked her if she would ever date him, to which she responded "he doesn't like me, so that would never come up" instead of answering the question; fast forward...he was the first guy she dated after we broke up.   When I met my wife, we both agreed it wasn't a great idea to be close friends with members of the opposite sex because it would give the wrong impression; have friends, chat sometimes, hang out in the presence of other people, cool, but nothing overboard; when I hear people crying about how their s/o cheated on them because they went out to movies or dinners with guys/girls "as friends" and it turned into something more, I'm confused...
1	I mean it's not like I said "here's an exaggerated comparison to drive home the point" before i gave the example is it? So what if it's a product meant to make money? In the end it's still a free  service . You aren't entitled to it, so to appear demanding or bashing is really really rude. They are giving it to you for free so the reason people say "i don't mean to bash riot" are trying to give criticism while trying not to appear  ungrateful  or  demanding .
1	The tower pushing strategy really limited the main usage of Nocturne/Yorick/TF because they're all reliant on sitting in a lane phase for 15-20min. That way, Nocturne and TF can combo gank or split gank a few times and Yorick can farm up.  They didn't have that ability and essentially shut down those champions.
1	Woah woah woah. How much did you play Dota 2? I always thought that Dota 2 had the more flame-happy community.   Really and truly, you just gotta suck it up. It gets better. If they are raging at you, have you considered the  possibility  that they might be trying to help you, but they are making the wrong approach?   ANECDOTE:   I remember when I was a wee level 12 or so, I ONLY autoattacked minions - last hitting was unknown to me. When I ended up with awful CS and low gold, my teammates would occasionally get a little irritated and tell me to try last hitting. Obviously this helped.   END ANECDOTE   What you gotta do is play bot games with champions you want to try out at lower levels so (hopefully) you will be flamed at less. Also, I slightly disagree with your claim that 90% of the low level player base are veterans. And, if you do encounter a veteran, the  learn from their technique. (Actually, my friends and I get an occasional giggle at the mistakes low level players will make. If 90% of the low levels were veterans, this giggle would not be available for us. ) You have to play this game for the game, not for the community. Play the game to get better so that these flamings will happen less. AFKs are inevitable.
0	Scumbag teacher story:   He had a crush on my girlfriend at the time and didn't like me, literally for no reason except that. I turned a paper in, on time and he have me a B-. She literally copied what I put, turned it in 2 weeks late and he CIRCLED my entire synopsis (on her paper) saying it was a wonderful and insightful look for the movie. Gave her an A+. I was furious and I should have just ratted all of us out but I didn't want to get in trouble sacrificing my "academic integrity".   There was more instances like this. I would fight him if I ever saw him outside of school. Stupid bitch acted like she deserved it to.
0	Warning: Wall of text, but I thought I'd try to be helpful.   It's not your fault.  The terms are (most likely intentionally) mixed up by many.  To clarify for you:   An assault rifle is a rifle (duh) that fires an intermediate size cartridge (larger than a pistol, but smaller than a battle rifle) and is capable of select fire (has a switch that can change it from semi-automatic, which is one shot per trigger pull, to either burst or fully-automatic).  It should be noted that assault rifles made after 1986 are not legal for civilian ownership.  Ones from before then are horrendously expensive.   An assault weapon is a legal term, formerly it had meaning across the US due to the 1994 assault weapons ban which expired in 2004, and now has meaning only in the three (I think) states which have assault weapon ban laws on the books.  The definition of an "assault weapon" varies by state as each has defined it differently.  In all cases it often includes various cosmetic rather than functional definitions like if the stock can be adjusted in length to match your shoulder, if there is a barrel shroud to keep you from burning your hand, etc as well as listing numerous guns by name rather than any feature of the gun.   The issues with the assault weapon bans are numerous and include things like "Because the handle is different one of these two guns that are in all other ways identical is an assault weapon and one isn't" and "because the manufacturer changed that name that gets stamped into the metal on the side it's no longer an assault weapon".   This is why gun owners shit all over "assault weapon" because not only is it very clearly in violation of the constitution but on top of that the people enacting these laws are being complete morons about it.  It's like trying to ban porn by saying that all porn with precisely 3 penises in it (unless all penises are wearing lime green condoms), or was shot at an aspect ration of 1:1.6 or wider, and all videos with the word "Lesbian" in their title on porn hub are illegal.   A big issue for the looking at things in pictures is that the visual appearance and the functionality of these guns are not in any way related.  The bit that actually matters is inside the gun, and rarely makes any impact on the look of the gun.  An AR-15 for instance can be made to fire anything from .22lr all the way up to .50 BMG bullets.  They can be made semi auto, burst, or full auto (note: they can be physically made this way, legally doing this is complicated and expensive to the tune of buying a new car).  They can be made with barrels from 7 inches to 28 inches without affecting any of the previous.  They can have lights and lasers and scopes all over them, or be just bare metal.   And for those who say "AR-15!  AR!  Assault Rifle!  It's right there in the name!"  No.  It's not.  AR stands for Armalite Rifle.  The company that designed the thing.  Along with the AR-10, the AR-7, the AR-5...
0	I don't get why so many guys don't get why they get friend zoned. I mean really do you think just because you let them walk all over you you're gods gift to women? No seriously people if you make fun of white knights take a minute and realize white knights never actually get the girl and before you pull out the tried and true "Girls only date assholes!" no they don't only date assholes they just don't want to date a man with the same traits as them.
1	She can be successful at some kind of low elo ranges, where people don't know how to handle her and let her snowball pretty hard, but at higher levels of play people don't let katarina be that successful. Katarina have a problem that consiste in being so strong and so weak at the same time. If she is set behind she becomes really useless and cant really have any impact on the game. That is due to the new katarina being so easy to play and she is no longer a high risk high reward champ and is now a low risk low reward champ. Due to the weakness of ap assassin katarina people started to guild tank katarina and go too lane with her, being a teamfight disrupt spam bot that just needs to absorb and zone as much people as possible. Carry katarina is in a bad spot at the moment, she needs some balance fixes, riot cannot nerf her damage anymore because damage is the only thing katarina does, riot does need to raise katarina damage and make her more difficult to play, so people who do the best to get a full ult off get a better reward.
1	It definitively is an opinion, which is exactly my point. You make a RITO PLZ style post regarding something that YOU don't like, but it is not like there is something broken about the game or a bug or nothing, it is something that YOU don't like and when we talk about aesthetics, some people like it and some people don't, it is impossible to make everyone happy.
0	I had an ex whose mother had this mentality. Her son was constantly in and out of therapy because he was pretty disturbed. He would claim he saw things (murderers, ghosts, etc) he would also make death threats towards his family.   One day his mom after receiving a suggestion from one of his professionals asked me if I could help her tell which games were good for someone his age. She couldn't believe the M rated games were not ok. After all video games are for kids. In the end she took them away for a day but then gave him them back when he began to cry because he wanted them.   To be honest I still believe he doesn't have any mental issues other than being manipulative because when I dealt with him he knew I didn't take shit and he never ended up giving me any. Whats worse is they had multiple professionals tell them the same thing but it was more convenient to believe he had the problem and that it wasn't the mothers parenting. So when a professional told her to change parenting styles she just went to another professional until they agreed with her.
0	there is this theory   > Although the bias for preferentially imitating prestigious individuals has generally helped promote the spread of adaptive behaviours, anthropologists have suggested that it can make us susceptible to copying traits that are of no use in themselves, or which may even be harmful.
0	The proper usage would be something like this: A war veteran hears fireworks, and the sound gives him a panic attack. The fireworks triggered him. A woman hears the song her ex played when he raped her, and it causes flashbacks and nightmares that night. The song triggered her.   Here's how Tumblr likes to use it: An overweight girl is offended by a picture of a skinny girl wearing shorts and showing off her body. The overweight girl doesn't like that the skinny girl is confident. She claims that picture "triggered" her. A boy who believes he is part wolf is upset when his mother refuses to accept his identity. He claims his mother "triggers" him.
1	Hi Leo!   My name is also Leo and I'm also from Brazil :O I played a few months from 1-30 and silver in ranked on the NA server and transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfers.   Personally, I know the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers I just feel the BR ones are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be pretty witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose their cool faster and it is really annoying to deal with, but don't think other servers don't have people like this too.   Best way to deal with it is play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever wanna play on the BR server) and mute anyone who tries to ruin your game.   I am speaking from experience on the NA and BR servers but I'm 100% this applies to EU, Asia, and any other servers out there.
1	I play a good amount of Sejuani (enough to justify buying a skin) and while I agree that her damage is subpar for the most part, it is NOT ignorable if you build around it.   After the usual philo stone and heart of gold, I always go for Sorc shoes and a sunfire cape. Sunfire cape is a great item for Sejuani (just like Amumu) because it meshes with her playstyle perfectly. She HAS to stick to people to do damage with her W and Sunfire basicly adds 44 DPS to it. Sorc shoes helps keep her W and Sunfire cape damage relevant past the early-mid game.   I sure people will bitch about how Sunfire cape is a bad item (it's very situational, not bad) but if you go full super duper tank (merc/tabi, frozen heart/FoN), people will simply ignore you because you do no damage and if people ignore you as a tank, you are doing a bad job. The reason skarner and udyr have to build super tanky is because that have to run up to people to engage a team fight (and eat tons of damage on their way). Sejuani has the benefit of being able to ult half the team and Q-E into them before they can even react. With this type of engagement, you don't NEED to be an ultra tank, just tanky enough to survive long enough to do damage with W.   I just don't think she needs anything right now. A lot of people are clamoring for Nautilus right now but even Sejuani does a few things better then him. Adding more damage to her would hella OP considering she has an amazing ult, good CC and good damage mid-game and further (early game her damage is terrible).
0	Before I was born) My mom and my older brother (maybe 4 at the time) were at the laundry mat and my brother went up to a black guy and hugged him calling him Daddy. My mom had to explain that that wasn't his father (who lived with them but was gone often because he was in the army at the time) and that his dad wasn't black. Our dad is mexican (as well as my mom).
0	unless the kids met after puberty, you should be fine, man. there is a whole set of instincts that make humans NOT attractive to other humans they grew up with.   Case in point: My family was close friends with another family. Their daughter spent as many afternoons at our house as her own. We were (and still are) as close as my biological sister and I were. When we went to (the same) college, both sets of parents expected her and I to get married. They just couldn't understand that although she was objectively gorgeous, I just couldn't see her in that way- any more than I could my own sister (despite the opinions of redditor pervs).
1	On the other hand, look at my case.   I never verbally harassed a Karma or thought the game was over when she was picked, but I figured she was very weak, hence not even being in the free champion rotation, and I very very rarely played with or against her so I had no idea of how strong she was, I've wanted to buy her for a while, wanted to try that champion I'll never get in the free rotation but the very fact it was not on the rotation changed my mind, it must be really bad, I thought.   Then Riot announced we'd get a free Karma skin after her rework,  which is not there to give you a pat on the back if you played karma before or for you to use as your hispter badge  but because she'll look very different after her rework and people who wanted the "old" karma look can get it this way, I took the chance and bought Karma, why not, if I didn't like it I'd get a free skin I'd never use, didn't seem like a bad deal, and the thing is, I actually enjoy playing karma quite a bit, her damage is very good (albeit situational) and the fact she's so underplayed means very few people know what to expect, I am now eagerly awaiting the rework that will make her more viable and less of a niche pick whereas before I didn't care too much.
0	What is wrong with you people?  Why so much hate on the guy for having a good wife?   Let's play opposite land... your husband gets laid off, and a year later you come home after yet another 60 hour work week (for which you packed your own lunches) - only to find that, as always, the house is a mess, there's nothing cooked or in the fridge, the kids haven't had dinner, a bath or done their homework, and you have nothing to wear tomorrow.   And it's ALL on you to correct, along with making your own dinner, lunches and dealing with the bills.   The only apparent thing he did all week was drop off the kids, and 6 hours later pick them up.  Probably played some video game or watched soap operas with the rest of his time.  Oh, and he also bought a new $120 fedora, and wants to know if you like it.   What's rolling through your mind right now?  Probably "fuck. that. guy."  Further, would you put up with the same from a friend?  Sibling?  Roommate?  Your own mother?   So why is it that if someone  does  take care of those things you guys make out like their SO is some kind of lazy dirtbag?  Would you consider yourself a lazy dirtbag if you didn't put up with the above?  Would you consider yourself some chauvinist pig, simply because he made you sandwich and ironed your work slacks?  Where exactly is the line?  Is it okay to assume that he does the cleaning, homework and dinner (for only the kids), but everything else is on you?  Even with that, there's still that 6 hours between dropoff and pickup (while you're working) that he doesn't appear to be doing anything - and yet when you get home, you both have equal housework to do.  Is that okay?   Or are there some things he should do for YOU (there's nothing left but "your" stuff) to fill in that time?
1	even though it was in response to trolls?   That's a bad justification, and trolling back a troll is never gonna help.   Now about your case, it depend a lot.   I don't think it's reportable, after all the majority of your team agreed to your cheesy play (assuming you didn't do anything else reportable ofc), but it's probably fair to assume the troll premade reported everyone.   Now if you're a "good" player, you won't get enough report to face the tribunal, and this game will be deleted from the record.   If you end up in tribunal anyway, there is little chance for this game to be the first case, and sadly most of people only care about the first game. You'll probably get judged on your most common attitude, and not a particular game.   But if I had to judge this game, it's gonna be hard to decide.  2 Top, 2 AP, 1 Support with troll summoner?  That's always a sign of some shit going in the champ select.  Unless you're trashtalking, I'll probably Pardon you  if your other cases are neutral/pardonable . If you get reported 4 games with troll summoners, it's punish.
1	Ill never be in perfect physical shape but I go to the gym 6 days a week, Ill never be the pinnacle of perfection as a football player.. but I still go to practice. I agree perfect balance is unachievable especially w new champs, and items every few months. But it doesnt mean stop aiming for it, it also doesnt mean let certain champs spin out of control and dominate league until a more op champ is released.  Consider these winrates though. Are you looking at all leagues? Just LCS? U can afk a lane in bronze and win it.. Win rates become sku'd (severly imo) under challenger.. (No im not challenger, but I do like to read alot, and many players who work their way up to challenger have said that there is still alot to be learned all the way through Diamond II) -Fiora is easy to play in low brackets that will boost her win rate -low knowledge players not know how to itemize against her -low knowledge players grouping up for said ulti and giving her the kill She is a freelow champ that you can play placement-gold I until u get to players who know how to play against her in lane, and as a whole unit. Which is why you dont see her in LCS. Winrates are sku'd honestly.   Lucian is an ADC and though he might have been strong as an ADC, that position is much harder to play, than fiora spam dash, press R... her KIT is easy, but she isnt an auto win if you know how to play against her. Lucians win rates would have been higher if ADC was as easy to play well as a melee top.   Same with Amumu.. do you think an Amumu would catch an entire team in ulti almost every time (as I see daily) in the LCS?..
1	In his Vlog (which came out like 12 hours ago), he mentions how TSM has a million miles to go and they need to strive for perfection and how he's going to get everyone in the same mindset.   Now TRM leaves and he says he's all out of tricks and has nothing left to teach them. He completely changes his attitude and basically says his work in TSM is done. I think TRM leaving must have affected Jonas personally and perhaps made him feel like he "failed" to keep the team together.   Also as a side note, I think everyone on TSM has the common sense to follow Jonas' teachings (and they definitely knew the stuff he was saying before hand). It was really Jonas presence and 3rd party position that let him get the team organized and all on the same page. And as Chaox mentioned in a Vlog, sometimes being reminded what you already know is very helpful. Jonas' cooking and presence made a huge impact on TSM and I really do think if he stayed for another 1-3 months, all his teachings would become permanent TSM habbits and lifestyle changes. I fear that TSM is just going to sink back into old habits and even be mildly depressed that both Jonas and TRM are leaving. If anything, I think TRM leaving would make it even more important for Jonas to stay and keep team morale up. Also TSM has a bad habit of letting wins boost their ego and drop their work ethic by becoming cocky. Jonas being there would probably have prevented this.
1	A collection of thoughts and advice from a lover and veteran of Singed:   Nearly every champion in the game counters Singed; his laning phase is miserably weak early game.   I used to spam Singed, even first picking him in ranked, until I just got completely exhausted from fighting manaless champions with sustain over and over again. You have to recall 5 times for every time they do and eventually you'll naturally fall behind.   With Singed though, the laning phase shouldn't be regarded as too important. Singed is a fairly awful laner and when playing him you need to think ahead, draw aggro from their whole team and never be afraid to pop R + Ghost and go balls deep. Singed can only be considered strong in lane when his Insanity Potion is running; when it's on cooldown it's advisable to back off of your opponent unless ahead. Singed is at his very strongest in lane when you're shoving the creeps into the enemy tower, warded up, and repeatedly diving and flinging the enemy laner out of the tower. Use common sense when doing this, as certain champs will simply annihilate you under their tower (Darius, Kennen). InvertedComposer states that Singed's strongest level is level 2 - this is only true is your opponent is level 1, but I am inclined to disagree. I find that he is at his strongest whenever he his kiting the enemy team. Many players state that Singed's late game is 'OP'. This is simply not true; ultra late game Singed just isn't tanky enough when compared to dedicated tank champions - the need to build items like Liandri's and Serath's Embrace sacrifices too many slots on squishy mage items to tank a 6 item AP/AD carry's damage. You will have difficulty in charging down the enemy carries in teamfight's late game for this reason; it's advisable that you run around the middle of the teamfight poisoning as many targets as possible.   However, one thing I enjoy the most about Singed is the fact that the champ himself comes covered with an insurance policy. Fed lane opponent? No problem; pop ult, charge and fling them, poison minions and run through their towers to proxy farm. Die or recall, buy homeguard, repeat. The sheer amount of games I've won after losing my lane and doing this is astonishing, a true lose lane/win game champion.   The other aspect that I enjoy with playing Singed is the fact that I  want  to be camped as hard as possible by the enemy jungler. In fact, I make it a major objective to waste as much of the enemy jungler's time as possible. Don't cry about being camped when playing Singed; make it a goal - seek it, relish it, enjoy it. Singed is the best attention whore in the game. If at any point in the game no one is giving you any attention, run into the enemy nexus, pop ult and farm two lanes at once. Force their attention on you at all times.   Out of all the playstyles available for Singed, the one I've had by far the most success with is Druiddroid's proxy Singed, and this was after the death streak nerf. If you don't know the playstyle, search 'Druiddroid' on Youtube and go from there. I did this a lot in ranked and it skyrocketed me up from Plat 5 to Plat 1 - and I repeat, this was  after  the death streak nerf, so don't call me a noob for exploiting a well-known loophole in the game's mechanics.   There are some champions, however, that are at the very best of times an absolute ballache for Singed to lane against. Kennen, Karma, Ryze, Kayle, Vladimir, Jayce and, of course, Teemo can all be beaten with well-calculated plays, but can beat you easily without any clever tricks themselves. For those champions, beating Singed is like breathing for them; a natural, sub-conscious process that doesn't demand anything out of the ordinary. To outplay them as Singed, you will have to either a) hide in brush and pop out to last hit. b) push to level 2, pop ghost, fling and sky auto them into your creeps with poison and ignite (extremely risky move that can fail easily) c) proxy them at lvl 1 and write the whole lane off (even riskier). I'm done with those matchups and I've put Singed to rest and taken up jungling now. I'm hoping for jungle Singed to become competitive in S4 then I can play my favourite champion without my balls aching from the huge menu of available counterpicks. What's that . . . they picked a Garen against you? Cool, but they have a Janna support who is going to make your game incredibly hard for you. Singed can just as easily be counterpicked across lanes as he can be in lane. Every champion counters Singed.   And, slightly off-top, why the fuck is Singed one of the top counterpicks to Nasus on championselect.net? Holy shitballs, that couldn't be more wrong. Nasus laughs in the face of Singed's attempts to harass him in laning phase. EDIT: nevermind, someone changed it now, but I swear it was like that for a couple of years.   What champions should Singed always win laning phase against? None. Every champion in the game can be played as a counter if played correctly. Singed has some glaring weaknesses that are incredible easy to exploit in laning phase, which is why I'm hoping to take him into the new jungle. An often overlooked stat on tank champions is base scaling magic resist, which some champions get for free and others do not. Singed does not get any free MR per level, and will have around 30 MR at lvl 18 with no bonuses. This makes him exceptionally weak to magic damage and places a lot of stress upon MR itemisation. The worst situation you can have is when you're playing versus a tough AD top laner, demanding a build for armour, as well as a fed AP mid, which you simply can never have enough gold to cover sufficient armour and MR for. If you want to counter Singed, AP champs will make him work much harder to cover the costs of the MR that other champs like Nasus get for free in generous amounts.   Contrary to popular belief, Singed is not an easy champion to play with at all. It always makes me smile when I see the enemy Lee Sin write in all chat 'ROFL noob pick Singed skillless champ GG'. Singed is not an obviously skill-based champ like Lee Sin, but actually requires a wealth of game knowledge and some esoteric keyboard mechanics to completely master effectively. InvertedComposer's famous guide explains these keyboard mechanics in great detail, the Sky Auto Attack being the most essential of them. Note that you can no longer produce invisible poison with the new keybind interface changes.   For resources, search for guides/streams/videos from the three Grandmaster Singed players: InvertedComposer, Sirhcez and DruidDroid. The three of them cover every playstyle, build and aspect of the champion that there is. As much as I respect InvertedComposer, I find his guide to be somewhat damning of certain items that I have had great success with, Twin Shadows being one that comes to mind. It's an amazing guide, the best game guide ever written in fact, but be aware that he likes to stick rigidly to his math. His champion matchup summaries are useful but assume far too much skill of the reader, making them less useful for beginners. His guide is definitely written with the advanced player in mind. A special mention also goes out to Ranka Lee, another exceptionally talented Singed player who has also written an incredible guide. The Korean player Shy's Singed gained a lot of attention last year, but I feel that this was simply because Singed stood out as a pick in that year's tournament meta; Shy is not a fantastic Singed player and his builds are questionable. Shy stands out for building spellvamp, which I feel is a waste of gold, although Sirhcez has done this with notable success (more likely due to his mechanical excellence giving him the slack to build inefficient items). And, of course, let's not forget Dyrus's don't-give-a-fuck-style Singed.   If Riot nerfs and stops making resourceless top lane champs then I might consider returning to playing Singed again, but due to the popularity of these champions I doubt that this will happen. Mobility Creep (steady increase of mobile champs and items like BotRK, which is the kryptonite of Singed) has also a part to play in slowly killing off my favourite champ - very frequently do I find games where I can't seem to get a single fling off these days. Also, Teemo is getting indirectly buffed with the new masteries in Season 4, as well as a further penalty on deathstreaks, I feel Singed will become a very mediocre top lane pick in the new season.
1	The only champs I find that really benefit from rageblade are Nidalee and to a lesser extent Ezreal. Nidalee unlike Ashe Udyr and Akali has the ability to constantly spam abilities to keep the stacks up even when minions aren't around. Ashe has literally no need for ability power and therefore no need for rageblade. Udyr should only be built either tanky or dps, neither benefit from ability power so again its a waste. Akali does benefit from both ability power and ad but is doing her job wrong if she is staying combat long enough to build meaningful stacks.
1	Catholics consider suicide to be a sin because you are tampering with god's creation, along with quite a few other major religions.
0	They're just going to get a maid. I have one that costs $35/hr. For $70 (that's $23/person), 2x a month, our apartment is pretty damn clean.
1	There is nothing "Wrong" with WotA. If you're AP heavy, it's amazing. A long time ago, sustain was the Meta, which since has changed. Also, 80% of the current community plays SoloQ instead of ranked 5s, and WotA is a team item, not a "Carry" item. (It's an aura, I know that last statement was mainstream).
0	Alright, so get this. When I was doing the Thailand backpacking thing back in my early twenties, I met a couple that seemed really different than most that were out travelling. They were in their mid-late 30's, obviously intelligent with successful and well established careers back home, but they dressed like they'd been out a while and fawned over each other with the young freshly discovered puppy love of two high schoolers. Plus he was German and she was Canadian, it was all a bit odd. After a couple days travelling with them, I finally got around to asking how they got together.   Turns out they'd first met almost 15 years earlier while backpacking through Asia in their 20's. They had a brief and passionate travel fling full of romance and adventure, but eventually went their separate ways to their lives in the real world. Normality ensued, they moved on and lost touch, but neither person forgot the other...   ...until years later, when they both happened to return to Thailand. He was now divorced and on an extended bachelor party with some friends, she was on vacation with her husband and young child. They randomly bumped into each other at the same resort, and it all came rushing back.   I met them roughly 6 months after that random meeting. She sent her husband and child home (in tears, I'm guessing), he took an extended leave of absence from the law firm he co-founded, and they'd been travelling together ever since. I've honestly never seen two people more in love, and they said that while being together again required tearing apart massive parts of their lives back home, neither regretted it. What they had now far overshadowed their lives, and it would be worth it in the end. It was finally their chance to be truly happy.   But when I asked what came next, they didn't seem to know. Their trip had to end soon, but it wasn't clear whether home was to be in Germany or Canada. He had a business, she had a child (and divorce papers to sign), it was going to be complicated. Eventually, she just shrugged and said "dunno, we'll figure it out. It'll be great!"   I have no idea what happened to those two, but as lovely a story as it seemed at first, my guess is it didn't end well...
0	I don't have English for my first language too, but then again I do not have a spoken language that I can call my own entirely really. My father is not sure of where he was indeed born. Being deaf - he obviously spoke little to nothing of his mother tongue (being either bosnian, croatian, or hungarian.) My mother was born in the US but during a time when "deaf" meant keep them in the back behind the real children in the family. "The hard-workers."  It worked wonders for her later in life, and now all of us.   That is another story.   I feel for you because I often try to make jokes and come off sounding like a Jackass. Or I talk too much because I use my hands more than anything really..
1	Do you even play j4? Of course you use your opponents positioning against them...   If their ranged ad jumps one of the walls into the center of the circle, there are a number of things you can do to make them regret that decision. Here's the number one thing that comes to mind.     Hit r again, making it so they just flashed NEXT to your bruisers. gj.     When did i ever mention sheen procs? I said this :   STANDARD preferably past them-> ult them. From there you have a decision tree based off of what they do after you ult. If they flash/dash -> drop wall, q them, and knock them up.  If they don't flash/have an escape up -> auto attack the living hell out of them, and make sure to q before your standard ends.   I think you're underestimating how fast you can E-Q while smartcasting, and j4's early game dmg potential. You also decided to argue against a point i didnt bring up, which was that i use standard for a sheen proc. I use standard as my insurance policy, so that if they flash, i can still be on them, and trade effectively, or still secure a kill.   Also, so you know, you can flash e-r-q-AA-ignite within 1-1.5 seconds if you know the timing of each skill.   This is obviously only applicable when a kill is assured, or has a high likeliness to happen. The only other time i would do this is if i catch someone being too ballsy in lane, and making it so they HAVE TO LEAVE LANE. if you land the combo like this with 2 dorans and boots, you should deal somewhere close to 50-60% of any normal botlaner, and if you have been denying them farm time by threatening to wombo combo them with your lane partner or 1v1 toplane, you should be able to win your lane with a few kills, or just winning your lane while denying their ad carry/top laner cs.   Regarding towerdives. Do you know what 200-300 dmg + a knockup does to a towerdive? It changes the entire dynamic of what the divers wanted to do.   Unless it's obvious you have your ult up and are 1v3 at 20% hp and have been behind all game and have had 0 ganks and have only a dorans blade/boots and hare yelling in all chat, "COME GET ME!", you should be able to do SOMETHING about SOME towerdives. I never said, "Thwarts any tower dive at any HP 100%!", so don't strawman me.   I would also like to point out the fact that you travel a large distance with his ult, which can often REPLACE needing to use his E-Q to get in, this goes back to you misrepresenting my flash combo.   You seem to want j4 to just walk in and dominate, which means that he would have to have SOME sort of utility nerf, which i think would affect his overall kit too much.
1	I started with HoN for about 4 years ago, I and it was an amazing game! But then s2 pretty much destroyed it, every champ they released was OP as fk, there was never any balance at all. And then  dota came and it was just like HoN was during the beta, really amazing,  but after all those years with HoN i quickly grew tired of it and started with LoL instead!
1	For all the haters of how the "new system" works an easy explanation:   The ready check waits until everyone hit accept, decline or pressed nothing, WHY? u ask? If lets say there are 5 ppl afk, would you rather que up 5 times and always have to reque because each of this 5 ppl is pushed out of que alone or would you rather wait once, see that 5 ppl decline and then get straight into the game after the first que didn't get you ingame?
1	It does. I've played 9 games i think of ap naut since that video and done well individually in most of those games, and even when i didnt my scoreline was poor more due to poor team performance (myself included) or some other factor.   AP reds, Scaling HP yellows, scaling AP blues, AP quints.  21/9/0 Start Flask/3pots/yellowtrinket   just survive best you can till 6 (though you put out good damage as long as you time your cc right) and get a roa ASAP, after that you have a few choices. DFG is my favorite I think, every one of your abilities does magic damage so DFG is murder. Other 2nd item choices are zhonyas/nashors(it's quite good for naut in this build)/abysal   i even went even/beat in lane a diamond zed with a plat ww babysitting mid lane (i'm gold5 though think i am slightly better than this may indicate) while my autolock garen jungle was spinning around in the jungle.
1	Well not to be too blunt, but what did you expect? Have you only been following them as a team for like 5 minutes? They are ALWAYS like that, and they have a lot on their plates right now, did you honestly expect Regi to sit there and take all those questions seriously? It's Regi, the dude is a fun loving spazz, and even though he gets a lot of hate from people, he's a mostly nice guy. Yeah they may have not answered more than a few questions but that's better than never doing one at all. How many teams even offer to do Q&A's at all?
1	When you did a duoq when the elo system was still used you were matched against people with both elos avaraged + a tiny amount extra.   For example: 1000 and 1600 duoq. They will be matched against people with around 1300+a bit elo. This makes sense, doesnt it?   I assumed that elo is now replaced with mmr.   We now have a 1500 (this is around gold5 on top of my head) and a 1800 duoq. Avarage is now 1650(or gold3 rating). The 2 silvers and our bronze 5 are supposed to be around the 1650-1700 mmr, which i find very doubtfull.   Now it is safe to assume that at least one of the duo's mmr is way below it is supposed to be. This is possible since they are in the lowest devision already and cant be demoted.   Even if what i said is wrong it will not make sense when a duoq duo is matched against people with a lower mmr that the person with the lowest mmr in the duo.
1	Well, UOL did have a chance to change their 3rd and 4th pics, but they didn't. Then it was up to SK to change or not, and it was definitely unsportsmanlike to change to UOL's previous 5th pick. On the other hand, UOL could have changed one of their other changeables to secure it, if it was that important.
1	We can assume that, with a 0 mph frame of reference for Solipsze, that the flash frost will be traveling at 220mph. That's a rate of 3.67 miles per minute, or 0.27 minutes per mile.
0	I'm going to go ahead and admit what you probably already assumed: I am not an expert on food addiction. I'm sorry that you struggle with that issue, and I hope that you are happy, or if not that you can find a way to be happy regardless of what sounds like a difficult problem.   What follows is unsolicited advice, so please stop reading if you aren't interested. I know you've probably heard everything I'm about to say before, and I know you probably don't care what some stranger on the internet has to say. And maybe you don't care to change you life at all, that's cool too. Just in case you haven't heard these thoughts and are interested, I figured I'd write them out. Mostly for my own benefit, I guess. For the TiTP kind of crowd, I guess I'll throw a [TW: calorie counting, exercise advice, unsolicited advice, fat shaming, whatever else]   If you have the means to see a therapist and don't already, it's worth looking into. If you've never seen a cognitive behavioral therapist and have the means to see one, it is worth mentioning that some people see incredible success with this method. Talk therapy can be very helpful as well. This isn't meant to be condescending. I see a therapist regularly, even when I don't feel the need. Just to clear the old noggin.   Tracking your calories sounds really lame. It's boring and tedious, and it take a long time to see any effects. The thing is, it works. Guaranteed. If you buy a food scale, which are about $20, it's pretty easy to be super accurate. The wonderful thing about calorie counting is that if you are accurate in your reporting and you hit your caloric goals, you can eat pretty much whatever you want. The key is to find out you TDEE which you can do [here]( If you eat around 200-300 calories less than your TDEE a day then you will lose weight at a healthy rate. Even if those calories are made up of shitting things. It's better if you do it with healthy food, but you can still do it eating junk food. The difference is that with junk food you will hit your calorie limit much sooner. The other great thing about a healthy diet is that you can give yourself a cheat day or meal and still see results. If you can make it a week eating healthy, then it isn't a problem to eat all the unhealthy crap you want once a week. I maintain a healthy weight by counting calories and exercising, but once a week I go to town and eat an entire pizza and a pint of ice cream, or a burger and fries and a pint of ice cream. I make a day of it and eat greasy foods for breakfast and lunch too, because I feel like letting myself go entirely for one day helps keep me on track for the rest of the week.   The other thing, which obviously you have heard before, is that if you exercise heavily then you can eat a lot and still lose weight. If you are exercising heavily, you can eat a lot of carbs and it isn't a problem. For a lot of people an injury or condition like asthma prevents them from being to active. That's a rough deal. For most injuries, you can work around them in some way though. I would recommend weight lifting to pretty much everyone. The benefit of weight lifting over a lot of cardio is that weight lifting causes you to burn calories even when you aren't at the gym. Your body burns calories while you are resting to build the muscles that you used to lift. There are all kinds of ways to get into lifting, and tons of great subreddits and youtube channels that can help get you started.   The other pseudo-science thing I want to say, which please feel free to ignore, is that it seems like maybe you could try to re-locate your reward response to a slightly healthier food. For instance, fries are pretty bad for you. Sweet potato fries are much less bad for you, but have similar properties. I love to reward myself for a good week of exercise with a big pile of sweet potato fries.   It's obviously not the same, but I have a pretty unhealthy relationship with ice cream, if you didn't notice when I was talking about my cheat days. I've eaten at least a pint in one sitting every week for about nine years now. Oftentimes I ate more. That probably doesn't sound to horrible, but I get pretty compulsive about it. I can't skip a week, I can't wait an extra two days, I can't change which brand or flavor. If I try I feel really upset and fixate on until I can find the flavor I like. I've spent hours looking for the right kind of ice cream, going from shop to shop. I'm less crazy about it now because when I'm craving ice cream I say, "no, I get to have ice cream on Sunday. If I have it now then I haven't earned it." It helps me, it might not help anyone else.
1	The LCS has been an absolute boon to me, as a player and as a fan. I've gotten to see so many strategies and techniques, which, even though I doubt I'll be directly using anytime soon, I have to say that it makes the pro scene more accessible to me to watch, learn from, and enjoy. I always missed the big tournaments, and generally, all the secondhand info I would get about them would sour me on watching them as they were spoiled anyway. With the current system, 1) if I miss one, there's generally another coming soon, be it NA LCS, EU LCS or OGN, 2) The VoDs are more frequent and are from more sources now, and 3) We get to actually feel closer to the teams. I never have really been excited about any particular teams before, but Vulcun have somehow become my favorite.
0	A lot has to deal with the transition era in the Vietnam war.   Since the Vietnam war was the first one the American people saw on television and didn't just read in the newspaper. It hit home and people didnt like it.   Veterans returning home where spit on, shamed, and treated terribly. It wasn't a good time period for thoes serving. Though, no fault of their own.   Once people kinda realized it was more about support for the son or daughter overseas than supporting a war. Attitudes changed.   Then everyone kinda was like: shit, we were kinda assholes to thoes guys coming home. So more support was drummed up and it slowly got better.   However, I don't think anyone sat the public down and said "Thanks for changing your mind and supporting us as troops, you don't have to do all this". Kinda balooning out from there.   Then 9-11 rules around and everyone went full MURICA. Everyone signed up for war and because of the way news reports happen in this current political climate culture, support the troops became a political grandstanding position. If you don't support the troops, your a dirty terrorist. So everyone goes above and beyond, so not too hint they might not support the troops. Then a holiday called veterans day comes around and kinda just splashes more pressure on top.
0	I replied to this so it could reach you like, personally:   If this is the case, you don't have a friendship at all, but an inequitable relationship. I kind of think you owe it to the both of you to tell him the truth, and if it doesn't work out, you can adjust your feelings accordingly.   Relationships, be them platonic, romantic, or otherwise, demand parity. Without that, you really have nothing.
1	You wanna surprise us with some math then?   Edit: I got your back bro. FoN stats: 40 hp/5, 76 MR, 8% movespeed, Unique Passive: regenerates 0.35% of your champions max hp per second. Now some numbers:   Every 1000 hp will give you 3.5 hp per second which is 17.5 hp/5. Assuming you have an hp item or two, we can safely Assume you'll be at 3000 ish hp. FoN passive now gives you 10.5 hp per second or 52.5 hp/5, now add that to the 40 base hp/5 it gives and we have 92.5 hp/5. To put it in perspective, the hp regen Baron buff gives you is 3% of max hp/5 which comes out to be 90 hp/5 in this case.
0	Completely agree. I'd also add that for many people in this thread complaining about their mother in law, your Significant other might be the problem. A LOT of people talk to their parents about their relationship issues. The issue with this, Parents give great advice but don't forget.   I had an ex who really hurt a relationship doing this with her mom. I was younger and i couldn't figure out why her mom hated me so much. In hindsight it's obvious why her mom hated me. She didn't tell her mom everything great I did but was sure to vent to mommy when I pissed her off. It's easy to ignore the good when you only hear the bad.
1	I got into the same area a while back, and it feels good when I am playing with my group of friends and they say something like, "why would you go leona over dunco?" or, "why isn't Dunco jungling?"(obviously not the same role)  but I found myself wanting to play other roles.  For this I started playing different roles, and random build that I wanted to try, not all of which followed the meta.  In the end my normal win/loss ended up a lot more even than what had been a constant 40+ lead on wins which I am still working my way back to, but I appreciated the time, and as I have stuck with it I have even found newer champions to play in my original two roles.  I think that you should prepare to loose a decent amount of the games, but I would say experiment more than just different roles in the meta, but try to play outside of the meta for a while, and you will likely find that you learn a few nuances about the game that you had previously missed.  I wouldn't say that you should stop playing your better roles though, I made sure to mix in a few sure wins in the roles I knew I was good at to keep myself from smashing my computer into pieces, but I now find that I am more comfortable all over the map instead of the two roles I had played previously.
1	TSM has carried NA and managed to make the region look better than it is, in my opinion. But if you take an unbiased look at the other "top" teams they're mostly weak or lackluster overall. I wouldn't trust CLG to perform, for example. C9 has been on an upswing, definitely, but they still aren't at their previous level. TiP is good but I doubt most of their players, besides XWX, would manage to impress on a bigger stage. None of the other teams are really worth discussing as of right now.
1	I did actually, ask any of my friends. But let me use this time to complain if you don't believe me. I don't like that many men in LoL are super buff and muscular. It isn't at all a reflection of real life. Varus isn't naked, but he's damn close. The overly-muscular men  are  realistic though, considering they are warriors going into battle. Could they put a shirt on though? Absolutely. The women certainly don't dress for the part at all either. And how many female monster-type creatures do we have compared to men? And even the female monsters (Soraka and her horn comes to mind, who else is there?) are skinny and have big tits.   I don't think any women are upset when characters are sexualized for a reason, but Zyra could just as easily been fat guy or a creature from the void, but nope. They made her with a "perfect" female body. And I don't think women would be upset if even half of the characters were sexualized for absolutely no reason. But every single female has perfect tits and is super skinny, even though it adds absolutely nothing to the characters themselves. Zyra could have been an actual plant, or some type of creature-hybrid Bellsprout looking champ and it would have made more sense.   If anything,  it's the personality that's the real problem . Nidalee's /d pole dance or french maid skin, Kitty Katarina, or Officer Caitlyn add NOTHING to the champions except making them sexier for sales from horny pubescent boys. Nidalee could just as easily throw her spear at a wall and do the limbo but they had her flip her hair and dance like a stripper.
0	His name is Leslie Daniel Osborn. He was born with Lagophthalmos, the inability to close the eyelids, in a time when surgery was not so keen. The resulting surgery left his eyes always half closed, and a defined Asian appearance. He was constantly taunted as a child growing up in Australia, and always felt an as an outcast, so he joined the Military at a young age.   He fought in WW2, Korea, and Vietnam. In WW2, both he and his father were POWs and were at one point in the same camp together, during Korea he got frostbite and was stuck in a hospital for most of it.   In Vietnam he started out in the initial advisory roles role, where he received the Australian Military Medal  [read more here](   The Vietnamese he was advising were enamored to him compared to the others, because they identified with him. The officers took note, and asked if he would do some scouting, and eventually, undercover work.   He learned Vietnamese, learned customs, and before going on on mission would eat nothing but bugs and other "bush food" as he called them to acquire the smell, along with not showering.  He would scout small villages, and note the attitudes and possible location of Vietcong troops.   Once he met up with Vietcong troops and stayed with them for 7 days, taking notes on movement, position, and morale. This all resulted in coordinated air strikes by American and Australian forces upon upon his return or access to radio.
1	Fuck yeah SNSD!   Edit: Since I'm being downvoted, I'd just like to explain that SNSD is an abbreviation for So Nyeo Shi Dae, the romanized Korean pronunciation of Girls' Generation, the artists of a song named Gee which features the lyrics in the above comment.
0	This I think is the ultimate issue at least between white americans and african americans.  For some reason african americans appear to think that they are owed something because of slavery or the civil rights movement.  You know what?  Those events were horrible and they are bad times in America's history.  Something else to consider though is that I am white and my family didn't come to America until after the turn of the 20th century which is after the abolition of slavery.  Then my parents weren't born until in the midst of the civil rights movement in the 60s.  So then my parent did not have any influence on the repression of civil rights for african americans.  So to recap my family has had zero influence on the oppression of african americans in the past so why should I be held responsible for people who are not related to me simply because of the color of my skin.
0	The key is to warm your car up a tiny bit before you drive. Either start it up a bit before you get in with the heat pointed at the window, or take the long route out of your neighborhood before getting on busy roads and let your engine heat up, therefore increasing the heat coming out of the vents. If you get water on your windshield on the highway, don't use just your wipers, use the washer fluid as well. If you don't it will just make it worse, the salt will spread everywhere. If you use the washer fluid before your car is semi warm however, the thin layer of it might freeze.
1	ROFL   you're so fucking mad. yeah how dare i educate my fellow gamer about problems that are extremely common among people who spend a lot of time sitting (anterior pelvic tilt). such pseudo-intellectualism, someone with a bio B.S. degree who has done a ton of research for self-fitness purposes actually providing the correct terminology in case anyone wants to google it and learn more.   please shut up. if you think my original post was anything more than a 5-second joke, you need to stop projecting whatever fucked up ideas you have. not everyone takes the internet as seriously as you.   finally, everything i said i said with the confidence of having researched the subject for over the past two years on my own in addition to whatever basic knowledge i acquired in school. i hate pseudo-science, i and hate people like you for not knowing the difference between what's legit and what's not. a 10-second google of Anterior Pelvic Tilt would've educated you that what I am talking about is not in any way bogus, and is one of the most increasingly big problems in sedentary lifestyle first-world countries.
1	Hey guys, let me tell you my first experience with MizzPeach, the "passionate" person with "interesting PR skills." Up until 3 days ago, I had no idea who MizzPeach was. I only found out who she was because I had the fortune of playing with her as my support and I ended up googling her. [MatchHistory!]( During the game, she blatantly trolled. MizzPeach insisted that Thresh with a statik shiv was a legitimate build and was only in lane up until about 10:00. She had no problem ruining the game for 4 other people and she kept saying "I'm MizzPeach", as if that would excuse her behavior.   I'm hoping that game was a part of her "interesting PR skills" because she truly made me remember who she is.
1	Get a dictionary and look up the definition of mechanic.  It does not exclusively refer to a person of a specific occupation.   Perhaps at one time, this might have been considered incorrect, but language evolves.  Example - RaDAR.  It was just an acronym for a long time, but eventually as it became a household term, it was coined as an official word (iirc sometime in the 80s).
1	I never leave a game   Followed by   >  However, if 1 or more person trolls me on porpuse, just let me die, flames me, doesnt help, just QQ's etc, i go straightup AFK   Going AFK is no better than straight up leaving a game. Just mute the other person and carry on playing. Why ruin the game for 8 other people because one guy happens to be a little prick. To answer your question you are  more  toxic than the guy who is raging flaming or whatever.   He makes the game unfun to play, you make the game more difficult, almost impossible to win for your teammates. You should and will be punished if you continue doing this and should stop doing it immediately.
0	I'm an English professor who teaches argumentative writing. There are no right or wrong opinions; the student's work should be evaluated by how well the opinion in the essay is supported, and how well the argument is presented. If anyone can present a well supported, well written argument that the moon is made of green cheese (or that it's okay to eat children, as Swift did) then it deserves a good grade. Period.
1	In low elo, mechanics dont mean too much.. If you start maining Vayne now, and play a lot of games (+300), you'll play Vayne very well, get fed a lot, maybe even carry yourself out of bronze.   The plays you saw by Gragas and Riven, i.e Riven nearly made a comeback on the third try, despite being very well kited and was condenmned at a good moment, she was 1 autoattack of killing vayne, are not gonna happen in Bronze 2 - so you don't need to kite like that in the video, you just need basic kite skills to 1v1 a bronze player.   Gragas did one shot combos, which maybe is possible in bronze, but not as smooth, fast or non-predictable as in the video - his skillshots are hard to hit for a bronze player etc.   What i'm trying to say - you can't play Vayne at an insane high level like in this video - when no one else in bronze is playing at that level. Do you think the Vayne in the video kites bronze players like that? No. Because they aren't as good as the Riven or the Gragas player in the video, it isn't needed, they miss their riven stuns, their ults, Gragas players fails to do a oneshot combo and knocks the player unintentionally away etc..
1	AP champs shouldn't be able to kill tanks anyway. As you said, AP is burst, AD is DPS. AD champions should deal consistent damage to tanks. Tanks should be able to survive any sort of burst from an AP champion. AP champions should be able to burst down AD champions.
1	Are you really comfortable playing Malphite/Yorick/other champions that you don't usually seem to play? Saying this, the two games you played champions you're extremely comfortable with (Singed, Vlad), were two of your best chances against Azubu Blaze. Yorick and Malphite games...not so much. I don't know if it's how comfortable you are with them, or just how the champions do vs Azubu's playstyle, but yeah.
1	Like all things this guideline can't be attributed to a single cause, but many.   1)  When you're younger you have the free time to invest into a game. You may have a part time job or school work, but you can invest your time into a game rather than a family, career, etc.   2) Reaction time is on average lessened as you age, just as in any sport. This of course isn't to say that experience, muscle memory, or repetition can't make you better than younger competitors, but it still acts as a barrier.   3)  Life obligations are looming. If you're 28 years old and you're playing professional LoL you're directly handicapping yourself later in life unless you are able to find a more reliable form of monetary income such as casting or having a successful youtube channel. If you think that League will be sustainable forever, I remind you that the same sentiments of optimism surrounded SC2's scene.
1	Morgana is good for learning, but playing Anivia as a 1 month noob was the first time I really felt like I was in control of what I was doing in mid. Her skill shot is a little slower, but isn't affect by minions which made it easier (for me to land). Her ult is self-explanatory and makes her the best farmer in the game. Her passive means you get a second chance when you die. Her wall is the hardest part about her, and for newbies playing against newbies, you can afford to miss a few.   /end derail
0	Post secondary is so much easier when it comes to managing your social life. There are so many people in highschool that are just so much different than you are. Some are even intolerant to your differences which is beyond me and blows my mind.
1	I really think riot should reduce the IP price of the runepages. Let's face it. You need a lot of runepages to play every single role perfectly. IMO Runepages ATLEAST 1 for Akali, 1 for Ryze, 2 for AD carries, 2 for AP carries, 2 for Junglers (ad and ap), 1 for support, and 4 for solo top ( 1, heavy phyiscal counter, 2, heavy magic counter, 3, armor-offense and 4 magicres offense) + 2 for what you think you work best on 1-2 champion   This is at least 15 runepages, since u get 2 for free you still have to buy  13 = 81900 IP , averaging with 500IP day, it's still 163,8 day to get it. So you have to play almost a half year, to get  ONLY!  the runepages. You even have to buy runes for it, which is (counting on my AD page, which is the cheapest 1 from all)   1025x3 = 3075   410x9 = 3690   205x18 = 3690 (2x9)  This is  ->  Flat AD Quint, Armor Yellow, AS Glyph and Flat AD Mark  Total cost is : 10455 (cheapest runepage).  With the 500IP average it's another  ~21days  And you have to do it again for 14 times. So there were ~164 days to get all the runepages, and ~21 day to get  1!  Runepage done. To get every runepage done you have to play the  total of 458 day, and you still don't have any champions!!   Sorry for my bad english, and please say if I have anything wrong in the math. Thanks!
1	as a regular blitzstar player, use ranged characters. the power of a good blitzstar combo is that you can't anticipate when the pull will come (as in, they won't move obviously towards you to aim a pull), and will try to zone you from creeps. if you get pulled a few times and get frightened, the zone is even more powerful.   what makes life most difficult as blitzstar (for me, at least) is either ranged attacks (ashe or cait can get all the creeps without us being able to touch them, and are fast enough to duck behind creeps for cover from grab), or shielders - mordekaiser, sivir's spell shield, heimer shielding himself with turrets.
1	Not all smurfs are rude to newer players.I just had a sejuani game where my team(Cho,Liss,Vayne) flamed me since i didnt get dragon vs a nunu while being pushed in, helped cho in lane(with 2 ganks), defend top in a middle of a fight, or help my team defend a lost tower and all 3 die while me and annie take 2 towers.
1	it's essentially a fake turn time honestly, and right click -> W is actually much harder to accomplish correctly than just clicking W, it's another action you have to preform, imagine a nidalee running directly alongside a wall then right when it got to a thin part she immediately jumps about double the length of a riven dash right through that  wall with no delay whatsoever. Nidalee's cant do this right now, it will always take a little bit of time to turn so you can jump that wall, you cant click behind it because then you'll just path around it, you may not even be able to click right onto it because you're so close to the wall already that your character wouldn't finish rotating by the time he finished pathing.
1	This is going to get downvoted and buried, but a basic little lesson on contracts, specifically regarding vague terms and "unconscionable" clauses in contracts.   First:  the lack of an appeals process means nothing. Really. The appeals process that remains is court action. The waiver clause (waiving TSMs ability to even bring a claim in contract in court), given the contract, seems to lack sufficiency to hold up in court on this issue. If it does, then I'm sorry to say that people  can  enter into bad contracts, and if they want out, they have to go through processes to do that. There's no inherent right for someone to receive an absolutely fair contract.   Second : Vagueness of the clause in question: Riot has a clause that seems vague dealing with LCS regulations and rulings. A vague clause in a contract is  not  illicit per se. Rather, vague clauses (with ambiguous terms) can allow for the introduction of Parole evidence to define the clause. Parole evidence means any evidence outside the contract (and I'm assuming the contract between the groups is a completely integrated agreement, with this vague term). What this means is the groups can present evidence to prove that the terms in question function in a specific way.   Third : Unconscionable clause: Reggie could try to claim that the LCS ruling clause is unconscionable. This will be very hard to prove. On the procedural front, Reggie (and TSM) have full freedom to enter into the contract if they so desire, and are paid by Riot. That side is fine. The issue turns on whether there is substantive unconscionability.   Simply put, the terms in the contract are unfavorable, in some instances, to the teams, but they are not unreasonably unfavorable. They do not "shock" anyone reading the contract. They do not limit the ability of contract holders to actually break the contract at any time. Now, the waiver of suit may be unconscionable (depending on the circumstances; given both sides are sophisticated actors, a court may have less tolerance to entertain Reggie's claim that this was unconscionable), but the ruling likely will not be. Again, Reggie had no obligation to take this deal, and he may leave it if he desires.   As such, despite wild accusations on this subreddit, that clause will likely not be deemed unconscionable. Same with the "no appeal" clause, as appeals are not expected in contracts between employer and employee, or other contracted entities. Instead, issues typically are brought as claims to a court or resolved via 3rd party arbitration.   Fourth : Claim to bring against Riot.   At most, Reggie can claim that he has had 2000$ withheld from him. However, to accomplish this, Reggie first has to overcome the waiver clause (which would take time, resources, and could easily fail). Waiver clauses are often deemed unconscionable ( see Supra ), but if this clause was not, Reggie would instantly fail (and lose whatever money he spent on a lawyer. Given the typical 350$ per hour fee, that could easily exceed the $2000 right there). Riot will contest other aspects of the sufficiency of the claim in this step, as well.   Reggie would have to claim that his denial of funds was unwarranted under the contract. Again, Riot will contest this claim.  They'd have to present evidence against each other. Given the massive amount of correspondence that Riot deals with, and the nature of discovery, this could cost a small fortune (hundreds of thousands of dollars) just to ascertain the info.   Then Reggie would have to prove that the information was sufficient to even bring the claim against riot, lest summary judgment be entered on behalf of Riot against him. If he cannot, and discovery reveals that key facts are not in dispute (they may not be, but who knows?), then Reggie will instantly lose. Again, losing all the money he's spent so far.   That's even before we get to full trial (if he goes that way).   If arbitration, there is still the initial processes to overcome (but the issue then won't go to trial). And arbitration might even be appealed.
1	Anyone who's watched OGN for any extended amount of time will understand just how far ahead Monte is in terms of analysis over every other caster. The only two that come close (but are still far behind imo) are Jatt and Kobe though Kobe can sometimes jump the gun a bit and make predictions which never happen.   I've said it before and i'll say it again.  EU is just miles behind . Quickshot is not analyst material and has always been a better host (very good at allstars for instance) and a better play by play commentator (when he was in NA for a few weeks).   Deman and Joe are both play by play and as much as I love them both they don't offer very good analysis when they cast together and should be saved for 3 man teams.   Deficio is getting there slowly... but he has a habit of just stating whats already happened without a whole lot of insight into why it was done. Like he'll list off "first they did this, then they did dragon and got 2 kills, then they pushed the mid tower". It's like he's aiming his analysis at people who have literally no clue what just happened. Though he is improving and has been doing much better lately.   EU would benefit so much from another analyst who knows his stuff. Someone like Krepo for instance. But with how Krepo has been playing lately I feel like his casting career is a long ways off.   You could also argue that the OGN english casting crew caters to a very niche audience compared to LCS and it's safe to assume most of the english people following the Korean scene know the basics so they don't have to Shepard the audience throughout the game.
0	Quick story I guess.   First time i was bullied was around 9th grade. Before this no one really bothered me because my sister was the most popular girl in school.  So basically if you fucked with me, you would be pissing her off which I guess was a horrible idea.   Anyway, the kid ill call John, came up to me and knocked my books out of my hands, and wanted to fight me. Didn't do anything to him, I guess he wanted to look cool in front of everyone. He decide to try and get me into a head-lock or something but I pushed him off me. Then I obliged him in retaliation by punching him in the throat.   Kid went down like a sack of bricks holding his neck. I just picked up my books and went to class. No teachers asking about it, no one talked to me about it (had only 3-4 friends in high school). Everything went back to how it was and no one fucked with me anymore.  School for me was pretty nice.   Also had a small fight with an old best friend. Guess i'll tell that story if anyone is interested.
0	I'm not saying that it is. Actually, some very interesting studies comparing prostitution to marriage have been done.   See: Michael Noer; "The Economics of Prostitution", published in Forbes, February 11, 2006.   Additionally, third-wave does not, by generalized standards, have an opposition to prostitution, but rather aims to receive equal benefits and protections for women who choose to work in prostitution, such as in Brazil or Argentina, rather than a system where prostitution is forced upon women by social dysfunction or human trafficking. (Both serious issues in the US system).
0	Because life is about dealing with tough issues.   We cant put warning labels on the entire world. If we don't have experiences where we face tough and unsettling (even horrifying) situations, we won't know how to handle them later. You learn and grow by experiences. It is like keeping a kid in a clean room, the moment he goes outside he will get sick because he didn't build up an immune system. The situation won't actually hurt you. It may be emotionally jarring, but we're big kids (or in the process of becoming big kids) so emotions are our own problems.  If no one is intentionally targeting you, then you have to learn to deal.   Your way of dealing can be discussing why it isn't a good subject to have in the media, fine. So work on changing the social cues. But don't expect the world to come with a warning label. There are so many ways to upset so many people that it is impossible to label them all. And then who ever got missed will sue.   There's nothing wrong with compassion. There's nothing wrong with media programs that are politically correct. There's nothing wrong with being compassionate. But don't force warning labels on the whole world, because you're only making a generation of kids in a bubble. They have to go outside sometime.
0	He's only half black so only half of him is 3/5 of a human being.
0	This]( was the first time I even heard if Abercrombie and Fitch. I really didn't give a shit about clothing brands, I still don't. My friends and I all cringed at this video, and it quickly became a running joke in our little crew.
1	my friend early s2 told me irelia was op. I was lev 10 at the time and didn't know any other champs. I saved and irelia was the first champion I got. I played 30+ games with her in a row, and learned to llay her. by level 26 I had op a reflexes.
0	As a liberal, I hate being stereotyped as someone against the second ammendment and whatever other bullshit propoganda people believe from the NRA.   I support the second ammendment. I'm from Texas,  everyone here has a gun. But to pretend that making backround checks more stringent is an infrigement upon the second ammendment is silly, to put it mildly.   Another thing about the second ammendment: I'm fairly certain no one from the NRA or anyone who listens to them has actually read the constitution or the second ammendment, because the entire sentence of the oft-quoted phrase "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed" reads "A WELL REGULATED (emphasis added) militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."   So without getting into whether they actually meant to say firearms owners are allowed arms only to be in militias (possible), people (NRA and their blind, decoted followers) keep ignoring the word "regulated" in their favorite sentence of their favorite ammendment.   As a side note, I think the "guns don't kill people, people kill people" argument is a little crude but has the right idea. That being said, wouldn't incteased backround checks agree with that idea?   /rant
1	With many new mana items like the new lich bane, new archangel staff and unholy grail, mid laner can afford to not have blue (unless he is swain or anivia ofc)   Lately its not uncommon for jungler to get 2nd or even  3rd  blue and then the most  intensive mana user  gets its (usually mid laner)   I mean as  Skarner/Olaf lvl 5-9  I make huge plays and effective use of blue by  ganking  all day long,  slaughtering  my jungle in seconds and  counterjungling  to the point I make enemy jungler ragequit.... why give it to mid who will  most likely  give it to enemy mid/jungler or just stands idle in mid farming...   Extra thoughts:  Obviously Lee Sin, Shyvana, Mundo etc do not need blue no matter what.. in case mid is a non mana dependant champ like Kennen, Vlad... why not give it to top Irelia/Jayce/ Nidalee  for them to give pain... or even  Urgot  bot lane or Soraka, Sona supports...
1	Yes and that tiny yordle controls the powers of lightning.   Your friend sounds like the kind of person that can't watch a movie set somewhere other than present day Earth and just points out all the things that aren't the same.
1	Her passive is pretty much useless, the only time its useful is if you play ashe support, where your support sits in the bush for like 20 seconds then crit harasses. Other than that, her ult is pretty useless at all stages in the game. By mid game it may garuntee the first attack in a teamfight is a crit, but even then you should already be running IE and maybe a zeal, so its not like you wouldn't crit already, also since you are still farming, it doesn't really give you that much more crit if you walk from lane to dragon to a teamfight.   Early game as AD, while last hitting its totally worthless... Late game, yeah pretty worthless again.
0	This isn't even close to Jim Crow. The key difference here is that black people never chose to be black. They were being punished for something they couldn't change or even hide. Anti-smoker laws are far more justified. Firstly smokers chose to start smoking and even had to work at it to get through their first couple of packs. Then they continue to smoke. So they are being punished for a decision they continue to make. Secondly, second-hand smoke is almost as dangerous as first-hand smoke. So now their actively screwing over anyone who happens to be downwind when they smoke. I choose not to smoke and I'll be damned if some dumbass who does increases my chances for lung cancer. They don't even have to fucking quit! They have e cigs that are legal in doors and nobody will bitch about!   I'm sorry but smoking is a stupid pointless choice that people make and there is no reason non-smokers should have to waste their tax money to facilitate the stupid decisions of smokers.
1	This. He may end up getting frustrated just because of the skill gap. He won't be  mad  at you, but you two may end up in a fight that goes about like this; "IM TRYING MY BEST" - " I KNOW. JUST DONT X" - "whats x?" -" OMG."   :|
0	Louisiana here. Alimony is still alive and well here. I love both my parents and understand why what happened happened. That being said, from a legal standpoint My mom moved out of the house and quit counseling even though my dad kept going. She still got at least temporary alimony, and a surprising amount at that.   As far as which side is better btw divorce or a discontent household, I know only this. Because of just how different each parent's POV was, looking back I don't know what the truth about a lot of things were, all I have is each parents perspective and what I physically observed to be true. What I can confirm is that their setup allowed me a great house in a great neighborhood growing up alongside friends I still talk to today. Inside the house was in constant division, people picking sides (alliances of convenience). Lots of tension and a lot of conflicts. I snuck out a lot to avoid it/deal with it. I also drank a lot.   Would I have been happier in 2 separate houses? I try not to think about that too often because honestly I'll never know. I couldn't stand the constant conflict, so when I was old enough to move out I moved out and I only came back once briefly when I ran out of money. I always enjoyed visiting but never felt comfortable staying there once I had enough resources to afford other options. That house just sold last weekend. My mom was with me the day before we had to vacate and we went and said our last goodbyes to all the pets we had buried over the years. That was a hard day. Even though she couldn't see a future with my dad it deeply saddened her to have to leave that house.   A positive thing I can say about it all was that I was afforded equal opportunity to see both of my parents, which is something you don't get in 2 separate houses. So was I better or worse off? I think there would be trade-offs either way. I don't think there's really a good way to go about it. Pick your poison.
0	Yeah the programmers who designed our sites were not so skilled at making them user friendly. It's a small company, and our IT and programmers are family members of the company president.
1	So rather than giving you a one sentence response.  I'll briefly explain what you should be doing with Sir Trox of the Dunk.   BORK is a decent item if you're behind.  It lets you fight your lane opponent regardless of how ahead he/she/it is.  If you have to go the BORK route, make sure to get tanky immediately afterwards.  Your goal in teamfights is to be as obnoxious as possible.  Typically you will have bork, randuins, and SV in a late game situation like this.  Just hop at the carry with your jungler, pop randuins and be a tanky rock that absorbs tons of damage.   Hydra is the other major option.  With this item your goal is to shove your lane.  Typically I find I can sneak in a second damage item before going tanky, typically it is Trinity Force, but BORK or BT could work too.  Most of the game will be spent split pushing, and when you do finally group up, you come in like a wrecking ball.
1	I've only recently started watching tournament footage, but from the trash-talking I've seen from most North American teams (TSM especially comes to mind), M5 doesn't seem any more or less unprofessional in their commentary.  I think people are just upset because they come from relative obscurity in the tourney circuit (nvm their ridiculous skrims), AND they are doing some light trash talking while they roll over the more well known teams.
0	There are two issues you're not addressing here which completely change this argument     The government confers real and tangible benefits to married couples, therefore your musings on 'it is not something bestowed by the state' are irrelevant. I meant that, they are utterly irrelevant. It is a civil rights issue, because they are conferring special rights to heterosexual couples that they aren't conferring to same-sex couples. Because of this, the state must prove a compelling state interest in doing so, and conservatives know they cannot, hence the push for a national amendment.     This isn't some issue which we must wax poetic about; there are dozens of nation and areas which have allowed gay marriage, and there have been none of the vague societal effects you are concerned with. There have been dozens of studies which show that a child of a same-sex couple is not hampered, and in fact they show that a child in a same-sex household are significantly better off than one in a single parent household.
1	So you just announce before-hand like players 1-10 (like an ip boost incentive for that specific game or bonus LP in their division) sign up for that brawl the players are picked out of those who signed up; like a day or so before. In that time (before the fight) players outside have a chance to bet IP on things like Player with most kills which team wins ect. ect..    I can imagine you wouldn't have to watch the game only that if you win your bet you get IP. I'd rather be betting ip then gambling at a casino.   P.S.(this is a game based around a gladiator-esque point of view with political motivation ((noxus damacia and so on)) if anything riot loves to promote the fighting so i imagine a little instance like this wouldn't be that much of a moral battle and would give reason for players to play more.)   P.S.S. Hell, you could probably make these matches into lore-fights so we can bring back those articles (i forget their name)with more physical inspiration to draw from.
0	can confirm, women = crap drivers. lent my mother my car, she called me for directions twice, couldn't tell me which way she was facing, so i could tell her which way to turn, called me 3rd time had been hit by another truck.
1	I totally agree with this.   I used to be a mega noob (not that I am that good now) and had major problems with flaming and stying focused etc.   Now I always take a break inbetween games and do a bit of workout with some weights. This is drastically improved my performances. Now I am always focused on winning and I never give up.
0	I think videos should have a quick summary, like a
1	This completely takes away from the Random part of ARAM then. The more rolls, the more control over the type of character you will get. Leaving it at only 2 rolls keeps the games as interesting and well...random. Sorry you had all melees or no tanks, but everyone has that all the time. That's the very point of the game.
0	I was raped as a child, then falsely accused of rape as an adult.   It's hard to describe the hell you go through trying to bring your abuser to court. The stigma applied to victims, especially males raped my males, can make you want to give up on life. My abuser never saw a court room and I was still dragged through the mud to such an extent that a "normal" adolescence was never even close to possible for me. I still think about it every day   Last year I had a one night stand with a girl at a party at my house. We cuddled for a while, I got her number then she left. After that her near blackout drunk friend came to my room and confronted me, asking where she was. When I said the girl left, her friend wouldn't believe me and called the cops saying that I raped the girl. I met the cops on my front poach, I didn't resist arrest and they still chipped a few of my teeth and nearly broke my nose when them smashed me against the wall of my house, then on the hood of their car. When the girl I allegedly "raped" showed up, she lied to defend her friend, fearing that she'd get in trouble for filling a false police report. An hour later she changed her story after she couldn't make up false details fast enough. I was released thankfully without charges being filed. But because my university has something like a zero tolerance policy for these accusations, I was suspended from classes and nearly expelled. Even my landlord tried to kick me out of my home. I had to fight to "prove my innocence" to not lose everything.
1	TBH, Monte is critical, but fair. Thoorin is the problem. Monte actually backs up why he didn't like the plays, picks, and how it could have played. Thoorin is just a dick that bashes TSM for the heck of it and makes personal insults at Regi.
1	Ok, let me rephrase. Based on the fact that a human cannot control what they think, and the fact that the individual in question is human, we shall assume he cannot control how he thinks. Therefore we should praise him for working on how he behaves regardless of motivation, as this encourages positive behavior, rather than saying his motives suck, since this is more likely to lead to long term positive changes. Imagine you have a child who wants a sweet. You tell them that they can have the sweet if they do the washing up, so they wash up, then you tell them they can't have the sweet because they only did the washing up so they can have the sweet and that's not a good motive. If you give them the sweet they might well do the washing up again, perhaps without being asked. Sure they're doing it because they want sweets, but positive behavior is increasing. Over time they may well come to realize that doing things such as washing up tends to result in positive consequences and their behavior changes. Now return to the situation where we tell them they can't have it because their motivation was "wrong" are they going to improve behavior? Probably not, why should they when you've already demonstrated that it yields nothing. Whilst this is an idealized scenario it captures the basic issue that positive change requires motivation, based upon this fact we should praise the change and whilst considering that it was based upon the motivation of being allowed to continue professional play continue to note the change, encouraging positive community interaction rather than deciding the change is worthless because the motivation isn't based purely on morals.
1	why do people even make smurf accounts? I can understand high elo people doing it so they can play the game the love despite the high queue times, but they know low level people suck, so they dont trashtalk them (usually). But if you honestly think you are in the wrong elo and "all these trolls keep making me lose my games" then you are probably close to your "true" elo anyways.
1	Unfortunately there will always be ragers, but I'll still do my part by reporting the baddies and honoring the good people in hopes it'll make the slightest difference. We all know that professionals should be role models. The thing that just gets me is the fact that being professional sportsmen, they are going to be in the limelight, and that in itself should be reason enough to control your attitude. We all get angry and have bad days, but if you've got thousands of people watching you then you need to act professional in front of the camera.  It seems like he has learned from it so I am happy about that.
1	Any role can theoretically carry.  A support with awesome ability can turn a team of below average players into a victory.  A blitzcrank that lands clutch pulls, a Soraka that lands clutch heals, a Janna that controls engagements there are countless ways supports can make a difference.   You are right though, Support is probably the least carrying.  If I had to rank them I would go Jungle>Top>Mid>ADC>Support.   That being said it sort of depends on the champion more than the role.  Lee Sin in the jungle can carry a team of just about anything to victory because of how powerful he is early.  On the other hand, tanky support junglers like Maokai have trouble with that because they depend on their team to fufill their roles.
0	The butt hurt is strong on reddit. To all the people saying hide this, hide that, you control your front page...hide this meme. Republicans are racist, I'm not liberal, I'm libertarian, liberals hate jesus, jesus isnt real, yes he is, no he isnt, where is the proof, its right here, thats not proof, you cant disprove him, yes i can, no you cant, you cant prove he does exist, yes i can, no you cant, its right here, you're gay, that's offensive, stop being racist, I said gay, that's still racist, Reddit chooses what it wants to be, reddit is more neutral depending on the subreddit...blah blah blah. saying reddit is neutral is like saying fox news is fair and balanced and CNN let republicans have their say in leftist matters. There are definitely clear cut boundaries and some of those areas have wide ranging membership whereas others...well, they don't have a great membership within the confines of reddit. Whoa, reddit is its own entity! No, it conforms just like all other media to a very clear cut label. We don't believe in labels. Yes we do, everything is labeled on reddit! Its only labeled based on its content! But most stuff still conforms, no it doesn't! -The Mind of a Drunk Perusing Reddit, Who Will Wake Up With Either Mass Amounts of Upvotes or Downvotes (or None At All, No One Can Accurately Predict the Hive Mind that is Reddit) With a Typical Comment Response Below it Pointing Out Level of Intelligence, in this Case a Low Level of Intelligence, With Other Typical Comment Saying He Just Wants Upvotes (or Downvotes, Depending On Whether Some Calls Him a Downvote Loving Troll) Then of Course the Critique Comment Using Sources or the "You Know, it isn't Really Unpopular, Just Your Own Opinion. You Are Entitled to it." And the Ever Loving Comment "Yeah, I'm Not Reading this Mass, Too Much Information (or, Depending: I Could Tell it Would Be Unintelligent From the First Sentence), So Instead Ill Tell You... (30 Lines Later) So in My Conclusion, Reddit is Reddit and You are Dumb. The End. Ill call this book "I read the first few comments of the front page top topic."   And Then Of Course the Parentheses Police, I Don't Care if you are Drunk, Use Correct Grammar!
0	Six month olds sleep like 20+ hours a day and when they are awake they generally have a breast in their mouth so they are quiet.   It is really the last time you can get out of the house to a restaurant or the movies for years.   And for those who recommend a babysitter:  MUCH harder than taking the 1 in 100 chance that your infant is going to make a noise.  You'd have to pump breast milk for 45 minutes and it kind of throws the whole breast milk feeding schedule out of whack.
0	Back in my early 20's my buddies and I made a pact to never buy a girl a drink or be the first one to make a move on a girl we found attractive. We did OK most of the time but at 34 looking back at it I think we were all just pretty shy and immature and we missed a ton of opportunities to meet girls because of it.
1	Replied directly but hijacking the top comment to get visibility:   We learned a lot from doing the 2014 World Final in Seoul's World Cup stadium. In particular, while it was a landmark event for LoL esports because so many people were there, we think that indoor stadiums are more conducive to promoting energy and excitement of crowds far better than outdoor stadiums. On top of that, it's a lot easier for us to capture crowd energy on stream when it's indoors for the home audience.   For Dock Pullman specifically, we'll have around ~1500 fans each day, but all of group stages will be there, so that'll be two weeks of games (8 days).
1	The real issue isn't buff control, but Baron control.   Statistically, [the team who gets Baron first wins. (nearly 77% of the time in week 3)]( While this only represents one week of the NA + EU LCS, this percentage is almost always consistently above 50%.   Blue side [also has easier access to Baron.]( As you can see in this image, Blue side has closer entry points and retreat paths from the Baron pit, while Purple side has to walk around or use a [dashing]( ability to leave the Baron pit safely. This allows Blue side to catch someone out of position and have a better engagement in a team fight, giving them a better chance to win.   I hope this helps you understand the Blue side map advantage on the professional level. For the solo-queue level, the real advantage is [the double golem camp]( for Blue side's bottom lane and the gank routes for [Blue side's top lane]( being safer and more effective than [Purple side's options.](
1	I was in this position less than a month ago.  I've noticed at this ELO (may be similar in other elo's as well -- i wouldnt know) whichever team keeps their composure best wins.  I've played so many games where all of our lanes were rolling and we lost because one angry person started raging, we got mad, and the other team calmly killed us off while we fought amongst ourselves.  Try to be positive about everything in game.  Top gave first blood?  Say nothing or commend him on the effort, say its bad luck, lie out your ass if you have to but don't put him down more than he already is.  Also, warding for more than just yourself (i.e. ward their jungle as well as your lane) goes a lot further than you might think towards winning.
1	thank you for the
0	Our CFO got an email about a month ago, something about banking something or another. With a zip file, forwards it to the ENTIRE COMPANY with the attachment, and tells everyone not to open it.   Of course who opens it, our office manager that handles some of our wire transfers for payroll.  /FACEPALM   Best part is, our bank called us about 10 minutes later and asked if we just authorized a 2m transfer to china.
0	Nooooope. Just Chuck Testa.
1	Since I do not have an account on NA, I'll just post my suggestion here. :)     In my opinion the overlapping lanes, and the negativity caused by it, are the biggest issue in ranked games.     One of the biggest issues is that people call  one  lane. "I'M MID" "MID OR TROLL"... While one could assume that a player who's playing ranked games can play at least a couple of lanes adequately.     The time constrains make it hard to have enough time to ask around if players would be willing to play another spot.       Now a solution that would  not  be a one fix for all the problems in the champion select, but would cut some of the ifs and effs off the select:     Give players a way to select spots from the current meta spots.   Make them pick at least two of Mid/Top/ADc/Sup/Jungle.   Do not make this so that it'd force anything . Just so that people, as soon as they enter the lobby, see that  "ohh first pick wants top or mid and second pick is willing to play any spot... Maybe I'll get to jungle"     This would not remove trolls. This would not force anyone to a meta... Thus this would not be an all-in-one wondersolution, but it would cut out the need to trying to solve if the last pick is actually willing to support or will he go troll on the other players. If the good guys in the lobby see that the last two picks does not want to support, one of the first three picks will most likely "take the bullet" and pick support.   "hmmm. First pick wants top or mid, so does the second pick. Last pick wants to jungle or mid and fourth wants to adc or mid.. I guess I'll go for the support so we can fill the spots without a fight."   I hope this gets to the Rioters, Lyte, statuskwoh, even from here.   And apologies if this has already been suggested. There were just too many posts (40+ pages on the forums and more than 400 posts here) to go through them all :)
1	It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.
1	In short, playing adc. You getting a substantial advantage means nothing. You power spike way too late to carry independently, and if your front line is incompetent you will just get dove and destroyed due to lack off effective peel, rendering your advantage meaningless.
1	This makes more sense than the current ruling.  The players have to do a barrel roll and jump through 3 hoops atm to explore possible other jobs.  All while expected to still be practicing and keeping up their usual daily activities.   Giving them only a single month at the end of their contracts is plenty of time for other companies to give them offers to consider.   Honestly anyone AGAINST this idea I would assume is an account owned by someone that stands to lose something with this ruling.  Either that or you're a sadist and just like to make other peoples lives harder than they need to be for your own sick twisted entertainment.  I suppose you could also just not be smart enough to comprehend the subject being discussed, and disagree to create a facade of intelligence.
0	Yea, "jack shit" was a poorly chosen phrase on my part.   Ideally, yes, stupidity concerning people would never be an excuse for an adult who's getting paid to deal with people, but in my experience, assuming that ideal should hold true for every real life situation ignores the actual state of things along with quite a few other subtleties (like the difficulty some people have with educating themselves) and only really leads to frustration if you dwell on it.   To retract what I previously said, talking with the manager WOULD be an appropriate action to take.  However, I have a certain cynicism towards the sort of managerial reaction that would take place.  You'd have to take the time to make sure the employee knew where they went wrong.  Some of the time (in my experience), something gets lost at this point of communication, and the employee starts looking for a scapegoat, which usually ends up being the customer.  (As a side note, I suspect a thirty something woman who makes such an insensitive comment around a child is just the sort of person things often get lost on during communication).  To get around this, the manager just gives the employee the golden rule: "keep your mouth shut from now on".  This is usually effective, though it just makes the manager a scapegoat for the employee's problems and hardly helps society achieve that ideal we'd like to be able to assume always holds.   Still, I agree now that she should at least bring the matter to the manager's attention.  However, I think the main point in my original comment (which could have been constructed better to emphasize it) was that she should try to turn the experience into a lesson for her daughter which could hopefully foster some positive development.  Dwelling on this enemy cashier's error doesn't really do much that's going to help the child deal with an experience as formative as this could potentially be.
1	Just looking at it right off the bat (didn't read through it but skimmed through) some format-like changes would make the guide much more appealing and easier to read.   In some parts it seems that you've forgotten how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs there is no space between and just makes the guide harder to read. Quite frankly I kinda say "no thanks, not reading that" because it looks like a massive wall of text.
1	Or you choose to think it's a mess and fail to see its strenghts.   Even though the W might be bad for chasing, it's a game-changer during a teamfight in a tight spot. Combo it with R and your enemies have a bad time.   The W is also great counter to ganks and gap-closer based all-ins.   edit; also, R does retarded amounts of damage, but perhaps not everyone is able to acknowledge that, because the large part is DoT.   I guess the
0	For me, I do not like to talk in definites in case I am wrong. I pretty much always have to add an "or something" to an object in my sentence. In the face vein, saying "like" makes me less of an accidental liar when I am wrong. Plus many other people do it, so I probably did too, at least when I was younger. I do not think I say it nearly as much now though, unless I am actually wanting to use a simile.
1	Look at this quick search.]( You'd be surprised at how many times this exact sugestion appears, and never gets upvoted because it's a bad idea.
1	I get why people play off-meta champs and can become so good at them so the concept of a counter-matchup doesn't matter anymore, I do the same myself. Laning against Syndra can be a bitch, but with Gnar? Meh. He's designed to be a toplaner and chase people around, surprising them with his tankyness and high damage output when he goes to Mega Gnar. In the Syndra matchup... well, you could certainly abuse bad positioning, but if that fails, you're stuck in a melee form where you can't push or harass her out of lane.
1	this dude assume the community dont try new thing and does not ask themselve question enough about these new thing and that we need in depth discussion about every aspect of the game to come up with a true answer to all these question...   hes belitteling people intellect   we do not need in depth discussion and exploration /experimentation to figure out why taric top( his prime exemple) isnt optimal in a soloqueu scenario... we really dont   and we alrdy have a reddit for these discussion wich is fine.   im ok for super in depth discussion about team comp and strategy but arguing for hour about a single champion build without context is plain ridiculous and pointless. Thinking about it is fine figuring it out by yourself is fine theyres no need to start a topic on such matter IMO.   its like discussing on whos the strongest pokemon... do you realize how stupid and horrible this is.And even there its more interesting then discussing champion in lol cause its more complex..and much more ez to analyze ... you can come out with very solid argument in pokemon discussion cause it can all be simulated and theorized lol cannot be...you can tell me you 50 game with taric top and you foudn out he was really good vs x if played this way ... ok what does it mean really.   its not arceus.   its like discussion wich item is better for x champion... too much variable does not compute.. theyres alway better item but tbh its all situational. we could go ahead and analyze every situation and decide on wich way to build according to each situation in the best way possible in theory... i mean ok or we could just use our brain during a game an chose among a set of item that are better for x and x situation instead of wasting time discussing and theoryzing something as dynamic as a lol game... the base of lol are simple.... we all know whats more optimal in theory,... but in pratice its much more different..
0	This reminds me of when my friend decided to shoot his .50 pistol right next to my ear after pulling out my ear plug while I'm shooting a shotgun. So in deliriousness of pain I turn and point the shotgun at all of them.
1	Never realized how much Link is the "student of the game" type. Really keeps his eye out looking for how people play. Gives much better opinions than "he's just amazing" or "he really isn't that good". Link can tell you why that is, or what they do differently.
0	The station I listen to while at work used to be a Classic Rock station, until they got taken over by a large entity that specializes in pop music and current hits more than anything else. They dropped the Classic part from the Rock label and things went downhill from there. Nickelback, Mumford & Sons and the like started to get massive play, two DJs slammed the door over disagreements with management and the playlist became annoyingly repetitive. In July 2011, I started logging each song that they played during my work hours. The following link is a snapshot from May 2013 of the songs, sorted by average play frequency since their introduction into the log. Unforunately, I can't update it since pastebin has since been blocked by my employer.     The first three songs were new from that week and therefore got a ridiculous amount of play.   A whopping 50 songs are played at least every two days, and that's only during my work hours (the algorithm does extrapolate the 5-day week into 7 days for the frequency)   Only 1,779 songs have been played at least twice in two years. That's nearly 500 days of listening 9 to 5 and that includes shows that take requests (the only ones that are likely to have some variety)   Some songs that are ranked high in that list actually got almost no play at that exact moment, but received heavy play before being pulled from rotation and were in the process of sinking in the list.
1	This type of mindset only perpetuates this feeling of expectation that if a consumer (a lol player) is displeased with the product they need to make it know on every bug/update thread ever created.   Making software, and especially online video games, is a lot of tough work. Im sure that riot is working as fast as they can on the LOOOOONG list of complaints and "improvements" that are constantly bombarding reddit and their own league website.   This game is FREE. and they cant just outsource 100 new programmers and artists to accomodate you kids whining on reddit. Enjoy the amazing peice of software in front of you, and accept that a large majority of us could never phathom making something even remotely as good.
0	I saw a guy next to his car which had broken down, banking up traffic. I was about 5 cars back in the queue and as it was a two lane road, there was no way to go around, except into heavy oncoming traffic.   Nobody else got out of their car to help. When I returned to my car, the people behind my car started shouting abuse at me for leaving my car cause they had to wait for me to return.
1	He does have a point, though. CLG has kept fans and stayed under the spotlight despite back to back disappointments over recent years simply because of marketing themselves.   The CLG players are personalities, and people get attached to them, as opposed to let's say Vulcun/XDG who posted overall better results in their LCS tenure, but had far less fan interaction.   Even the original EG NA lineup owe their hype to the legacy players they got from the classic CLG.EU team, even if most of them were over the hill.
0	14? I'm 15 and the most action I have gotten is a peck on the cheek. I was 7 and at Disneyworld an got a peck on the cheek from Sleeping Beauty.
0	I lived on the first floor of my dorm freshmen year. Being a dorm, we all had to use a communal bathroom, and the first floor was the only one that had a handicap toilet and handicap shower. One day, there's a rush for the shower stalls (almost every freshmen got stuck with 8 am courses). All the shower stalls are occupied except for the handicap one. One of my floormates who didn't have 8am class, decides he wants to have a nice long shower in the handicap stall. About 20 minutes later, the handicap mate from my floor rolls his electric wheelchair up to the handicap stall and say "Excuse me. Excuse me. Do you think you can come out now?" Guy in the shower responds "Yo, would you chill out?! I'm not done!" Guy in shower decides to take a peak past the curtain to see who he's dealing with so he can give him shit later. Upon finding out it's the handicap kid, he drops everything, lunges out, profusely apologizing while wrapping his towel around himself. Dude was still had body wash all over himself.
0	Alright, I'mma explain what I was thinking, even though I really think it doesn't deserve to be explained.   I wasn't getting why you would not have enough in the future, because you wouldn't be limited after finals, whereas during finals, the amount of alcohol would be limited. The only case I could think of would be if you couldn't afford it.   As such, I figured it should've been "The alcohol I need to consume at the moment is too damn high", "The alcohol I can consume at the moment is not high enough", or "The alcohol I will need to consume is too damn high" or something like that.
1	I think supports can make or break a game. They're amazing play callers because they have more freedom to look at the mini map and strategize. I think you're a good "filler" player if that makes sense. You don't mess up, and if you do you own up to it. And that's good. But what makes someone advance is based on knowing when to make play calls about pushing lanes, taking objectives, and understanding champions (and the limitations of their lane partner).   I think knowing cooldowns of most champions is important, how to bait out certain skills, and knowing when to disengage. If support is your favourite role, I recommend trying out playing a few ADC in normals just to get a better feel of what it's like from the other champion's perspective? Or watch streams to understand the mindset of other pro support players. Or record your own games and critique yourself on what you can do better.
0	Look everybody, this guy thinks sexuality is  hard-wired!   everybody points and laughs   The human mind and sexual drive are mostly shaped by culture and environment, not deeply-seeded biology. Look at any twin study (lol who am I kidding, you probably don't even think psychology or sociology are real sciences) done for the purpose of examining sexuality. Like  any single one . I like [this one]( because it actually puts some numbers on how much more important environment is when compared to genetics:   >Biometric modeling revealed that, in men, genetic effects explained .34.39 of the variance, the shared environment .00, and the individual-specific environment .61.66 of the variance. Corresponding estimates among women were .18.19 for genetic factors, .16.17 for shared environmental, and 64.66 for unique environmental factors.   Genetic factors explained only  34-39%  of one's choice for sexual partner. The other  61-66%  is explained by the each twins' individual or their shared environment.   [Here's another study]( done on a small, slightly isolated fishing village in Brazil.  Their perception of masculinity and sexuality is absolutely nothing like ours.  Did they somehow  evolve  to different preferences?   It is  so  egotistical to extrapolate your own  culturally-nurtured  preferences onto the rest of the world because you're too short-sighted to see otherwise. Your comment is literally an insult to decades upon decades of sociological and psychological analysis.
1	To me, her biggest problem is that she requires twice as much skill and proper positioning as most other ADCs. Her 1v1s are stupidly strong, and as many have mentioned she's a nightmare to casters with any channels; however, when it comes to team fighting, many a Quinn have no idea how to manage their abilities and cool downs. She's a high skill cap champette that needs an experienced player or a lot of work put in to really become a terror.
0	Its not his fault. If the police were better funded they wouldnt NEED to fill quotas (the whole point of filling a quota is to prove to the government they deserve funding and money.) Maybe if we, as voters, and taxpayers, gave them more funding, they wouldnt ticket us for driving 5 MPH over the speed limit. These people are protecting us from murderers, criminals, and other devious people, and we pay THEM SHIT. I work in a warehouse pushing around boxes, and get paid almost as much as a cop (possibly more than some.) Thats pathetic, considering their lives are on the line daily. Its not the cops fault, its the our faults, and the governments faults for not funding one of our most important institutions better.   Also, there would be 1000x less police corruption if they made enough money to support a family and send their kids to college....which they dont. Its not like cops become dirty just for the fun of it, they become dirty because they are broke.
1	sometimes this is the case tho,   scenario from my last game (me) ad sion vs teemo top, neither of our junglers ganked toplane I end up 1 kill and 40 cs ahead, and am capable of just ignoring his harass with my wriggles (in game time +- 17 minutes)   situation at the rest of the map: 15 kills for the enemy team against 4 by mine, the advantage that I had in lane is simply gone because 1 kill and 40 cs ahead of my lane opponent doesn't help me against the 6-0 kennen and 7-0 caitlyn   when stuff like this happens I feel it is appropriate to claim you have a bad team. It was impossible for me to help them with their 4v4s due to shrooms preventing me from going down river, and even if I would try teemo would at least get a tower out of it.
1	I do believe that disabling v-sync should be mandatory. Perhaps its just on my PC (and laptop) but there is noticeable input lag with v-sync enabled. And using Radeonpro/D3overider/etc just makes it go weird crazy.
1	love the
1	This is the excuse everyone uses when a champion gets popular. And it's complete bullshit. Champions don't fucking become OP with one small change. They just get discovered.   You seriously think Mundo went from never played to tank god because of the new regen masteries? NO! Sure they made him stronger, but he has always been strong.   Ziggs didn't become OP because they made his ult deal more damage to minions. That's not even the reason why he is so strong. He has always had the insane poke and zone control, but people never played him. Then a few pros started playing him and realized he was strong. Followed by everyone copying them.
1	What I usually do in yoloq is get a devourer jungler (my yoloq main is yi) and heavy farm the jungle. I have developed a path that allows me to farm the jungle and get stacks at all times so I always at least keep up with the lv of solo lanes, i still outlevel them many times, even in this patch, as well as soloing dragon as soon as I get lv6 and having constant teleport ganking pressure. I know i wont help my teammates for a while so i expect no help from them. I tell them not to leash my potless yi so they can concentrate on their own lanes immediately. I am the type of jungler that does not gank unless it is 110% sure that I'll get the kill. I am very stubborn with my yi because I believe that if I get my stacks I WILL carry. I am very good with yi's mechanics (it really takes lots if skill and knowledge to pull it off against a heavy cc team) (cowsep senpai notice me). 4 out of 5 games people threaten to report me but they don't. They don't because I do carry them. If your team is blaming you, don't get defensive, don't fight with them, and most importantly do NOT tilt. I leave the chat unmuted. I want to hear them complain about how much I suck and should uninstall. I wait for them to say "u can't carry". That is my pivot point. I take that phrase and tell myself: "I'm about to prove someone wrong". So, yeah, yi is my most played champ in ranked with 70% winrate where at.least 60% of those wins I've had to hard solo carry it. I believe that once you're confident about your own skills, you will not care what your teammates say about you. I encourage you to use it as a drive to improve yourself. Expect everyone to feed and u will not be disappointed. Find your style and perfect it.
1	I literally just played a game as Blitz, during the laning phase the enemy Caitlyn was playing very carefully, and we had no pressure from our jungle, we ended up losing the lane a fair bit and my MF was saying stuff like "report Blitz never Qs". I explained that i didn't want to miss and give Taric a window of opportunity to walk up and stun without any real retaliation onto the cait, to which they responded "/all gg surrender 20 report blitz".   Needless to say i felt kinda shitty, i did miss a few Qs and every time i did i cringed, knowing that this MF was just gonna flame me.   Eventually we got into the real push / team fight / posturing for objectives phase, both teams were around dragon, i managed to grab the Caitlyn from BETWEEN the enemy Taric and Nocturne, and we won the fight 5 for 0.   We took an inhib and backed off again. Eventually both teams found themselves at baron and were poking at each other from over the river wall. I landed another grab, this time onto Anivia, and we won the fight 5 for 2 and pushed to win the game. Before we won the enemy Anivia said "Nice hooks, Blitz carried hard".   At least someone appreciated me :P
1	Hello, it seems like drake and baron has an animation before spawning(them walking around the pit) does this mean even if you dont have the timer you can just look at the baron pit and get a notice that its about to spawn?
0	Oh cmon now. This one isn't even that bad. She's excited and happy, she really likes the guy. Now if this were part of a chronic pattern, that's an entirely different thing. But honestly this meme is used incorrectly way too much. About half the time it's simply something they said without thinking, a quarter of the time, it's actually a fairly sweet gesture, and that last quarter its actually overly attached.   Give it a rest, and if you're a commenter, or you don't know the person irl, stop acting like you've got them pegged from one interaction.
1	Oh. I didn't notice because I was responding directly to his comment
0	The guy up the street mows his lawn right after someone else finishes theirs.  There are days when 6 of us will stagger mowing our lawns so the OCD guy mows the thing 6 times in one day.    I've also seen him in the yard using scissors to trim the occasional high blade..   If I'm not keeping him mowing constantly I like to announce that the bees have things too hard and let my dandelions all go to see.
1	You are basically just spouting off what everyone says about Swain, but every time, all I can think about is, "This person is either terrible at Swain, or has never played him, and is just spreading the things he has HEARD about Swain."   >he always have mana troubles even with a mana build and blue buff   This is so wrong, it isn't funny. Everyone is ALWAYS saying Swain is so terrible about mana issues. Let me let you in on a secret. Swain is one of my most played champions. I never build any mana or mana regen on him, unless it's a 5th or 6th item Grail, and I rarely get blue buff. I don't have mana issues. There are two reasons.   1) I don't spam his ult like his life depends on it, because it doesn't. I see Swains sit in their ults for 10+ seconds, and I cringe. When an ability costs more every consecutive second you leave it on, you don't leave it on long. You just don't. You are in lane, getting CS and healing up a bit? Leave it on for at most 3-4 ticks. Any more is just throwing mana away. The cooldown is so low that you can toggle it off and it will be back soon. Leaving it on for a long time is so ridiculously inefficient. No matter what mana items you build, if you leave that ult on for too long, you will go oom. That does NOT mean Swain is a terrible mana champ. It means you don't know how to use his kit properly.   2) Passive. Passive. Passive. Learn to last hit. A champion with free, built-in mana sustain does NOT have mana issues. You know what happens on most mana champs when you use abilities to clear a wave? You lose mana. You know what happens on Swain when you use abilities to clear a wave? You pretty much stay even on mana, because you get a ton back for last hitting. If you know how to properly use his passive, mana is not an issue.   So every time I hear someone say "Swain goes oom even if you have 6 mana items and a blue buff!!!" all I can think about is how every Swain I see sits in their ult for 15 seconds, then whines about how Swain sucks so much. This is just bad players spreading false information based on their bad play.   >anti-heals just fuck him up hard in the buttbutt.   Sure, if you rely on heals as your primary strength. This ties into another misconception I see spread around about Swain, that he MUST be a tank. Guess what, Swain is a mage. Sure, a bit of beef never hurts on a mage, making them more sturdy, but it drives me crazy how everyone seems to think that Swain MUST be built as a tank, and that if you don't have 4k health and tons of resists and healing, you are doing it wrong. Swain has CRAZY good ratios, and contrary to popular belief, his range is not all that bad. Building him high-damage is not as bad an idea as people seem to think. If you build tanky and rely on tons of healing to be good, then yeah, grievous wounds makes you cry. If you build damage and burst someone 100-0 every 6 seconds or so, then no, grievous wounds doesn't hurt Swain all that much. Again, you just have to adjust the playstyle.   Almost every time I see someone talk about Swain's weaknesses, it really does just come off as someone saying stuff that they have heard a million times, but never verified. It's just one of those things that "everyone knows". I call shenanigans. I think if more people actually played Swain consistently (or if any pros played him in tournaments often), people would learn more about how he actually works. But for now, you just have a TON of people who never play him, but spread a ton of misinformation based on what they have heard from OTHER people who never play him.   I love Swain. He's one of my favorite champions. I agree with Brtserker. He is borderline sleeper OP. He's one of my favorite secrets. I play him, no one expects me to do well. Enemies underestimate me, allies talk shit to me ("omg why aren't you tank, swain is an initiator" -bullshit), and then once I am 15/0, able to 100-0 burst a champion every 6 seconds (imagine if Veigar's ult was up every few seconds), they all shut up and wonder how I can manage to do well without mana items.
1	1000 stores is impossible and leads me to believe this is fake. The truth of the matter is: Internet cafes are that profitable, especially ones that run high end equipment. I use to work at an internet cafe and I will say this: PEOPLE ARE ASSHOLES. They steal keyboards, they fuck computers up (on purpose sometimes for sure too.) They pay for like 7 hours of internet and then SLEEP there. There's the porno perverts. You don't want to ever use the netcafe bathroom either (Gross beyond words)   It's just not a very profitable venture + it's so much grief even if you can manage to turn a slight profit. I live in Canada's biggest city (Toronto: Population 2.5M directly in Toronto and another 3M in the greater Toronto area) if net cafes barely make any money here, they're sure as hell not going to make big profits in small rural area's (unless they have some kind of monopoly on the internet.)
1	No one is talking about normal draft except you. I don't even know what you're saying. My entire point was that I want to play what I want to play, and whether that's easier in team builder or blind pick. I would never play normal draft, why not just play ranked if I'm going to get assigned a role?   Team builder vs blind pick is the only argument in normals, and team builder takes much longer if you don't play meta shit. The end.
0	Well, if we're using our grandparents as a reference, then yes.  They have earned the right to a retirement.  Our generation still has yet to earn the right to rest on our laurels.  Older generations have had to deal with the draft(s) and thus far all we have had to deal with is an entirely voluntary military, plus all the benefits of modern technology.  Sure we've experienced tragedies... but as a generation we haven't experienced anything remotely as tragic as D-Day, or any of the World Wars in general.  All we've been good for is a few Gulf wars and a bunch of shitty diplomacy.   All of this is not to say our current veterans do not also deserve a great retirement, as they certainly do.   My point is:  earlier generations dealt with much more shit than us.  They can say shit like OP's attempt at a meme because, well, their generation earned it.
1	Basically, you actually SHOULD grab some tier 1 runes.   You can buy 25x 15ip lvl 1 runes, and you effectively pay 375ip, for an on average 566 ip tier three rune.   Worst case, you get an armor seal or something and you lose 170~ ip.
0	I went to a party once thinking I was gonna take this girl home. Later that night, the softball team she was playing for came over and little did I know her "girlfriend" was on there. It wasn't immediately made clear to me she was dating a girl.   She ditched me at the party to hang with this girl. I was ok with it at first seeing as the girl she was hanging with was hotter than she was. My girl was sitting in her lap all night and they would start making out off and on.   At first I was excited because it was looking more and more like I was going to have a threesome, but it was also confusing to me that she more than sketched out on my ass to be with this girl.   Fast forward to the end of the party and SHE LEAVES WITH THE SOFTBALL GIRL. The sneaked out on me so I immediately get frustrated and call her. After trying to convince her to come back for like 20 drunken minutes, she finally comes out of the closet to me and says she's a lesbian.
1	You can't compare the ability to Janna and Morgana because those abilities you can use on yourself, are also done so at a cost. Soraka's E has no cost, and you can still use it to harass the enemy.   Allowing Soraka to be able to keep herself permalaned is an unfun gameplay mechanic. A while ago, Gangplank used to be able to kill his own minions, and deny gold/xp to the enemy. Was fun for the player, but not for the opponent. Same way. Gangplank's deny had no counter mechanic, neither does soraka's E.   So what do you have left? Costless enemy harass with a silence and pretty decent range. When fights start you can not only hit enemies but also give your allies mana, which is not done by any other champion in game.   Please bear in mind that Soraka's main role is a support character, and is going to be balanced mostly with that in mind.   Basically what you're implying is that you want soraka to be a resource-less champion, because nerfing the mana gain too much means its useless, and not enough means infi-sustain. I don't really think there is middle ground.   I don't think it's a bad nerf: I think one of your champions had to have their gameplay altered. It's time that you actually have to use your resources well like the rest of the AP casters.
1	I was duoqueing with my support friend in the bot lane and the singed is telling us how riot banned hik and his wife divorced him a week before. Over the course of the game the enemy zac is flaming the singed for doing poorly in his lane. Singed had had enough and told the enemy team about his situation. He was cursing and flaming at the enemy ,then zac saidsomethingl that made me and my duo que crush the enmy team. " no wonder your wife left you youre a total shit". Needless to say singed was pissed me and my duo que ended up not dying a single time that game. Zac got reported and singed was thanking us for the win he said it really brightened up his day.
0	HAVE ALL MY UPVOTES!!!! Seriously this is the one thing that pisses me off. Migraines, while they do vary in degree and intensity for everyone, are awful. You can't move, speak, chew. Sometimes it hurts to breathe.   I have chronic daily migraines. There are times in my day I want to go into a dark, cool, soundproof box for hours and just lay down. Ok that sounds weird now but seriously. Laying down hurts. Sitting hurts. I can't support my head. My teeth can hurt. Sometimes, my hair follicles hurt.   After going through 4 doctors, I am finally at a clinic that has shown some progress in finding some relief for me.   I am undergoing intense treatment with about 4 different doctors (neurologist, neurosurgeon, nurse practitioner that specializes in migraines, and infusion therapist on top of my occupational therapist and psychologist all in one practice) to figure out the problem and hopefully find relief. I have had multiple hospitalizations, MRI's, infusions, experimental therapies, chiropractic care, occupational therapy (it is actually helping a lot), and because of all of this results in depression, psychologists. I am having another surgery Monday, and it will be my third. I have to be hooked up to a TENS unit as many hours a day as possible...which isn't always feasible with a toddler. I have it on right now.   I do not wish my migraines upon anyone in this world. It is debilitating, frustrating, isolating, depressing, and just plain awful.  You can't make plans to be with friends, because you don't know when they will hit. You become isolated, and angry. The things you used to enjoy can now be triggers for being a prisoner in your own body. No more concerts, roller coasters, or red wine. Soon everyone just stops inviting you places. You just start seeing the cool pictures on Facebook of the group of friends you once knew who are out living life to the fullest, something you would give anything to do.   It's ok to say you have a bad headache. Do you say you are having an asthma attack every time you run out of breath? Me either, but I can't even go outside to run because the light causes shooting pains, and the physical exertion makes me go numb.   I know I sound super angry, but I am optimistic about my treatment. I have a loving husband (who comes with his own chronic pain challenges) and an amazingly adorable, intelligent daughter who deserves so much more than I can give her. Luckily, she has some amazing grandparents who take over when we can't do it anymore. I have had to come to terms with the fact that I shouldn't have any more kids. The medication that it takes for me to function is not safe for pregnancy, and it's not fair to my family that is here just to have another baby. Plus, I don't know what another child would do to my condition. A child doesn't deserve that, and I have enough energy to focus on one so that is all I can do. Maybe one day we can adopt; it is something I have always wanted to do.   Obviously, this is a really extreme case.  But I have to think about migraines every hour of the day: how to get rid of it, how to keep it away, how to manage a tolerable pain level, or how to just get through a day of events that must be done when I have a really bad migraine. My life revolves around the pain scale.
0	Canadian here. Whenever I drive through the states, I'm always taken by how amazingly friendly people are. Yes, Americans are a bit heavy on guns and god, but overall very decent people.  Now that is contrasted with the American government who would screw you three ways to Sunday if it benefited them in the slightest way.
1	Another Spaniard here who wants to give an extra detail. Double cheek kiss is when you meet to a girl and family, (nearly) never between guys. When you meet a man you  a) Shake hands. b) Huge between very close friends.   BUT a single cheek kiss is a BIG display of affection and love, don't matter between girls and boys. You can single-cheek-kiss your best friend in his wedding, or after a big achievement (doctoral thesis, fe).
0	Here is one very important part of the puzzle that many of you commenting on here seem to be forgetting: it is YOUR parents that ask for this.  They are the ones calling the schools and school districts and threatening to sue.  As such, the schools are left in the shitty position of having no choice but to make these zero tolerance policies that are bullshit.  If the parents would leave the schools to take care of business and not constantly threaten to bring lawyers in at every minor transgression, then there wouldn't be these stupid policies.
0	A few things.     You use the word disability, but I don't think you know what that means. By definition, disability is "A physical or mental condition that limits a person's movements, senses, or activities." If you ask me, that describes obesity perfectly. So technically, obesity IS a disability.     I would agree with you, if that were true. But it's not (for the most part.). Last time I checked, Obese people have a very tough social life. I know this because I myself, am overweight. It may be just be 30 or 40 pounds, but I have NO self esteem, No self confidence, I've never been in a relationship, hell, I've never even kissed a girl. So I can tell you without a doubt, Obese people are not coddled. If we were, I wouldn't be depressed, I wouldn't have been called a lardass, fatass, or fat when people chose to pick on me, and I would have at least gotten a pity date. But I have no one else to blame. I am fully aware that my weight is my fault, and my fault only.     The only other thing I think you can be refering to are those scooters they have in stores that fat people use. This may come to a surprise to some people, but fat people have rights too. Stores have scooters for obese people for the same reasons stores have handicapped stalls for wheelchairs. You can't discriminate one group of people. For the obese people who  can  walk, using those scooters is inappropriate, and they  should  walk. But If walking is too painful because of either their weight or muscle deterioration, by all means, use the scooter.       Oh and one more thing for the people who always say "If you're unhappy with yourself, just make a change."   If it were that simple, I wouldn't be where I am right now. Believe me.
1	Problem is, I feel like I know HOW to improve, I am just inconsistent with my mechanics, bad at positioning with squishy characters, and lacking in overall experience.  In other words, the only thing that will make me better is a ton of practice, not more knowledge.  Also, when I look at my own replays I facepalm at my own dumb mistakes. I wish you could help me, but I think you could probably help someone else more.
1	We learned a lot from doing the 2014 World Final in Seoul's World Cup stadium. In particular, while it was a landmark event for LoL esports because so many people were there, we think that indoor stadiums are more conducive to promoting energy and excitement of crowds far better than outdoor stadiums. On top of that, it's a lot easier for us to capture crowd energy on stream when it's indoors for the home audience.   For Dock Pullman specifically, we'll have around ~1500 fans each day, but all of group stages will be there, so that'll be two weeks of games (8 days).
1	YES!!! I <3 the shields from her.   I once had a game where I was split pushing (without wards like an idiot) and got ganked 4v2, she managed to shield me + Shen ult + barrier = quadra kill and a nexus.
1	There was a time when seeing Fizz picked gave me an urge to dodge. No matter how fed I was (adc main), that little fuck can avoid all my damage, gap close and blow me up in half a second. Easily my most hated champ.   He's not so bad now but I still report every Fizz player
0	Sad that most of these stories are "I loved that dog!" but the reality is that you may have loved it, but the parents get to pay for it, take care of it, walk it, care for it.  My kids do it.  We had the "Big Discussion" before getting our dog, and the promises left and right, thankfully, I was fully prepared to take on the responsibility myself because I was sure they would not, at least not all the time, and we have a dog we all love equally and I'm not resentful to them that they didn't hold up their end of the bargain, because, well, they're kids.
0	Meal Planning does go a long way here.  Have a list of meals that you know the family enjoys and a list of what it takes to make them.  Pick enough of those meals to maintain variety and make a list of the ingredients for that.   You'll still need the time to cook it, of course, but one big restocking run to the grocery store can help a lot.  It still requires more time, but taking the time to plan it out can help minimize the time spent actually cooking, to the point where it's not only worth it to do the planning but if you look at time saved vs money spent on average restaurants versus on average at home you'll start to REALLY see it get better at home.
1	I never take personal shots, but I most definitely rub in victories. I try and win the mental game in League by trying to put my enemies in tilt through the occasional sarcastic comment like "nice gank" after a botched gank or "easy lane easy game" after a kill. It's up to their teammates to support them and tell them that I'm just an idiot, but that's far too uncommon, and that is the real problem I believe.
0	Just because a horrible accident like this happens, doesn't mean that either driver did it on PURPOSE. That's why they're called "accidents". This is a horrible thing to have happen, but it's not like this driver said to himself: "I think I'm going to hit that bus because I'm an asshole".   By the way, the driver's name was Tim Evans, and he had a clean driving record. At the point that I am writing this, there is NOTHING to indicate that it was a deliberate act. Which means that at the time this meme was posted there was nothing to support your claim.
1	Sorry if the abreviation bothered you, I don't actually use them that much. I read an article about abreviantions in english so i could understand most of it, english is not my first language so i got really confuse sometimes. I'm 20 years old, I work, I'm in college and im the actual master concellour of DeMolay of my city.
1	People that blame Dyrus don't understand the systemic flaws in the TSM play style. It's a problem with both in game and out of game things. The fact that is become "lol Dyrus gonna be dove soon" by every single fan and no move on the map to counter it in any game is terrible. Dyrus can be dove 3 times within 4 minutes because they know Santorin is off doing wolves, they see the Bard auto attacking the Mundo top lane in a lane swap. They know that there's no threat of dragon because they have the better side of the map in a lane swap.   Dyrus is obviously playing with less awareness and less concern than he needs to but he's been shafted this entire tournament (and most of the season). I would blame coaching in this instance more so than Dyrus. At least not solely Dyrus.
0	After a soccer match I teamed up with some random guys to go for a night of heavy drinking. After a couple of hours in a crowded karaoke bar, I found myself talking to some guy, who seemed fine enough. Until he suddenly stood up and made the Nazi Salute right beside me facing the whole bar.
0	This always happens on driving posts.   What I find funny is how driving is kind of an oddly profound analogy of real life. The only right way to avoid vehicle accidents is to adapt YOUR reactions. Yes, all those people going slow in the fast lane are most certainly assholes, but the only way you can do something about it safely is to go around them. If you rear-end someone because they braked in front of you for no reason, you're still at fault, and a cop will tell you that you should have put more space between them and yourself. Much like real life; we can't change other people, we can only change how we deal with other people.
1	I came here to say that iWDominate has changed a lot since his permaban/1 year LCSban. I never cared much about him as a player and didn't think of him too highly skillwise but since his ban I decided to start to watch his stream a bit and I was really surprised.   He is extremly skilled in his position and has a lot of knowledge, nor does he rage at his teammates anymore. Actually he is the kind of teammate i'd want to have in my team of all my soloq games. Trys hard, gives friendly advices and doesn't give up.   I remember this one match where a guy flamed him for a loss eventho he did well on nocturne where the guy said "No wonder Dignitas never won with trash like you". I could see how sad Dom was because he knew if he'd flame the entire community would again go like OH GOD DOM IS BAD GUY PLZ BANN AGAIN, however his and the enemy team stepped up for him and told him its BS what this Darius is talking and that they will report him
0	My dad complains that it's like a highway on our street due to the amount of traffic using it as a shortcut.  He is often woken up by the 4 giant snow clearing trucks during the snowy season.  Also whatever snow is on the road will be swept into a nice large pile in front of our driveway.
1	LoL needs it as well. They wonder why only a few champs are always best and a few builds.   They fail to realize that there are only 42 complete items in the game. You can't count "parts", because this shit is not going anywhere or making a difference.   42 Full items. For 120 champions. And Riot wonders why only a handfull is the best at what they do. There is no counterbuild, there is no adaptation, there is NO DEPTH in the items department.
0	I find this a little sad, however.   Whether or not the opinion is on gun control, or any other political issue. Facebook is one of the prime discursive spaces in modern culture. Responses like the one, while funny, are a sad reflection upon society.   If more people took the time to respond to Facebook posts thoughtfully, it would provoke debate and prod all groups into reflecting upon each other's point of view. One of the main failings with current American, and many other, political cultures is this belief many people seem to share that their opinion is correct, sacrosanct, and unquestioned. This mindset doesn't allow for compromise, which is after all the way in which nations are supposed to operate!
1	My experience with Vman7 --   a. Duo queued with a friend and got stuck top lane, my worst role. Vman gives up first blood, I ask if he can lane switch. I beast the mid lane, roam top, we both win lanes we would have otherwise lost, game ends in a win.   b. Bump into him in solo queue, we have an Udyr with flash/ignite. I lock in Trundle jungle. Udyr switches to Ghost/Smite and tells me to top. I ask him to switch, he says no. I lose top lane (still my worst role), to a Nidalee, and Vman7 tells me that a Trundle who builds tanky (I had warmogs pre-remake) was useless.   Verdict: communicated in the first game, gave me specific information in the second. Didn't just call me "trash" (which in and of itself is sort of weak) -- actually gave me advice. In either game, he never trolled the gameplay itself, and I could have easily muted him.   My experience with Phant0mlord --   a. Posted in the NESL Skype chat that he needed a co-caster for some euro tournament. I dodged queue and casted with him. He liked how I predicted all five of M5's picks, so he adds me after game on his plat smurf. We play three games against each other mid. It's 1:1. I requeue and he's on the other team. Call him on Skype, say we're going to have another fun mid battle. Team picks me Morg after I say I want Lux. He goes Ziggs. I go 3-0 with the help of my team (pre-minion spawn first blood, a follow up gank, etc) and he starts raging at me saying I'm a tryhard with tryhard picks and that I shouldn't play mid lane and blah blah blah. I kill him and run with 50 HP, and flash into his Zigg's E sitting near his turret and say "for you bb".   Never heard from him again.
1	Only blantant kill-stealing for me gets a "dude really?" type of reaction. In most circumstances, i don't care as long as the enemy champ is dead. Team fights, who knows what the fuck is gonna get that last hit in.   Situation A: 2v2 fight top lane, both jungles gank, shen and udyr vs. olaf and nunu. Udyr gets jumped, Shen ults in. While in the fight shen gets the kill on Nunu, np. A few seconds later, olaf is attempting to flee with ignite ticking and around 15 hp.   Shen flashes to get the kill - __ -   While yes the whole "kill secured" mindset can apply here, wasting flash for a kill that was already secured, makes this just bad and stupid.  Answer: Annoying and Dumb. Wasting a summoner or an ult on a kill just to get it is just plain stupid, and is just a selfish move to pad your stats.   Situation B:  Support and any AD carry are chasing down an opponent who is fleeing back to tower, everyone blows all summoners, support gets the kill. No issue here because the kill wasn't guarenteed. Answer: Fine. Getting a kill > no kill   Situation C: Support and AD carry have an opponent trapped, no chance of escape. Support takes the kill. Semi-okay, the carry would probably made better use of the gold, but okay. If done multiple times, or if the support waits to "last hit" the champ, thats bad.  Answer: Irks the carry but acceptable if it isn't a regular thing.   Situation D: Support gonks middle, tower dive! We must tower dive! Taric and kennen are diving karthus. Taric gets the kill.   Answer: Okay. In tower dives, all that matters is that you get in and out. No issue.   Situation E: Dragon-time! Fight at dragon, 4v5 or 5v5. Tons of damage everywhere. Somehow Shen gets a triple kill + drag for only 1 death.   Answer: Awesome! you just went 4 for 1 plus dragon! The inner bratty child of the AD and AP carry are irked by not getting the kills, and everyone is confused by the random shen damage output, but everyone is happy by the teamfight win.   Situation F: 1v1 fight top,Rumble vs. Chogath (poor Cho).  Rumble is chasing Chogath who has under 50 health through lane. Skarner jumps out of the jungle and gets the last kill.   Answer: DON'T DO THIS SHIT! If you know he's going to die. Blatantly kill stealing is quite annoying and takes away gold from the top laner who can just snowball it into a bigger advantage.   Situation G: Late game around 30 minutes in. Vladimir catches Ashe. Ultimate is ticking off and Vlad is going for that last Transfusion to kill her, guarantee baron, game etc.   SUP BRO! Out of left field, Talon flashes over the wall, Ults and then ignites the Ashe who had about 100 health. Takes the kill.   Answer: - __ -.   Don't be this guy. Don't waste your summoners and your ult on a target that is already dead. That flash might be needed later, that ultimate may be needed later. OKAY you're right, they won't contest baron because they can't win the fight, but man. its a dick move.   Situation H: Blitz and Vayne are fighting against Ezreal. Vayne and Ezreal are both incredibly low. Ezreal says "fuck it, i want a kill". Blitzcrank sits around waiting for Vayne to kill Ez, but she dies, and he then picks up the kill.   Answer: You have the right idea, but your teammate being alive is preferable to them being dead. I'd rather have my support take the kill than him let me die so he doesn't "steal it".
1	This is actually king of a bad guide. The person lazily put on lines without any thought to where they are going to go. There are several optimal spots and tricks that you can do with wards that aren't mentioned in the slightest. He also said that warding in the pit isn't a good idea. Are you retarded? HEY THEY HAVE ORACLES BETTER KEEP WARDING THE RIVER, OH IT'S DEAD. WHAT IF I PUT IT INSIDE THE PIT SO THEY WON'T SEE IT WALKING BY =OOOOOOOOOO   Also you can put it along the pit walls so the oracles holder has to walk into the pit really deep in order to see the wards.
1	I reviewed your nominations and disagreed, it's simply a matter of opinion. Here's how I see it then, Skarner can move fast with his W, which he can spam with his passive, so I think it's better than Vaynes. He can spam his Q in a fight putting your opponent in slow lock, Id imagine it causes more damage than Jarvans passive and stuns better than gangplanks. Being able to use the E for sustain jungling heals him better than morg and her passive won't let you use your ult over and over. And in order to use TF's passive, you have to play him, a bottom tier ranged AD carry, FUN. sorry if none of this makes sense, it's quite late, and I'm pretty tired.
0	Not sure that applies to the population here.  Mostly it's: 'when a guy imagines asking out a girl and even in his imagination she rejects him she's a bitch'
1	Why do people keep saying his sustain doesn't need a buff because 'Transforming heals him!' ?   It doesn't heal him at all, he maintains the same % hp.   Let's say he has 500 max hp in small form and 1000 max hp in big form.   Let's pretend he is at 250 health and transforms. He will be in his big form having 500 health (50%).   When he turns back, if we don't calculate health regenerating over the 15 seconds (He does gain a bonus HP/5 when transformed, sure, but we aren't talking Mundo just hit R levels) when he reverts he will be at 250 health (50%) - He won't just go 'Well I was at 500, when I change back I will be at 500 now!'   Riot has even stated this and it's in his Champion Spotlight. Please stop spreading this fallacy.
0	This is wrong.   When bottles are filled at the factory, they are pressurized with CO2 to a certain PSI, let's say 50PSI (I'm not exactly sure amount of pressure).   Between the time the bottle leaves the factory and arrives at your home, the pressure of the soda (originally ~0PSI) and pressure in the headspace/air of the bottle (50PSI) balance out to something like 20PSI.   Soda with 20PSI is fully carbonated.  (Once again, estimating exact PSI - also depends on soda)   At home, when you open the bottle, you are releasing the pressure in the headspace of the bottle into your home.  So now we have liquid of 30PSI and air/headspace of ~0PSI.   Once again, these two balance out over time which reduces the PSI of the soda.  Now the headspace is 15PSI and your Soda is 15PSI.   Aside from re-pressurizing the bottle after every pour (which you can do with a CO2 tank, regulator, and adapter), it will lose pressure.   Something EVERYONE can do is to keep your bottles COLD.  Cold soda will absorb MORE CO2 than warm soda (it's a science thing).  You'll still lose carbonation, but the liquid will maintain more carbonation after every pour, thus keeping more pressure in the bottle.  In all honesty though, it probably won't make much of a difference.
0	Because the ROI [is phenomenal.] (   Median weekly income for a person with no college degree: $652   Median weekly income for a person with a bachelor's: $1,066   So, in a 52 week year, the median college graduate is making $21,528 more than the median high school graduate each year. [You end up making around a million more dollars in your working life than those who don't go to college.](   Of course, some majors will earn more than others, but any college degree is cost-effective in the long run and outearns a person with no degree. Even your average English major.
1	Dumbest post I have seen in a long time.  Using the excuse "is human" is beyond stupid.  You do not see the people say Obama "is human" when he makes a mistake.  Froggen has WILLINGLY been streaming at a constant rate.  He is used as a role model for the community.  If all pros sat and raged the whole time, a large percent of the community would also.  When people see a calm pro react perfectly and still have a fun game when things do not go their way, the community likes this and believe it or not follows them.  You want to know what would happen if somebody went out and said this in a sport like baseball or football?  That community would tear them to pieces for acting like a little brat.  In the future if Froggen does not do this again then, yes, I believe this can be forgiven.  But the excuse of someone being human or rarely does this does not cut it for me.
1	To be fair, the Talon/Riven thing was comparing two champions who are supposed to have a similar role, but one entirely outclassing the other. The
0	I don't think that response is good, though I'm on the same side. Someone could just say, "Having to gather evidence and specific warrants by hand would cost a lot too, and it hasn't been ruled illegal!"   The problem here is more about the reality of law enforcement and the potential for corruption. I think any of these would have made a better response:     You don't need to do anything wrong for your past to be used against you . Doing  anything that could potentially look wrong  is all that's needed to damage someone. Even completely false accusations can ruin lives.   Information doesn't need to be about you to be used against you.  Do all your friends, family, and business associates also have zero skeletons in their closets? Corrupt governments don't just threaten you. They threaten your children, your spouse, your parents, etc.   In our society,  suspicion is enough to negatively affect someone's life . The second Red Scare was not a harmless inquiry. And, more literally, things like no-fly lists and no-liability-raids hurt individuals. Mass-surveillance tools are imprecise suspicion-generating machines.   Our society has so many rules that any given person breaks the law much more than they realize. With enough information, a government can harass/prosecute good citizens who don't deserve it (see history of the FBI).  When governments have the power to target individuals at their discretion, that power is almost never used fairly.  That's what "general warrants" taught us, and it's one of the big reasons why the fourth amendment exists.   Because these systems have no public oversight,  we have no assurance on how properly this information is being generated or handled . Top tech businesses have database breaches these days. When you pile up that much data and that many people to maintain it, it's only a matter of time. And that's not to mention the potential for a system to have false positives ("51% foreign-ness" ring a bell?).     We don't live in some crazy dystopian dictatorship, but I think it's safe to say that our law enforcement system isn't entirely fair, and simply put, it's not ready for this kind of power (and maybe never will be).   EDIT: Wow that was way longer than I thought it would be.
1	Okay, maybe I should rephrase that then. No, we shouldn't completely forget it. But there's no point in all these "LOL EVERYONE'S CHANGING THEIR MINDS" or "DID WE ALL FORGET ALREADY?". I mean, no, I'm not completely happy that things wound up the way they did. I'm kind of torn about who's going to WCG just because I'm both a massive Dyrus fanboy, and a massive RS fanboy (voyboy your renekton and rumble give me chills).   I know it's pretty vain and self-centred of me to think 'yeah they should care what i, as a member of the community, think' - but (
1	Your methods are flawless. There's no denying that. You certainly got the math right, and assuming (as you are) that all these characters are simply sitting around hitting each other, not kiting or anything, then the 2nd build obviously supersedes the first in terms of straight DPS. As has already been mentioned, you're not factoring in a few things, but I won't go over them here. You've obviously read in detail the majority of the replies to your post.   That said, you mention that testing is an essential part of your method and at the same time call the builds that are currently dominating solo queue "shit-tier." I'd just like to point out that these pro players run these builds for a reason. They've played thousands of games with vastly different builds over the total history of League of Legends. to call that anything but testing seems a bit short-sighted. These builds are the top builds for a reason, and that is because they routinely beat builds like the one you've proposed (Not necessarily the exact one you proposed, but I'm sure you've lost building this before. Everyone loses. This isn't an argument against your build, since I haven't tried it, but just pointing out a fact.) Perhaps they don't beat your build in terms of sheer DPS, but beat it in some other meaningful way. Lifesteal has been mentioned endlessly below, and while it's true that in identical builds 1v1 the lifesteal doesn't give you any sort of meaningful damage advantage, in teamfights it can serve great use in allowing you room for player error.   I guess what I'm saying is that in mechanically matched players, even if one were running your build he might not win over the course of a full game against a player of equal skill, even playing the same character.
1	Because when you acknowledge the person who is attacking you all and telling them to stop of course they will get angry as well. This whole post could have been GNO LoL Tournament and no one would have made comments on it. But when you decide to attack then you lose all forms of innocence and now have a circle jerked argument.
0	oh no, there is more.   >letting her physical figure go   he is incredibly shallow by holding on to looks.  one day, after he gets hit by a bus and has facial reconstruction surgery, he will wish he had a woman that had a physical figure.   >petroleum engineer who's willing to help her start up her own art studio and pay off her $65,0000 student loan   he holds onto that pat on the shoulder, everything has a dollar value kind of person.  which is fine, but it just sounds like they weren't compatible.   so basically douchebag broke up with probably a good girl. now mr douchebag is framing it to sound like he was the good guy.  been there, seen it, i'm writing a book.
1	Plat 3, yes. 9/10 times if you or anyone on your team DC's, the enemy team kills the DC. It's a rare sight, people not killing DC's.
1	In response to monte's idea that the rules placed in the ogn/ lpl should be honored atleast in regards to age is ridiculous. If anything this is truly the fault of the league organizers in this case the ogn, as well as the organization that runs the lpl. Because these organizations have permision to run tournments or leagues on their own when they lease the rights from riot, they can then make their own rules for their tournaments, however riot runs their own leagues and make their own set of rules. These rules are followed by na/eu lcs teams and are in place for specific reasons. So why is it that the na and eu teams/leagues/players should be punished on the international stage in a riot run tournament. If this was a lpl or ogn run world tournament fine make the rule for 16+, but it is not a ogn or lpl tourney and therefore they should have to adapt to the situation. The fact this is even an issue is eastern bias from monte as well as ogn and lpl pandering to team organizations in their respective regions.
1	Ok this was a waste of time, no news was given, no info was distributed like they said. What wrong riot? Cat got your tongue?
1	Rammus win rate is as high as people get cocky in solo queue. That's all there is to it.   He has the speed to ignore your wards. Overaggressive players usually don't ward/ don't look at their wards.   He has the tankiness to punish greed. Coupled with his innate speed, he is one of the best to punish greedy players. Oh so you wanted to stay with below 30% hp? Sorry im coming for you and you won't go back. Also you won't outplay me, its point and click.   I can go on forever on this topic. A good solo queue champion is a champion that punish cockiness, it always will be. Way too much players puts their pride above efficiency. Rammus destroys that because he is so easy  and his kit so good that he won't allow your "plays".   Also his bot lane ganks are way too strong. Unless your support is a support main playing on cafeine, in solo q he is a freekill bot. Hell, if i don't break first blood before 3 minutes i just go bot and kill the support, flash or not. They have no boots anyway. All they need is to be ~in the middle of the lane.   Pick Rammus into Riven, or Yasuo, or Katarina, or Akali, or Leona, or Fiora, i can't think of an aggro pubstomper that doesn't get obliterated by really simplistic Rammus play.   When people will stop underestimating their opponents, or actually put effort in their gameplay, Rammus win rate will fall. Yeah, just nerf his kit, put taunt on a skill shot or something, because that's not gonna happen.   Sounds like a rant but it just happens that i play a good Rammus and  when i win it sickens me because i didn't even put effort into it, enemy gave it to me. I just abused cockiness.
1	Did someone say, over chase? Purple sucked that one bad. They weren't getting in range for the kill on anivia and apparently map awareness isn't their strong point.
1	Whats happening here, is that you are opening up the client while still having a game open.  From there you can still have the previous end game screen up viewing defeat/victory AND be looking at post game stats.  from there with the victory/defeat screen open you join another game and BAM the error youre blaming riot for, is actually ur own fault!
1	Building only wards, Sightstone, boots, etc on a support is very tricky in solo queue. By doing this, you are entrusting other builds/auras to other members of your team (i.e., you're practically assuming that another teammate will build an item like Aegis or Locket, when, unbeknownst to you, they were assuming you would build one or both). Of course, communication - asking them what they plan to build, and if you should build XYZ item(s) - could remedy this.   That said, if you buy one or two GP10 items, you generate quite a bit of gold for just wards. In low-to-average ELO play you don't really need to ward EVERY single thing in plenty of games, compared to the pros, nor do you have the coordination to capitalize on spotting someone in certain ward locations. However, one could argue that by forsaking wards for actual items you're underestimating your team's map awareness or ability to capitalize on enemy mistakes. By building nothing but wards you take the risk of wasting money on a team with little to no map awareness, or being able to capitalize on displacement of enemies, but this is another situation that is remedied in part by communication and pings. It's a choice you make when you Back and decide if you wanna spend that nice picket change on vision or, say, that shiny Emblem of Valor.   If you choose to build items and not have as many wards, you risk not having enough wards when it's time to do Dragon/Baron and lose out on vision and objective security. This is solo queue, so let's face it, you're likely to be the only one buying wards as the support, unless you urge your teammates to get them, too (and more often than not in my experience, they won't oblige anyways).   All I can say is that I always make sure to keep one slot with 3-5 greens, and one slot with 3-5 pinks, on top of my Philo Stone and/or Kages, and boots. If I'm particularly ahead I'll usually build spooky ghosts, Shard, or Shurelya's - an item that will benefit the team as a whole. Every time I Back, I always buy wards FIRST, then whatever's left can go into building.   Lastly, keep in mind that these pros are in premade groups that play together on a daily basis. If you want a better suggestion on what to build as a support in solo queue, try watching a pro support player's stream for some help or advice or look up guides on LoLKing or SoloMid. c:
1	Hate to say it but the reality is you're gimping yourself and your team by picking Ryze.  There are just so many champions out there that completely outclass him in pure damage potential or utility.  I'm not saying that it's impossible to win with Ryze.  I'm sure that someone somewhere did amazing with him and wrecked the opposing team.  All I'm saying is that given that you and the Orianna in mid have similar skill levels, you're probably going to lose.   That being said, I'm not saying you shouldn't pick Ryze, Sivir, Shen or any other 'weak' champ.  It is after all, you're leisure time and you should be free to do what you want with it.  I'm just saying that yes, you are gimping your team by picking Ryze when there are so many other better alternatives.
1	Agree 100%!!! WHY EVERY NEW CHAMP HAS KNOCK UP???????????? Maybe 10 of 15 new champs... Kalista, Azir, Gnar, Vel'koz, Yasuo, Atrox, Zac, Tresh, Vi, Nami.   Remove once for all tenacity from game!!!!
0	Yes, as if watching TV is any better. Video games can use the imagination, but that does not dismiss your point, and in best case scenario is a half-baked solution. Yes, staring at a screen with a backlight is bad, which is why anybody that uses a computer or something with a screen should make sure they are not too close to the screen, and that they follow the 20/20 rule (every 20 minutes you look at the screen, stare at something atleast 30 feet away for 20 seconds). However, it isn't like that isn't a problem elsewhere. Headphones definitely should be monitored, but if the kid can handle it, they should be allowed to use them without supervision - not to mention much much higher volume levels are experienced at places like movie theaters. This (not theaters) can all be avoided by using speakers, but apparently parents think it is a  wonderful and fabulous  solution to a noisy environment to have their kid use headphones. The only reason I do is because my work involves talking to people with a headset, where a closed sound circuit (no mic feedback) is an absolute must, along with a hands free solution. The posture and looking down at the screen can easily be solved with a table, but yes, children should be extra careful about neck strain.
1	honestly this deserves to be top comment and what is wrong with LoL as a whole. When you notice someone playing bad in league, currently, the community wants you to just shut up because you dont know if this person is about to commit suicide so "dont hurt their feelings." I know thats a huge exaggeration, but I mean come on. It's a game. If someone thinks youre bad at a game, who cares?
0	He is not. Your grammar is horrific. Delete account now or I will hack your account, find our your address, come to your house, and delete it myself. And then take your computer and break it. Maybe even do worse things, I don't know yet.
0	A lot of people forget that Hitler was democratically elected. He staged a failed coup and was sent to prison. Which boosted his popularity a lot and during this time he solidified his philosophy in Mein Kampf. He gets out and runs with the very popular WWI general Hindenburg as Hindenburg's chancellor (Hindenburg figured he could use the popular, young politician to win). After Hindenburg died in office, Hitler started consolidating his power and we all know what happened next.
1	Bro i don't want to sound like a dick. But my mates and i who are all d1. Brought 2 teams to plat2 in 5-0. What ended up is becuase riot is being a dick with this border thing.. I just gave the teams to my friends and i told them to play 5 games on it and it doesn't matter if they lose all 5. As long as they have 30%. This way i hope my mates enjoy the plat border.
1	He's probably my favorite to play due to the juking potential, love to be tricksy! The problem is that aside from the clone, his damage is all single target.   Shaco is an assassin but unlike, say, akali, there really isn't any consistent AoE you can add to swing the tide of a battle. In a 5v5 team fight there are a few tricks like cloning in the bushes and sending in your clone right before the rest of your group as a good initiator. Also dropping jitb behind their group to stop runners, or behind your own team to help with retreat. Shaco is particularly good at chasing down that fleeing champion with 10% hp.   But overall, that's not what's important in a high level game. The teams usually coalesce into 5v5 around the 12 minute mark and the deciding factor (barring bad teamwork and mistakes) of who takes down the middle tower is going to be 1) who's got the heals to keep pushing, 2) who's got the stuns to pick off individuals, and 3) the aoe for pushing minions and dealing mass damage to the other team.   The other problem is if shaco's still 0-0 at 10 minutes he's got very little money and he still can't farm terribly well at this level. This will happen even to the best players if you're playing in a lane with a good healer, or two tanks, or god forbid that damnable evil taunting turtle that screws with his playstyle so much. Shaco will be barely finishing off his sheen which really doesn't bode well for the soon to happen team fights.   That said, I think the most important thing is actually the makeup of the other team. If there's no healers and only 1 tank with a bunch of squishies, Shaco will have a ball.
0	I agree that my use of right and wrong seems hypocritical on the surface. My statement that "Intentionally hurting another human being is wrong" was based on the idea that all humans are intrinsically free to think and do whatever they like, as long as their actions do not interfere with the rights and freedoms of others. Hurting a person against that person's will is a violation of this principle. This is not a question of morality as much as it is a question of universalizing human rights. Any right or freedom that I hope to preserve for myself, I must also recognize and preserve for others.   The question of self-defense is also interesting since the defender is depriving the attacker of his/her freedom to act^*. Morality aside, I would argue that if an attacker is willfully depriving another person of his/her rights, then the person who behaves defensively must be careful to ensure: (1) that an attack has legitimately occurred; (2) that the interaction between perceived "attacker" and "victim" is against the will of the "victim" (insert tangent about my childhood dog biting anybody who hugged me because she thought I was being attacked); (3) that the defensive behavior does not exceed mere prevention of the attack, i.e. the defensive behavior should not inflict unnecessary harm (excessive use of force) in order to stop the attack from occurring or continuing; and (4) the defensive behavior is not interfering with the rights and freedoms of others.   In the case of the card-switching florist (or homophobic florist of my example), I would argue that several of these points were violated by the florist who could have easily said, "I'm sorry, I cannot serve you because I morally object to your behavior. For the sake of everyone involved, please reconsider your lifestyle choices." [florist's hypothetical words, not mine]   You could argue that the florist was behaving in a manner that defended the rights of the unseen parties, the wife and the girlfriend. However, based on the evidence available, we don't know whether an actual attack was occurring. All we know is that a guy was trying to buy flowers for two people in an attempt to express affection toward those people, and he made a request of the florist so that the recipients would not be confused. If your moral code prohibits non-monogamous relationships, then you will likely conclude that the man's behavior is an attack against the other parties and those parties must be defended. (I would argue that the florist was actually defending the moral code itself and not the other parties, but that's irrelevant.) If you allow the man to behave according to his own moral code, that is, if you respect the man's right to moral autonomy, then you realize that the florist has just committed an injustice against the man by violating points #1, #2, and #4 above. To the extent that the card switch causes prolonged emotional pain in the other parties, then you have violated point #3 above.   ^* On the issue of preventing an attacker who has the "intention to harm" versus one who has committed "actual harm": From a purely objective standpoint, when no action has been taken by a purported attacker, the role of defense and attack are undefinable (this is why preemptive military strikes seem so controversial). When someone threatens to commit a "greater harm", they are not punished for committing that greater harm, they are merely prevented from committing that harm (assuming points #1 and #2 are true, and that the preventive behavior does not violate points #3 or #4).  Which reminds me of a little detention center that the United States government opened up in Cuba...   Side note: #1, #3, and #4 is why the Han Shot First controversy is a big deal because it means that Han was the bad guy and Star Wars folklore has difficulty integrating that image with the image of Han the hero.
1	I think it wouldn't actually be too hard for riot to incoprorate something like this into the client - it needn't have prizes beyond say a 5 win ip boost and some nebulous end of season rewards to encourage participation.   The way I envision it, you'd simply sign your ranked team up for a tournament queue (which would only be open at certain times/on certain days), and the matchmaker would find a set of similar ranked teams, and draw up brackets for you - Allowing you to spectate other games in the tournament if your round finished before the rest.   In order to make sure such games are completed in reasonable timeframe, it could enforce a "be here within 10 minutes" rule after the brackets are drawn, and could keep brackets small (no more than 8 or 16 teams).
0	Call the police to report the bike stolen, and give them the serial number if you have it.  Pawn shops have to check against stolen serial numbers before buying bikes.  When my bike was stolen in college, the guy tried to pawn it, and the police nailed him.  The guy had pawned something like 30 bikes in a month, but I guess nobody else bothered to give the police their serial number.  I'll never forget that call from the Austin Police Department telling me that they had my bike.
1	The structure is fine. What makes it wordy is the fact that it virtually repeats itself. If you "support the destroying" of something, you're also in favor of "hindering the development" of that thing. Only one of those statements would have sufficed.   That alone made the article look poorly written or reviewed, in my opinion. Granted, I somewhat
0	Rote memorization is a strategy. I'm not referring to how you commit things to memory, I'm referring to what is being committed to memory. My definition of memorization is learning facts just to know them. Learning general concepts is just called learning. Learning that the stuart kings of great britain were James I, Charles I, Charles II, James II, William I & Mary II, and Anne I is memorization (In my case I know it because there was a poster of british monarchs next to my desk in 6th grade and I spent way too much time staring at that thing), whereas the understanding that the stuarts were reigning monarchs in a time of sociopolitical unrest in Britain where the anglican church was still trying to find its identity and the Scottish monarchs retained elements of their catholic faith, much to the chagrin of the puritans who had become a major force in parliament, leading to the english civil war that deposed charles I and began a series of events that would greatly increase parliaments power compared to the monarchy (sorry for that horrible run on sentence) is not memorization, though I do remember it, obviously. This isn't data, it is an understanding of general concepts. The fact is my knowledge of British monarchs is useless in the day and age of the internet, as I can not manipulate that data in any meaningful way that I couldn't by just looking it up online. My fundamental understanding of 17th century british politics can however he manipulated, I can go into detail, I can make reasonable assumptions, I can draw connections between this knowledge and other knowledge I may come across, and this knowledge is not dependent on me remembering any specific part of it. I can completely forget about Cromwell, but there's enough there that I can fill in the blanks. I could of course get such a synopsis from wikipedia, but if I don't understand it, I don't know how to manipulate it, and if I can't manipulate it then a teacher is just going to say "this reads like a wikipedia article". The fact is a college level take home exam is going to ask something like "How did the absolutism of the early stuart monarchs influence the development of the modern day contitutional governments of the west, not "Who was the second stuart monarch?". If I didn't know the second stuart monarch, there would be no shame in me looking that up. That's exactly the kind of thing the internet is good for. If I'm desperately trying to figure out what absolutism is, then that's a much bigger problem.
1	1) Always remember that those 2 minions that ar far but you realy realy need to get, arent worth it.. 2) first trip back, buy something that makes you tanky enough (F.e. Once I played as jarvan vs Cait, bought a chain vest, game over/ playing ww vs Gp, bought glacial shroud, gg/lane vs kennen, rush negatron cloack) 3) ranged champs dont have gap closers(most of them) so call for ganks.. Also, while you build tanky, you can tower dive them easily, if your jongler is stronk dmg boum pew pew.. Remember that you scale better than them in terms of hp/armor/mressist/skill damage(till late game ofc) so building tanky is the tip..
1	With regard to questions regarding the decision-making behind Riot ToS, you may wish to reach out to them directly.   Speculating, I would say that Riot doesn't want to encourage the sale of accounts raised to level 30 by illegitimate means (botting) because those bots are also a violation of ToS and ruin low level games/new player experiences. Additionally, buying an account raised by another player (without botting) is against ToS because of the potential for Eloboost abuse. At the end of the day, your account is not actually something you own, which is part of the EULA we all accepted when we signed up.   With regard to why Riot doesn't have a service in place by which players can purchase 'fresh' accounts, I suppose it's because they don't really want players to smurf in the first place, since in an ideal world everybody would just play on their mains and be done with it. They don't outright forbid smurfing, but they aren't obligated to make it easy on you.   At the end of the day, high ELO q times are a problem for an extreme minority of LoL players, but readily available smurf accounts would have potential to seed unranked games (generally only players new to ranked) with an amount of high elo players. An unranked game with one Diamond smurf ruins up to 9 other players' experience.
1	Elo is a rolling average system, of course a 1600 and 1200 game could look the same, it is very easy for players to be of 1400 quality but currently at one of those marks.   Exact Elo is more variable in a team game, but the system still works. If you are a 1600 Elo player, you will more often than not swing games at 1200 Elo in your teams favor, shifting your win ratio about 50%, causing your Elo to rise.
1	It wasn't that Dyrus was non-existent, it was that Braum, the support, Was tankier than him DESPITE having less items. Amazing is playing decent, he had clutch ults to save turtle, and turtle was performing okay, but braum is a total counter pick
1	Plat 2 adc/support player It depends, although lvl 2 trades exist in 80% of the games.   Support perspective   I always try to pressure enemy duo by poking them with aa's and/or abilities, so if they are low enough, I will go in. If they are divided (example: blitz sitting in the bush, adc on top side of the lane), I will go in. If I can't pressure them or they are poking us instead, I will sit back and look for a counter engage.   ADC perspective   I always focus on farm, but always looking to poke with aa's/abilities while all the minions are at high health. (You can always get a couple aa's on an enemy adc when he is last hitting a minion and you are not.) Thus, I wait for my support to do something.
1	I don't think you realize just how helpful and important warding is.   That's why there are supports, to farm gp/5 and spam wards.  And the whole point of support is that the champs have a lot of utility without levels/items.  If you're useful without gold, the rest of your team gets a significant boost where instead of splitting gold 5-ways, you only split it 4.   Furthermore, if you ask professional ranged AD players, the SUPPORT wins the lane, not the carries.  Being in the bush, pressuring your opponents/zoning, healing, warding your lane so your ranged AD doesn't get ganked, setting up harass/fights... in the ranged AD + support meta, the support is the key player.  Trust me, as a ranged AD player, harassing and cs is the only 2 things you do until laning phase is over.  Then you add positioning, that's it.
0	Why has this got -92 down votes? People are suggesting he might be lying or down voting for boasting or are annoyed because this post might be cringe. Trust redditors to find out a fellow redditor is gonna get laid and instantly declare bullshit or downvote him because let's face it, you guys think it's too unrealistic to be true, reddit does not and never will get any of you laid.
1	First... really? I don't know why you're going out of your way to argue/be a douchebag here. I made a casual/broad comment because I didn't feel like going into how LP clamping works in detail. And I did read the link I posted. Here's what I'm referring to:   >If for some reason your matchmaking rating is below what is expected in your League, you will see League Point gains come much more slowly as you approach your Division 1 Series. Because League placement is now permanent, we have designed the system to ensure that a players matchmaking rating is high enough to ensure that you can consistently play at the level of the next tier. As long as you continue to win more than you lose, your League Point gain will even out and youll reach the Promotion Series.   So,
1	Did provisionals placed silver 4. Won a few then I have been on a 5 day losing streak. One more loss and I will be Bronze 1. I consistently get matched with at least two players who GG at the 12-15 min mark and refuse to communicate and instead spend the rest of the game arguing over whose fault it is.
1	Riot has a strict policy against throwing games, and if they feel you threw a game for another team they can kick your team from competitive play if they want to. Teams without sponsors end up similar to VES, where they weren't able to get a house until very late and weren't able to get on an equal playing field as other teams. If big organizations sponsor multiple teams it allows multiple teams to focus entirely on the game unlike teams without good financial support like VES, and it allows the two teams to develop strategy and practice with eachother. There is literally no reason not to allow an organization to sponsor more then one team. Matchfixing is possible but it would be dealt with very harshly.
1	Your opinion, though right, isn't what Riot likes. They said before that they don't want to split NA into NA-W and NA-E, because of routing issues, costs, and overall player experience. They basically want to save money by letting us complain till it's actually so bad they have to do something. This issue existed in S3, but was slightly fixed with "better servers". The issues came to light again in 4.17; why? Nothing with the severs changed. Nothing with ISPs changed. It's all Riot's code. Their code on the packet losses and such. You can give us a new server for a more centralized location, but until you look at the digits and characters of the code, you'll see where the fuckup lies.
0	If she wants that...just have her"romantic sloth" you.  (
1	And he could still finish within four years even with taking breaks, unless you mean for some reason they need to be consecutive years. I can't imagine that would be an issue for the places I have worked.   Yes I meant consecutive years.  Let me put it this way: you have one open position left, who are you going to hire: The academic beast that finished his bachelors in 3 years, or the hippie that wanted to explore his spiritual side so took a break to backpack around Mexico for two years before finishing his degree.  They may be equal in ability, but one appears way more motivated by his or her career.   >For where I am at, they care way more about experience, interest in the job and success at school. If anything finding someone with unique life experiences is a big plus. It shows they are willing to be dedicated to what they are passionate about and that they have had experiences which can widen their perspective.   While I agree that traveling/life experience can be a big plus, It's hard to sell a unique traveling experience as a plus if they don't even call you in for an interview :-/.  The sad fact is employers have to weed out/throw out resume's based on things like: GPA, time to finish, etc. so they can narrow a job with 100 applicants down to 10 interviews.
1	I am sorry that we provide such obnoxious experiences to new players like you. The reason I level smurfs, is to be able to practise new champions in ranked games at level 30, without putting my main account's rank at risk. And yes, I know a lot of people would ask: "Why don't you just play normal games?". Well, the reason for that is rather simple. First of all, highly ranked players tend to experience unrealistic things, as the opposite team look you up at LoLNexus or op.gg or whatever the hell they use these days, and decide to camp the living sh*t out of your lane. It's sad, but it's actually true. Reason #2 is that if you're unlucky enough to face lower ranked players, ESPECIALLY premades, you tend to get reported out of anger - because they are mad at the matchmaking system and take it out on you as the higher ranked player. Thus we have to go onto smurf accounts, to avoid being harrassed into oblivion if we play poorly on new champions(Even though we're diamonds, it doesn't mean we're based gods on every champion).
1	Very close.   Under this system, you get a certain amount of uncertainty. If you are in Silver III, you might actually have the MMR of Gold 4. This system is designed to show you advancing to that level, keeping things interesting. I gave an example of why this is good in another comment (
1	Il give this one more go. A good example is Curse Vs CLG week 3 Spring LCS. Curse ran a mainly Disengage / Siege comp with small amount of poke. This comp was Fast push siege/ disengage (Watch the game its was amazing) that worked really well. If you are still confused watch that game and find the post match breakdowns and you start to understand a little more clearer.   Poke is just the just being able to do damage at range somewhat safely. That's really all poke is. Jayce, Lux, TF and Xerath for some. (Im leaving nidalee out for a reason) In most cases that doesn't make them good at siege. Lux TF Xerath have no sustain, disengage or zoning which leaves them open and can be pressured.   Siege is being able to clear the incoming waves fast and continually apply pressure to the turret/area. You also need to be able to zone and disengage and sustain is optimal. Siege is the prolonged fight over a turret. The confusion is there are (broken) champions that do it all. Nidalee can Heal for the sustain, Poke, Disengage and traps zone. (Traps also stopped flanks which to me was one of her biggest issues) She (was) the all in one go to. Ziggs also offers amazing wave clear, zoning, poke and disengage again he almost does it all.   Your right in most Poke comps are siege comps because it makes them stronger than just running siege but that doesn't mean you need poke to siege. Siege is all about being able to stand in the enemy face but they just cant engage normally. An example would be (Trundle, Lee sin, Anivia, Cait, Bruam) They can siege turrets completely protecting Cait and diving into an Anivia is scary at the best of times but its not poke. The win conditions for this comp would be Fast Push, Siege, Jungle area fights where you can isolate.   This all goes back to my point about champion overlapping in to many aspects. In so many areas you make comps with about 3 elements in them for a well rounded comp but saying that X comps don't exist is incorrect.   My Dota experience is 1 alone with watching tournaments here and there of 2. Personally the game doesn't read very well for my liking. Yes LoL is alot more subtle but just because something is well less pronounced doesn't make it any less impactful. To that you can say well your average viewer doesn't even see these differences and isn't that truly the problem? I would agree, there are only 2 casters atm who even can articulately break down comps and I feel casters alone (generally) need to make more of a effort in explaining/ learning and not just talking about individual players.
1	Honestly, there is no such thing as a 'troll-pick'. What many, if not most of the League of Legends community does, is follow the meta; most players play with the set conventional play styles (e.g. 1, 1, 2 lanes, 2v1 lanes). What most people fail to realize is that the meta is not written in stone; there is no set way to play this game. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but the meta is only designed to give you the best chance of winning the game. And the meta  changes . If people rage/flame at you for picking a bruiser bot-lane, remember that some (I can't remember who) pro players have predicted bruiser bot-lanes in the pre-season of Season 3. The OP is right, LoL is a game (obviously) and it is a sand-box type game, albeit 3 maps and limited options. Sand-box means that  everything  you do within the game is perfectly fine. However, this is only in the perspective of oneself. This game is a team game, so your game play should try and mesh with others'. But that's my own humble opinion.  My opinion is wrong, fuck me right?
0	My boyfriend and I started out just as friends with great friend chemistry which gradually turned into something more.  We got stuck in a weird holding pattern for a while where I wanted something to happen, but he never made a move.  We stayed friends and kept hanging out, but since I had feelings for him and he didn't seem to have feelings for me, I was starting to wonder if it was a good idea to keep hanging out.  We kept hanging out, and after some coaxing, he finally made a move.
0	This will be downvoted into the dirt but it must be said. Zoophilia is an incredibly common sexual preference. Usually very submissive girls especially are drawn to it. I have a friend who opened up to me about her dog makes her his bitch and that's all she ever wanted anyone to do... I thought it was cute in a warped sort of way.   In cases of consensual sex acts (yes the dog is usually a more than consenting male) there is nothing wrong with it. The dog thinks he is a human and is getting some tail... DMHS. It's not abuse. Also you likely know AT LEAST one person who has engaged in a sex act with a dog and likely more than that. Don't slam these people, they have a preference that they must forever keep secret. The thought of the secret getting out is crippling.  Never underestimate human sexuality and the power it has over people.
1	To start off, I do not believe this is riot. If riot wanted to, they could kick you off the servers(as the have done in the past) and thus they would have no need for a message of that sort. My guess is that someone taken the chat packet and manipulated it to their means. It might be possible to look through the league client with OllyDbg and understand how their chat function works and thus understand how to manipulate the chat packet correctly.
1	But, 3 months is too much time a certain aspect of a game game can remain OP, and that is undeniably sadly.   An everchanging game like League needs artificial balance, due to the nature of the game. This game hasn't been active like DotA with numerous years of balancing from different game dev's. It's been out 2-3 years, and for the creators to survive in the early stages of the game, they needed to make it like this.
1	Exactly the reason to try and tilt him.   Cloud 9 is also pretty damn awesome at protecting Sneaky too.   It's also hard to say, "Let's focus Sneaky, the guy who Cloud 9 uses Lemon, Meteos, and sometimes Balls to protect."  He's also not reliant on their protecting most of the time too.
1	But it much more heavily nerfed our ability to read the patch notes, making
1	he's provoking an argument that isn't ever going to happen.   Thorin ALWAYS wants an honest, no-bullshit answer (if you watched his reflections videos, you would know how much he loves to put the interviewee on the spot at the end of each video). He structures his questions this way to make sure that Monte doesn't say, "Oh, he didn't perform as good as he usually does, but overall, he's a great top laner."   The whole point of Thorin's interviews -  No bullshit, honest answers.   And remember, Montecristo was invited to this show as a person who is familiar with Korean scene and league of legends meta in general. He, as a professional, HAVE to avoid bias (which is bias towards his team, CLG). Thorin is making sure that the discussion about the most important and the most close Bo3 in NA playoffs (and the longest rivalry in the League of Legends) is not affected by Monte's personal preferences. If Nien fucked up and cost them the spot at the All-stars - I, as a viewer, want to know that. What's the point in avoiding topics that potentially can change my affection towards a particular team? It's simply a style of interviewing and entertaining at the same time (considering that 10k people are watching you and they want to know what an analyst like Monte really thinks).
1	I'm not completely sure what you mean by hard carrying, but i'm assuming that it means you're doing well in terms of kills and cs. Early game is defined by how well you lane and it sounds like you have that under control. If you don't win the game after starting out with an advantage, the problem seems to be that you're not utilizing the advantage.   If you find that you or your teammates are ahead in a game, try to group your team for objectives like dragons and tower instead of just sitting in lane waiting for the opponents to catch up. This can be hard to do at low elo because not many people realize the importance of objectives, but liberal use of pings will help you convince your team.   This way the game will end before the team fight stage, which will ensure you a win even with a weaker team comp.   Once late game comes along, it can be hard to win some games due to weaker team comps or incompetent players on pivotal roles.
1	Yep! In fairness, they just didn't perform, but it seriously hurt them as a brand. Its covered a little bit here  (just an interview I happen to be watching).
1	You asked for other opinions on the issue, he gave em. Cor doesn't really make the effort to make polite overtures.
1	Can't tell if being sarcastic ... or trying to prove a point..   Never the less, Early game nunu is great, take damage, eat minion, hella lot of sustain. Compare to Talon, take damage, cop it till end of laning phase/go back/wait for regen/slight lifesteal if you went dorans. Late game he isn't as good, his ult works wonders if you can pull it off, but apart from that he is a one hit wonder, and his slow, he's so much better going support, ult is still useful, but you become such a better team champion.   Early game Garen is unmoveable, his passive ensures lane sustainability + no mana = can play a bit more recklessly in lane. Late game he isn't as strong because you cannot do play as recklessly, champions are more developed and you'll barely get your passive going before you're re-engaged upon, you cannot carry you're team unless .. you got very hard, but then again (almost) every champion can carry their team if they are fed.   Mord, i don't play him and haven't seen him post-nerf as much to say anything on him.   Also Tryndamere is a hard pub-stomp champion, executioners calling on one of  your champions makes sure if he build glass cannon, he will get punished, he is really easily countered by any form of good timing cc.   Sion's a funny one, if he builds AP he is pretty strong early-mid but isn't as good late game, if he builds AD, he isn't AS powerful as ap, but mid-late game he shines, as for his 'retarded amounts of lifesteal', yes, it is a lot, but that is his ultimate, it is meant to be unique and powerful, build armor instead of hp to remove that problem, have appropriate cc and good decision making, he is melee, abuse that.   And yes, they will own a 1v1. But this isn't a 1v1 game, it is a 5v5 game. A good team composition along with good positioning will wreck a tryndamere/Sion, If an ap carry does their job, force Tryndamere to use his ult, 5 sec of 'endless rage', kite back for 3 seconds, that 2 seconds he is going to use to escape. It is now a 4v5, this is why he isn't as strong at higher elo, Glass cannons aren't very strong.
0	In NYC, I was chilling outside a bodega when a lady tied her two pitbulls up to a hydrant and went inside. They seemed well behaved enough until a tiny dog walked by, one of the pitbulls lunged and bit onto the tiny dog whose owner flipped a shit (understandably) I told her the owner of the dogs was inside and she raised hell. The little dog was okay, but the pitbull looked upset, almost as if it knew it'd done something very wrong.
1	This is inaccurate in the sense that, in this case, the banana is a clear reward. It's a good banana, a delicious banana, nothing bad can happen if you have that banana.   Hence, it's stupid of the other monkeys  not  to try to get the banana.   BUT!  This cannot apply to LoL because there's no  guarantee  that the banana is good!   In LoL, the banana could be disgusting; the banana could be filled with arsenic; the banana could actually be the larva of a Cthulu-like otherworldly being in the shape of a banana hoping to lure an unsuspecting ape into eating it and then fester inside its guts using the ape biomatter to manifest into its horrible mature form and it will unleash a 1000 years of pain and suffering upon the world.   Is that what you want, Styval, a thousand years of pain and suffering because you went AP Teemo? Is it?  IS IT?
1	The answer is: There is no "GoTo" anymore. I really like what Riot did here because they changed Heal/Barrier/Ignite/Exhaust/Cleanse to a point where every one of them can be used effectively in Botlane. I can even see an Exhaust(Support)/Ignite(ADC) combination for a heavy kill lane working out if executed properly.   I'm trying to think of a common used setup among ADCs but there are just too many variables to be considered now. Just a few I can think of right now: Enemy Support+ADC, enemy Mid/Top/Jungle, overall enemy team composition, your Support/ADC, your Laners, your overall team composition, your gameplan (laneswaps, mid or lategame orientation). If you keep thinking about it there are even more I guess.
0	When you buy books, what you are paying for is it's content - the knowledge that is contained in the book and the experiences and sensations that you get while reading it.   The physical book is a mere vessel of the authors hard work.   Therefore selling consumed books back is just like returning empty beer bottles to the store.
1	first of all, Pun intended.   >The story:   >So i was 2-2 in my final promo game for plat. I tell my team my situation, and they agree to try their hardest (duh). HOWEVER i get on guy who says "I'm diamond V bro idgaf about you I'm just gonna feed". So he feeds, we lose. LOSS PREVENTED. The next game i play, I am against him in the mid lane, me as kassadin, him as morde. We win the game (I got to plat :D) and guess what? Since he was Diamond V with plat V mmr and he lost that game , HE GOT DEMOTED to plat 1 (He flamed in after game chat). Thank you rito, thank you.   >
1	Kat has such a hard time during laning phase because if she can last through it she can tear through mid and late game. She's hard to farm with and certain champs can shut her down, but its a tradeoff. Many champions are this way, you have a tradeoff between early and late game.   Nasus can be shut down pretty well early game, but if the game lasts long enough he becomes an unstoppable god. Garen has a really strong early game against most melee AD's top, but late he falls off. Kat is weak early game, but against the right team she can triple, quadra or penta the whole team if she abuses that passive right. Fiddle has weak clearing time, but ganks like a boss. So jungling fiddle means more ganks, less farming.
1	EYE CATCHER   Hey reddit. I'm LagsAlot.  I'm a high diamond level midlane main on EUW.   I  upload things made by myself like  Montages ,  Commentaries ,  little Guides  and some plays by myself. Example : **[Reverse Twisted Fate Outplay](   Come and visit my stuff if you are interested in the things I am doing. I try to upload as many videos per week and I don't have a real schedule but I try to upload atleast 3 videos a week.   Click [ here ]( to see my  1st Midlane Montage  including Nidalee, Yasou and Zed plays and [ here ]( to see my  Nidalee only Montage . [ Here ]( you can see my  Youtube channel  at all.   I wish you a wonderful rest of your life.   Have a nice day.
0	I understand your point but don't you see  that's what made his character so lovable to the audience..? It was the fact that he was so awkward and socially backwards while trying way too hard to be funny, all in a management position. Which is genius because the workers are unable to truly express how they feel about him for fear of termination, which wouldn't exist if he were just another sales rep. Throughout his Dunder Mifflin life, they see he has these tendencies to retain friends and relationships by any means necessary, resulting in having little to no friends and sticking with these destructive relationships, he himself was blind to. Co-workers sympathize with him over time and as a viewer, you even agreed you began to sympathize with him. So just when the office family seems to finally accept him while being so accustomed to his face, he falls in love with Holly who has the identical dorky sense of humor and moves away with her. Now while the show will never be the same without him, I can still say, with the combination of his amazing acting, the writing, and of course the performances from each cast member, this was one of the greatest shows ever on tv. Now while I hated the idea of an office without Michael, I admit, I love the fact that he finally fell in love with his other half choosing true love over his only other true love, which of course was, Dunder Mifflin. Ok Sorry just wanted to put my 2 cents in also :)
1	The thing is I am not asking for Riot to moderate it, I am not forcing people to go play norms, I am simply asking politely to go play him in norms. Mmr has nothing to do with them playing in norms I don't want them to perfect him I want them to play in norms to find out his abilities. You are getting way too upset and it is probably because you suck at Twitch and your support is raging at how bad you are.
0	This deserves a wonka meme along the lines of: "Oh a teenage boy wants to share his opinion on the effects of PMS? .. Please share with us your wisdom"
0	Sorry about the delay in the response, I traveled over half the contiguous USA yesterday-it gave me too much time to think about what to write.   I cut my father out of my life when I was 18.  He and my mother(wife #2, duration 16 years) had divorced when I was 7, and by the time I grew up, he was onto Wife #4 (duration unknown).  This was not just prompted by me finally being an adult, but also him moving across the country.  What kept me from doing it before then was my fear of telling him off, then running across him in the store.   When I was 25, business brought him through town, and he called me, invited me to lunch.  He'd had to call me at work, because he did not have my number.  I accepted, and when we met at the restaurant he asked me "Is your mother still flea-bitten out in the sticks?"  This may not have been the first question he asked, but it is the one that sticks in my brain the most.  My mother is a homesteader in Alaska, and while she may not have running water in her house (they tried, but couldn't get the well digging truck up the giant hill), that does not mean she is incapable of being clean.  I vocally let him know that that sort of talk was unacceptable and if he continued, I would walk out.   At the end of the conversation, he said that he realized that I was not open to reconciliation, and that he would not try to contact me again, but that I was welcome to contact him at any time.  I am now 30, and have a 3 year old of my own.   There are times when I regret it, but it's more like the whole situation then just my own actions.  More like 'why he'd have to be like that?'  I'm pretty sure that if he were allowed to see his granddaughter, he would not make her ashamed of her emotions like he did to me, but.....there's this inertia that's taken hold.  And it's a comforting stillness, for I have not had an ulcer since he's left.  I don't hide in the back of the closet anymore when I cry(so he couldn't see my tears).  He was never violent, but you can hurt with your words, too.   Also, I have gotten in contact with my elder abandoned half-brother from Wife #1 (duration 4 years).  When my father left her, he denied my brother.  The whole "I have no son" thing.  But we found each other through Facebook, and now I've gotten to know his family and my rocking awesome niece.  So I guess I've gained more family than I've lost?   Plus, I've always been an advocate of your friends are your family.  And they are the ones that I spend every Thanksgiving with, and it's wonderful.
1	I can definitely say that is not the case. In the world environment (or server) of the game is multi-threaded, meaning that all code dealing with Yasuo is independent of the code dealing with enemy champions (code that only applies to themselves), it's best to leave them independent until they absolutely 100% need to interact. This leads to easy bug fixing involving champion interactions because it narrows down the problem so much.
0	If that's the only way you can interpret it, then you need to work on your critical thinking skills. It's moreso assuming that anyone who runs home and makes a meme about their bad date (boy or girl) is probably a socially awkward neckbeard, who did something really awkward to warrant the reaction, whether it was a girl talking about her cat, or a guy showing up in sweatpants and a fedora.   In other words it was a joke, one that you apparently are too much of a moron to get, or too self righteous to appreciate (instead of assuming I'm some sort of sexist).
0	Actually,  practically all antibiotics have the potential to decrease the effectiveness of estrogen-containing contraceptives.  Here's the  ELI5  (I hope)  version  why:   You see, when your body metabolizes outside estrogens to excrete them, what it does is makes the estrogens more hydrophilic (more polar and attracted to water) by usually attaching a sulfate ion or a glucuronide moeity to the estrogen molecules.  The sulfate and glucuronide are attracted to other polar molecules, and the now-attached estrogen kind of gets dragged along for the ride.   This conjugated (attached) estrogen is excreted into the bile that gets secreted into the intestines. This is how your body tries to get rid of it  (estrogen goes in your poop).   The estrogen in its polar, conjugated form leaves the body.   Here's the kicker:   So, those bacteria that live in your gut, the "intestinal microflora," can metabolize that estrogen conjugate.  They can break apart the conjugate.  The result is that there is now free estrogen in the intestines, which can be absorbed back into your body, but to a lesser extant than would happen from taking the estrogen pill in the first place  (bacteria allows some estrogen to go back into you, and less estrogen goes in your poop).   In Pharmacokinetics (the study of liberation, absorption, distribution, metabolism, and elimination/excretion of drugs in the body), this diminishing-return recycling system, when applied to drugs, is called "the enterohepatic effect."  It is where your body tries to excrete drugs into the bile that gets secreted into your intestines, but then reabsorbs a portion of that drug back into your body.   Bacteria may not play a role in the cycle for all drugs, but in this case, they do.   If you were to graph drug levels after a single dose, and the drug were enterohepatically recycled, you would see repeated peaks with decreasing peak sizes as time goes on and the drug gets excreted and partially reabsorbed a few times in a row.   Many, if not most hormonal contraceptive dosages were developed and studied in populations where this diminishing-return drug recycling system is intact.   Now, imagine this system with antibiotics in the mix, affecting the bacteria in your gut.  You don't have as much of the bacteria in your gut, because of the antibiotics. The bacteria aren't able to break apart that estrogen conjugate, and as a result, you excrete more of that estrogen, and don't reabsorb as much of it as previously in that enterohepatic cycle. There would be less estrogen in your circulation, as a result, leading to a potentially decreased effectiveness of your hormonal contraceptive  (antibiotics means less bacteria, which means more estrogen in your poop, and less estrogen in you than what has been studied and demonstrated as effective).   There are other ways for antibiotics to change how much estrogen you have in you. Certain antibiotics like rifampin can cause your body to make more enzymes that break the estrogen down.
1	Speech incoming   AA stands for auto attack.  Every champion in the game has an auto attack animation that they follow through when you click on on enemy.  AA cancelling is when you cancel the animation of the auto attack midway while still doing damage.  It is mainly used as a way to "head-start" your next attack so you are basically doing more damage in the same time frame as a normal auto attack.  In order to do it, it really depends on the champion.  For Draven, one example of aa cancelling is right when you throw your axes (normal or q), you click behind you and then in front of you really fast which cancels that last part of the wind up action.  This allows the next aa animation to start slightly faster resulting in more damage.  One great example of a champ with aa cancellation is Riven.  If you watch top players (like BoxBox), you will notice that they seem to fuse both their abilities and auto attacks as one attack.  This allows the players to have a large burst of damage that many people don't initially expect but aa cancellation take a whole lot of practice and you really need to know the champ.  Another example of aa cancellation is using items.  The best example is the Ravenous Hydra and its active.  Many times in a pro games, you will see players use the hydra in the middle of an aa (like when they are farming creeps) and they will basically do two autoattacks at the same time.
1	I was playing a game as Blotzcrunk a couple weeks ago, and we had lost, but barely. If we won a teamfight at our mid inhib turret, we'd be even. We just had to grab the Brand. Brand sets up to pull some (?????) kind of maneuver by going to the right side of the wall, walking right behind Shyvana. Brand wanted the D, so I hooked him pixels behind Shyvana, and he got the fist. It was 4v5 against Baron team, we had to kill their Graves. Well thankfully Graves thought it was a good idea to run away from Mobi boots Blitzcrank, so I flash hooked him into the 11th dimension. We won that game next teamfight, only losing Draven.
1	Just today I lost bot lane because of comcast, I was Thresh and had 400 ping the whole lane. I asked after game if they could tell and Leona said yes it was quite obvious. Called comcast after and they fixed the issue.
1	Commenting about people saying the game and site are down, I STRONGLY believe this is Comcast specific. Last night around 11:00pm EST at night, I could not log in to game (it said servers unavailable) and I could not access na.leagueoflegends.com (not ping it). This was all on my Comcast Connection (in MA), and in another thread, I had a dozen or so comments from other MA users using Comcast, same thing. While I could not access the game on Comcast, if I switched to my Verizon connection, it worked fine.   Tonight, AGAIN! The EXACT same issue with Comcast for me. I played all day during the day with no issues at all. As soon as night time comes (and I assume many more players are then playing), everything goes to crap.
1	I am similar to the guy that drug described. i keep the same mentality that drug's friend holds. however, i suffer from an illness that keeps me from performing at my best and consistently. because of my illness i deem myself unfit to play ranked and do not do so accordingly. many times i will not even start a ranked blind because i know i cant perform to the standard of my normal queue. however it really kills me when people just flip out and flame. i play this game for fun and a way to take my mind off things and some days when i am feeling shit all i feel like doing is sitting down and playing 1 match on summoners rift. this form of relaxation is immediately destroyed by rage and flamers. i would love to see this epiphany form more commonly in the league.
1	Pretty much.   Not to mention the play is cut out when he is about to die. He has multiple accounts in low elo ( hint hint , he actually buys them, like, against the Terms of Use). I once argued with a mod from his stream that he had a 'smurf' that had games all the way back in season 1, the mod replied that BoxBox just  happened  to have that account and he  just then  felt like playing ranked there again. This was just one of his multiple supposedly smurfs.   About the video, these are plays where he has a huge lead in most cases, then there are in like gold or even silver mmr. Only 1 or 2 of the plays shown are on his main account, that one with the 2 boxes.   He's just an attention whore imho, never gives much advice on anything, buys low elo accounts to stomp silvers/golds and get fanboys to watch him and scream "so good!!" and "lol that XXXX is so bad". Because it's fun, I guess.   And then we get this compilation where we see a high D1 player stomping people like 20 leagues below him that might even be trying champions, with his god damn main,  because even in silver league, he struggles to win with anything but Riven/Lee Sin . How's that for sportsmanship.
1	When I created an account in Brazil to play with a foreign friend, at level 17 we were matched against two Pain gaming players.   I was mid as TF I think and was completely rolled by their Lissandra.   Brazil, at the time, had such a small player base that matchmaking was all over the place.   In NA I have had similar experiences but it's usually because of the way duo/groups work. You get like a level 30 playing with several low levels. Highest I've ever went against in NA doing that is probably Diamond though.
1	I probably belong in Silver at the moment   no, no you don't. you belong in silver when you can carry bronze games, you belong into gold when you can carry silver games and so on (only exception high diamond/challenger there it gets complicated)   > As with most other people I was screwed and got matched with terrible teammates in every single game.   i started in low silver and played myself up to platin, and sure i got bad teammates but it didn't mattered cause the enemys also had "bad" teams and that way i could carry easyly. (now that i am near my skill cap that i have atm its harder for me to carry games, so i have to improof to get higher but diamond i will reach soon (tm))   >I've looked online and asked friends how to get out of "ELO Hell," but nothing I have tried has gotten passed my teammates super feeding.   there is no elo hell. since you don't post us a lolking we can't see your last matches to see the super feeding of your team vs your godlike beeing fed   >I am at a loss on how to get there   if you would belong to silver you would get there (if you would have a lower silver skill level you would have a harder time to come to that level then a higher silver skill level but still you would constantly rise and not fall lower or stay the same, since you don't do that as you stated yourself you are at your current skill level)     after looking at your lolking profile tips on how to get better:   1.) your farm is horrible. go into a custom game and try to farm minions for 20 minutes without buying any items and runes and masteries, if you can achieve 150 minions in that time you have a farm that is good. (do that every day and try to get EVERY minion you can get in those 20 minutes (228 should be maximal possible on the botlane if i am not wrong)   2.) watch stonewall008 on youtube/twitch to learn how to jungle (you can read his articels on reignofgaming) cause your builds are horrible for jungle (one of the best "educators" for jungleing imo)   3.) your masteries are bad. as a general tipp: for dmg go 21/9/0 and for tanky go 9/21/0 and as support go 0/16/14 (as much tankyness as you can while taking as much gold/10 as you can). look up on lolking what proplayers use for certain games (watch them on twitch and when they are ingame lolking them and see what they use, start with just copying it 1:1 and try to understand why they use them)
1	It was with a very specific game plan, and their whole early game strategy was about helping the braum survive. They then won with roaming thresh+braum making it so Kog never ever died. It's also important to note that Braum was like 20 cs behind the enemy jungler at every point in the game.
1	I started League August 2nd, 2013, at lvl 1. I started Ranked September 4th, 2013. My first 10 games went 7 wins, 3 losses, placing me in Silver 2. It took me 3 weeks to get from Silver 2 to Silver 1, mainly cause I didn't understand how Ranked worked still and the only lanes I knew was Jungle and Mid.   Once I learned support and a little bit of top, I got to Gold 5 in 5 days. I slowly rose up to Gold 3 promos on Wednesday, but then I played really bad for 2 days and now back at Gold 5, trying to rise up again tho!   [My LoLKing](
0	Once had a teacher make us prepare 45 minute demonstrations.  Minimum .   This was in high school, a class of thirty paired into two person teams, so roughly 12 hours for everyone to present...nearly a month of nothing but falling asleep in class to  yet another  project.   As students, we were livid.   So my partner and I (I'm straight, sorry fellas) decided to provide an example as to why this was a bad idea.   After the third period of us presenting absolutely every single piece of information, all the inane little details we could, she stopped our presentation, and accepted the rest of the classes demonstrations in paper form.   She never made us present for more than 20 minutes after that, and has always set a maximum time for all future presentations.
0	Yeah I'm a sophomore in high school and my school has cut all of the shop classes from the choices. We used to have woodworking, metalworking, auto mechanics, an others but the focus has shifted so much towards STEM (which I will probably go into myself) that they basically propose no option- they make it seem that if you don't go to college, you will fail, and that's simply not true. Even those who would go to college can benefit from some basic shop classes, just to get a knowledge of what they are doing to save some money later. For example, I would live to take just a basic car mechanics class or the like, just so I could fix some basic things on my car myself. But instead, the focus too much in college and not enough on real life. I don't even think my school has a personal economics class, which I feel should be a mandatory class.
0	i had the exact same thing happen to me earlier this year. this girl just started at my work a few months after me. we became "best friends" almost right away, and got quickly emotionally attached to her, mostly because we'd hang out like all day every day. so i figured she might like me. then a week or two later, she talks about this guy she likes, how they went on a date and all this nonsense.   to this day she has no idea i ever liked her, at all. at least i've never told her, and i don't plan to.   it did work out oddly though, ended up going to a nightclub with her and a friend from work, and one of her friends, and its worked out so well with this girl that i'm theoretically dating her. i mean she already said she'd date me and jargon, we're both just so busy that i can't find a good time to take her out on one.   when i do though. very soon, i hope.
1	Once upon a time, in the summer of this year, I was 2223 Elo. Magically, after a long vacation, I dropped over 300 Elo in a single week. Then, Riot reset the highest ratings. Struggled to get my play back in shape, and finally got diamond last week.
0	I'll preface this with a throat clearing and mention that I wrote my master's thesis on al-Qa'ida. I earned a Master's of International Security Studies and a Master's of Policing, Intelligence and Counter Terrorism from Macquarie University in Sydney back in 2009. I currently work in a related field. I only mention this because it's relevant to how seriously you're going to take what I'm saying.   >Almost certainly not an islamist   At this stage, you do not have  anywhere near  enough information about this attack to make that kind of assessment.   >Islamists generally work with the support of at least one group of like-minded people (Islamic Jihad, Al Qaida, Hezbullah, Hamas etc)... these groups tend to fall all over themselves claiming credit as quickly as possible when they know a muslim was behind it - even if any given group claiming credit had nothing to do with it.   This is only partially true, and even then it's more of a pre-9/11 understanding of Islamist terrorism. If you look into the literature on the global jihadist movement, there is actually a consensus that groups like al-Qa'ida have shifted from tightly-coupled networks to a broader social movement where central operational control is rare and unessential. Marc Sageman's "Leaderless Jihad" was a key text in demonstrating this shift, but many others have convincingly made the same argument since its publication. The literature has recently been quite obsessed with the idea of "lone wolf" terrorism and has discussed it in the context of Islamism at length. By no means does "acting alone" rule out the possibility of the attack being one conducted by an Islamist.   These days, Islamist terrorists generally work with  absolutely minimal  outside support. Recent plots demonstrate this.  The 2010 Time Square bombing attempt, the 2009 Christmas Day airline bombing attempt, and the Fort Hood attack show that Islamist terrorists increasingly  do  act on their own. The days of traveling to training camps and forming a cell are over. Self-radicalisation is the current concern of terrorism analysts.   As for claiming credit, yes, Islamists organizations are quick to claim credit after they plan and execute an attack. This, however, is not always the case. Usama Bin Laden didn't publicly claim credit for 9/11 until 2004. The possibility you're ignoring, however, is that this attack may have been conducted by an  unaffiliated  individual who was self-radicalised and merely inspired by Islamist networks. (Such a person would not yet be in a position to safely claim responsibility if they wished to get away with the attack). Those networks who inspired that individual would have possessed no foreknowledge of an attack and would not know their role in it until later.   I do agree, however, that the longer this thing goes unclaimed, the more it looks like it may have been a mass-murderer with no ideological motive.   In fact,  this strategy is exactly what Al-Qa'ida in the Arabian Peninsula are attempting to employ . They have made heavy use of the internet to publish magazines (such as 'Inspire') and disseminate video propaganda (such as speeches by Anwar al-Awlaki) to potential radicals. This kind of attack is exactly what their training manuals have been encouraging for years.   >My guess is this guy was a "lone wolf" like McVeigh or Kaczynski who might've gotten help from one or two other people, and has certainly gotten encouragement from all the hate-talk type media nutbags, but is not a member of any formalised organisation.   Again, "not a member of any formalised organisation"  does not rule out Islamist influence . I have no idea why you're so sure that it does. Self-radicalised, lone wolf jihadism has been the focus of al-Qa'ida since around 2010. It has actually resulted in many failed plots and arrests. They may have gotten lucky this time.   Look, you may very well be right that a nihilist or an anti-government, right-wing individual conducted these bombings. It's certainly one of the few most likely possibilities. We just don't know at the moment though. And trust me, any terrorism analyst worth his salt is being careful not to speculate about this just yet.   The main point is this:  no one on Reddit has enough data to make an even remotely reliable assessment of who did or did not do this . Everyone is hoping that this isn't an act of Islamist terrorism, and so am I. Everyone jumping to rule it out, however, seems to be conducting a biased analysis based on wishful thinking.   Let's wait for the investigation to make some progress until we start ruling out suspects based on speculation and incomplete data!
1	Unjust, that's funny.  When the tribunal was in place, there were many many many times where people would question it.  Most often, Lyte would come in and uphold the ban.   There was the rare occasion where someone would be punished even more than they had been, and the more rare case of someone being mistakenly banned (it happened, but not nearly as much as the OP would lead us to believe.
1	In the two ezreals situation it can especially be proven that Armor Seals will always be better than AD seals. Lets make a few statements.     Anytime Ezreal A is in range of AutoAttacking Ezreal B, Ezreal B must also be in range of Autoattacking Ezreal A.     The same can be said for Mystic Shot     Armor seals give 1.41 armor each, 12.69 total     AD seals give .43 attack damage each, 3.87 total     We'll exclude glyphs and marks for the sake of simplicity, assuming each ezreal has neither.     Level 1 Ez has 47.2 AD, 12 Armor       So Ez A (who has AD seals) starts with:   51 AD, 12 Armor   Ez B (armor seals) starts with:   47.2 AD, 24.69 Armor   If Each Ez Q's and each Each Q hits then the following happens:   Ez A's Q: 35(+51) = 86   Ez B's Q: 35(+47.2) = 82.1   Ez B gets hit by Ez A's Q: 86 Damage (*0.8(the damage multiplier with ~25 armor) = 68.8  Damage   Ez A gets hit by Ez B's Q: 82.1 Damage (*.89(the damage multiplier with 12 armor) = 73.069   So the Ez that specs with armor seals will do more damage in a trading of the Q's   The same situation with Autoattacks:   Ez A's Autoattack does 51 AD lvl 1 (with his AD seals)   Ez B's Autoattack does 47.2 AD lvl 1   Ez A hits Ez B with an auto = (51 AD * .8 Damage multiplier) = 40.8   Ez B hits Ez A with an auto = (47.2 AD * .89 Damage multiplier) = 45.39
0	That's a real thing. I had regular periods up until I was 24 and then they just stopped. I gained weight, grew facial hair, my face became covered in heavy acne, I felt sick and tired all of the time, my hair was rattier somehow. Turns out I had PCOS--it's very common. Birth control is what they prescribe to control and almost completely get rid of the symptoms.   Before my periods stopped though, and when I wasn't on birth control, I had really irregular and very painful periods from the start. Imagine sitting in class and completely off schedule and out of nowhere you start bleeding profusely so that before you have a chance to go to the bathroom you are now covered in a strong smelling blood mixture that has leaked onto the back of your pants. It's like shitting yourself in public only you don't have a sphincter down there so it just keeps flowing. Sometimes you'll get a warning though but it's in the form of agonizing pain like your ovaries are trying to turn themselves and your uterus inside out.  Sometimes you'll go over the usual bracket of time in which you are supposed to have a period and you'll get increasingly bloated and lethargic.
1	I'm going to wait until I can watch a VOD of this before I pass final judgment, but my initial impression is that this is a really really bad move by reginald.   I was actually thinking about this when he originally started to start raising a shitstorm, but really, there is no upside to what regi is doing.   When Dignitas beat CDE, CDE lost the trip to Korea, but gained the sympathy and support of the community. But the problem is, the only parties that had really been heard from in this matter were CDE. Dignitas, WCG, and Riot had all not released final statements about the matter.   Now that they've started to tell their sides of the story, and the community firestorm is starting to die down, and the facts about what actually happened are starting to come out, people are going to form their final opinions on the matter.   The issue for CDE is this: if the facts come out and support CDE's point of view, then Regi's raging will be mostly canceled out by the fact that his team was treated unfairly. People may think less of him for it, but they'll understand why. But if the facts come out, and they actually show that Dignitas were cast in the wrong light due to mismanagement, or if Riot does something to fix the situation like send both teams, or even if the end result is a sort of neutral scenario, and all the blame gets foisted onto WCG, then people are just going to remember Regi raging like an entitled brat and he'll actually lose fans/supporters from teh whole mess.
0	Virginia tech is paying me 800 dollars to record me while I'm driving at all times. They want to study how someone who is 15 and has a learners permit differs from regular drivers.
1	I am perfectly comfortable playing top laners that are camped constantly. I avoid the ganks. I hardly ever die on GP or Nasus unless it's a constant 3-man gank from mid and my jungler is just snoozing.   If this is true, then your team is winning. Your post and your complain is, then, pointless.   >I never said I lose my lane, and that is why the jungler needs to come. I never said I need farm and that is why the jungler needs to come.   Then better gank other lanes and take objetives, which are way more important than your farm.   > I said that it is an easy double kill because I know their jungler is camping me, and we can take premature action and kill him easily.   Early level Nasus loses all the trades in 2vs2. Nasus+Jarvan vs Renekton + Vi will just get destroyed without doubt. If you are GP, then a gank may be worth. But your jungler will gank because IS WORTH for the team, not because you want he to gank. I gank a lot of times in top lane, even I do 2vs2 quite often, either in top and in mid. But I never do it just because top lane feel like fighting. There you see the difference. You are a part of something bigger, which is the team, and you will be sacrificed without hesitation if it comes to be better for the team, for example, you lose some minions, and we take a drake.   >Jesus get that entitled stick out of your ass. The Jungler is a tool of the team, so either you listen to all of your team or go play another role.   Aw yeah, we listen a lot of things. We hear enemy top has warded and you dont even know what a pink ward is. We hear "I need to farm" but we see that even if we gank, you will farm 5 creeps more, and then you will be in the same situation.   We listen our team, but most of the time, the laners have tunnel vision. The jungler have to have a global consideration always.     And we also are, along with the support, the roles with the less amount of gold. So calling us, sort of a greedy is just stupid, because we don't win anything with your lost per se. We don't let you alone for the sake of your dispair, to enjoy off your suffering. It is almost impossible to carry a game as jungler, if you don't play a carrier jungler, so we are, as supports, totally carry-dependent. We want all our carries to be as far ahead as possible, because we need them to carry.
0	While I agree with you, you must admit this was well executed though. Especially since I saw the original post earlier today and it indeed blew my mind, so when I opened reddit a minute ago and saw this post at the top, it had much personal relevance and entertainment value.
0	This, so true... Q_Q such a big backlog and no time for it all   edit:
1	People implying Yellowstar played bad this game are confused.   Yes, his miss looked absolutely horrible, but he played fantastic in lane and LITERALLY HOOKED LUCIAN INTO TOWER 3 times (!!!) during sieges. Of course at the end it didn't mean shit because Alliance was too far ahead.
0	I was in the same boat for the longest time. I used to just say "Clippers side and back, scissors on top." Any further information the person wanted, I usually just made ambiguous motions and suggestions.   The best thing I've ever done is to forgo the clippers (shears/the electric thing) and just use scissors all over, and ask for the top to be "textured." I usually just throw some hair goo in and roll. By not using the clippers, I think my appearance improved tenfold. It looks much  more natural when they use scissors as opposed to the clippers, and I think it comes out with a cleaner blend.
0	In some states, yes. However, those laws were originally intended to protect women who had been promised marriage (I.e. were engaged)  under the coverture doctrines and had already begun the process of combining estates. In the end, the likely outcome would be a shrug from the judge unless you could prove in writing that the initial intent was deception for profit, in which case it would be a slam dunk.   Edit:
1	I bought 20 dollars worth of riot points when the servers were heavily trafficked, and I had the same problem as you did.  When I restarted my client, lo and behold I had my points, so I bought myself a couple things and ended the day with 900 odd RP left.  I logged in the next day and I found that my RP was then OVER 3000 for some reason. probably a communication error due to the server traffic (It was a half hour queue to get in, I blame Brand being on free week).
1	Then they should have nerfed her base damage, not her range. You can't use it to chase as well anymore. You can't use it as many times as Akali unless you set up some CDR for her Q. It changes the way she will be played. Same thing with her E, just lower the CC, or the duration. The range on it was already small.
1	There's a number of reasons. There's no secret that Ryze is better in Season 3 than he was in s2, due to the new items like Seraphs, and the fact his build path got buffed (easier/cheaper build paths).   In reality, most would argue that Twisted Fate is the most overpowered mid, because at the highest level he can win almost every lane, and win the game for his team with 2 good ultimates. His scaling is also borderline hypercarry status, as his late game burst/cc/damage/map control is EXTREMELY hard to deal with (with a 6 item build, he can 1v1 an AD carry that is separated from their team). If you go to elophant.com or lolking.net, you will see that TF's win rate at lower elo's is quite low, but at Plat and Diamond his win rate is absurdly high - this is because he is a very hard champion to play, with no real escapes, low base stats, and no shields or heals, thus only players who practice almost nothing but TF can play him effectively.   Now back to Ryze. Ryze can be shutdown much easier than Twist, hence why some people are arguing with Toyz' statement on Ryze being OP. Ryze can never have the same effect on a game that TF can, however that does not mean that in the hands of someone extremely skilled, he can make it through lane phase quite easily (which is his weakest phase), and then go on to become a hyper carry. Late game he has everything you could ask for, except short range spells, meaning he has to be tanky (but that's not an issue, as tank items such as Seraphs, ROA, Frozen Heart, and Banshee's Veil are core items, and extremely effective on Ryze). Ryze has an enormous powerspike when he hits level 6, as he can duel the enemy mid effectively.   The idea behind Toyz saying he's OP, is that from his point of view, a good Ryze player can either ask his jungler to show in the mid lane a few times until he hits 6 (he's easy to gank for with his W), or just play safely. He also, has no escape, however as Toyz stated he can viably go 21 points in the utility tree, to give himself the 3% movement speed bonus - this is huge for someone with no escape.   His late game DPS is only paralleled by AP mids such as Karthus, TF, Cassiopeia, Oriana and Lux. What separates him from all except Karthus, is that late game he thrives off being part of the front line of his team, while Cass, TF, Ori and Lux require more positioning, and are more prone to dieing if not being protected or peeled for. When you have a carry that doesn't need to be protected, all of the pressure is taken off of your team.   In reality some champions are reliable at high levels of play, and others are not. A skilled Ryze player can make it to late game with relative ease, especially with his easier build paths in s3.
1	Actually, the sololane is top because the two players on bottom would be able to help with dragon control more than the single solo player during the mid game. If sololane was on bottom, and the enemy sololane was on top then the enemy would have an advantage during dragon contests, etc. Therefore, sololane will be on top.
0	Dropped out of college, started working as a grunt at a cabinet shop pushing wood through a table saw, learned the various woodworking tools in the shop, started working in the mockup shop at an aerospace company pushing metal through a band saw. Started machining aluminum while there, applied knowledge to CNC mill, learned to CNC program, started messing around with 3D CAD program, learn it, start designing aircraft parts in 3D. Now, 8 years later, I'm in a position where I sit at a desk all day and read reddit while I field questions from aerospace engineers with bachelors and masters degrees on how to do their job designing and building aircraft parts. I make 65k a year, not a lot but enough to live comfortably, especially since I have $0 debt. I don't even have an associates degree to speak of but I consider myself educated and smarter than most people I work with. All in all, a formal education is nice, but by no means necessary. Having experience in a particular field or trade goes a lot further to a potential employer than an education in the same field, hands down.   My advice to younger people would be to learn a trade after high school, get some xp to show for it. If you feel it's something you want to pursue further, then go to night school and bolster your xp with an education if you feel so inclined. Don't expect to be hire-able straight out of college with no xp. College teaches you how to finish something you start, not how to be an effective and useful employee.
1	Each report is looked at for legitimacy. Chat logs are scanned for keywords and such. For things harsher than chat bans (such as 2 week and perma bans) they are looked at by a rioter personally. As such there is less than a 1% false positive. The number of reports doesn't influence anything. If you get reported for something bogus then the person reporting you loses some weight in their future reports and the report he gave you was not counted towards any punishment received. RiotLyte and Phreak had a large number of posts in the past few days on the forums explaining the whole things and how the system is not abusable by large amounts of false reports.
0	I distinctly remember my one grandma talking about "negro" hair at the thanksgiving table...... my other grandma had a shit fit because she thought my cousin was dating a black man..... when she found out he was gay, she was OK with it...... as long as they were not dating.
0	I took the early classes and was done with school before lunch every day. The few afternoon classes I took were often full of people wearing PJ's (at 3 pm) and frequently looking like they just woke up from a binge drinking session. At the risk of over stereotyping I found that the morning classes were full of people who tried harder and afternoon classes were full of people who just wanted to party.
1	It's default bound to the ` key. (Above tab)   Whilst holding it, you may click on minions to move to where they are, without attacking them. It's useful for switching monster aggro when you are ranged but you want to take aggro instead of somebody who is melee; you can walk right up to baron, for example. Also useful for jumping over double golem wall from golem side as Nidalee, or placing the ward at red buff over that wall as a support without taking golem aggro by accident.   Another trick to use when Thresh's lantern is hard to click is to just click slightly up the chain from the lantern, it will still zip you back.
1	Lol, if you think about it like that you are delusional. I am sorry but CLG is looking SO BAD.. They are behind the meta, it just seems ( WHICH MEANS IN MY EYES/OPINION ) they are not adapting/training for anything new. The decisions they make looks so stupid and foolish.. If you pick a j4/karthus/ez/leona/orianna you think TSM isnt capable of thinking forward and will try to shut you down the sooner the better ? And even if that dindt went as easy as it went now they would have avoid every tf later game for sure.
1	The one I like to use the most is Pantheon vs. Wukong. In my experience, Pantheon absolutely shot on Wukong.   Because both are melee, both farming at the same time is usually not a common thing. If Wukong decides to focus farm rather than harass you, free spear shots on him all day. You have range harass and he doesn't. If he decides to harass you as well, any time he uses Nimbus Strike to jump in, you can instantly stun him before he has a chance to stealth away, giving you a free Heart Seeker Strike.   Also, both Heart Seeker Strike and Spear Shot ruin Wukong. If you throw a spear at him and he stealths in response, the real Wukong still gets hit by the spear. If you start Heart Seeker Strike, he will still take lots of damage from it before he can outrange it. His clone doesn't help him at all against any of Pantheon's abilities.   Plus, Wukong thrives on being able to Nimbus Strike in and use Crushing Blow for lots of damage. Because of Pantheon's passive, you can block Crushing Blow every time, leaving Wukong's harass to be ONLY Nimbus Strike. Nimbus Strike vs. Pantheon Stun+Spear+Heart Seeker Strike is a pretty one-sided trade.
1	Awesome work, I hate to sound like a douche but here it goes; do you think you could clear it up around the edges? I'm thinking about making a patch out of this :D   Also, I think that would make a good background design- Different champs in this style tiled to fill the page.
0	I'm not saying that real wages haven't fallen in the last decade.  This effect is especially important for people that fall below the poverty line.  However, median real income hasn't fallen as much as is popularly believed due to the way that these factoids are presented.  It's also worth noting that real energy prices are expected to drop over the next decade due to the influx of domestic (assuming you're from the US) petroleum products from increased use of fracking and the increasing efficiency and economic viability of alternative energy sources. Similarly, the net effect of conflicting economic factors is commonly believed to be much more negative than it actually is due to media reporting which trends towards negative headlines because they generate more clicks.  In the same way, the government is largely paralyzed by a similar devotion to narrative over actual facts.
0	When I think about it, I don't think I've ever had a teacher that I outright hated.   Pre-school  - can remember the place but don't remember the faces   K-8th grade (besides 5th and the first half of 6th grade which were also in the same type of school but in a different state) were my private Lutheran school years all in one, kind of small building where everyone knew each other. It was kind of weird because my classmates and I would stay in the same room as some other teachers would come in to teach us what they were assigned to do, and everyone of those teachers (or most) had a class they presided over)   Kindergarten  - One of my favorite teachers that was also oversaw me start making friendships with kids who I'd know for quite some time   1st Grade  - Pretty cool teacher that was known for teaching science and computers (got me into computers, typing, Microsoft, etc.)   2nd Grade  - One of my favs   3rd Grade  - Old teacher but was great   4th Grade  - One of the strictest teachers I've had and was also the mother of one of my classmates   5th Grade  - Had two. For the first few weeks or so, I was part of this class that had this old dude that was popular in school sports and church outings. For the rest of that grade, my mom and I moved over to California and I had this female teacher that was great.   6th Grade  - Same thing with 5th grade, but the duration was kind of a little longer for the first half. In Cali, was with a teacher that was popular in sports again. Back at the small Lutheran school, it was a female teacher that everyone couldn't take their eyes off of (huge jugs).   7th Grade  - Had a teacher that was famous for her love of music and was the choir director for 6th grade and up   8th Grade  - Pretty cool teacher who we always joked with because of his bald head. I think one time we brought in a Mr. Clean bottle with his face taped onto the bottle.   And now for high school and college that I'll just breeze through and kind of serve as a
1	As much as I want to see more Mount Targon I would rather see a city state with a lot of old champions gettings VU rather then focusing somewhere new straight away. Like having a Bandle City/Noxus/Demacia and bring a new champ out for them while also updating more of the older ones like Garen and Tristana would be time better spend imo.
0	Not being a quick guy it took me some time to learn that option 1 and option 2 are really one and the same thing.   Once that happened I could go through the five stages of grief (denial, anger, depression, bargaining and acceptance) and subsequently find an acceptable solution to my amorous problems.
1	I think Shyvana is fine, If anything her playstyle is making her weak (In this meta atleast) realistically speaking almost every in meta top laner can kite the mess out of her and be waaaay more impactful throughout the game (LuLu and Ryze) and if its not champions beating her through kiting in lane, Champions like Maokai and Mundo are much better in meta picks and provide more utility to a team comp, Maokai beacuse, well you know pressing R..... , and Mundo beacuase of his disengage and his pick off perma slow Q
0	I'm going to regale the thread with a story, because I feel it sums this up.   So, years ago I went to Edinburgh my then girlfriend. We'd had a full day, and standing at an intersection on the Royal Mile, we started talking about what to do for dinner. So, she said she didn't care where we went. So I think I suggested Italian first, and she said no. Then I suggested one or two other kinds of food, trying to cater to her tastes. She said no to both of those. Then I asked her where she'd want to eat and she said she didn't care, so I said we may as well eat at Burger King. She then complained that I always just pick Burger King and stormed off. I ended up walking around Edinburgh for a while, then going back to our hostel, picking up a pizza, and after eating some of it and basically hiding out downstairs for like half an hour, went up to the room with the leftover pizza. At which point she was totally fine with having pizza it seems, because she ate that. I will never understand what it was she wanted to eat, but that was exactly not the sort of thing I felt like dealing with in a foreign country.
1	Maybe it's because I only play with randoms, but I get extremely frustrated after a certain point in the game.  After the initial "laning" finishes, it seems that EVERY game, 2 or 3 of my teammates decide to afk farm in the jungle or in lanes, which makes it impossible to push towers or roam effectively, because half of the team is just farming.  This goes on for 30+ minutes.  During this time, the enemy team forces fights by pushing towers or roaming, gain a kill advantage, and then they kill everyone else who was farming.  Very frustrating.   Although this may only apply to me, another frustration I have with Dota after playing LoL is how useless range feels, because gap closers and movement speed buffs seem to be ridiculously strong compared to ranged units and their kiting ability.  Units in Dota have a "rotation" animation, which makes kiting more difficult, and even if you can do that properly, AM/QoP/ just TROLOLOLOL and blink ontop of you, removing any ability to put distance between yourself as a ranged hero from an enemy melee hero.  This also applies to heros with movement steroids (Bloodseeker/Spiritbreaker) are virtually unkiteable because they move so quickly.  Seeing as how my favorite heroes in DotA were Sniper, Drow, and  Viper, and my favorite role in LoL is playing AD Carry, I find LoL more enjoyable to play because gap closers and movement speed steroids in general are less powerful than their DotA counterparts.
1	Imo CLG's individual performance, laning and strategy are the least problematic. Their teamfighting, however, has been severely lacking for the whole season and they failed to address that.   It boggles my mind that they had enough team synergy and shot-calling to pull off fantastic rotations and objective control but somehow failed to use this team synergy to win teamfights.   And the worst thing is that it felt that even the players themselves realized that, so they played with even more pressure trying to end the game before teamfights could happen...
1	Zilean was on skype with me and doing exactly what he should have been doing, though he was doing it a bit early.  When I asked him why he did it so early it was because of my dash; he had no idea if I'd be in range when I needed it.   Intelligent players will see a Zilean ult know they have to make a decision: Focus this target down and have them come back with more health than they had, or let them pound on you for 7 seconds.  Either way, a Zilean ult on a character that gets focused (like Akali) gives them a lot more freedom to deal damage in situations where they normally wouldn't.  Akali's role in a team fight is to assassinate the carry and low HP targets.  In order to fufill that role she does massive burst damage, but to counter that she's squishy as all fuck.  A Zilean ult means she has 7 seconds to burst down ANYONE, which is long enough to turn any team fight in her favor.
1	If u want to play well with any autoattacker u need to learn to move inbetween attacks. this not only allows to kite, but also is beneficial for other reasons (for example repositioning, chasing).  Same goes for melee champs, not only ranged.  Another benefit is that u can avoid some of the skillshots this way, not being such an easy target. Always be on the move!
1	Look. As a main jungler I am also hurt by the oracle nerf to 5 minutes long, but tbh, oracle was too risky. You'd spend 400g on an item which you'll lose upon death. Sure you can clear wards and apply pressure to lanes. But here is the catch: Riot wanted to make the lanepressure from junglers less big. Thats why they changed the jungle and nerfed oracle. I would love its niche in the earlygame.  They made it so Oracle is now picked up when you want to pressure the map. Sure it's expensive and Pinks might be better in some occasions. But if you want to go for a typical ward-war, a oracle is still better since you can choose what part of the map is being pressured.  I like the idea of an extension of the oracle's elixer but it should not be as much that it will re-earn its niche earlygame.
1	I can see where the idea that coaches should be more like football managers comes from, but saying "coaches should be coaches" makes it seem as if Monte wasn't a coach.  Honestly, Monte was a good coach (based on what the CLG people have said) in the sense that he provided valuable information and analysis of in game situations.  It's not his fault as far as the coaching role that his players all seem to act as if they're 10 and refuse to listen to him.  If you want to say something like the role of coaching should encompass not only in game analysis, but also mansitting and adult raising, then yeah that's fine, and that's honestly what a lot of players need and what many korean coaches do.
0	UA Resident Here - Zollinger, Tremont, Fishinger, and N. West Blvd are all LOADED with Cops sitting around waiting for someone to even fall out of place the slightest bit. If your driving through UA, I highly suggest you take Lane Road. Not only is it the quickest way through UA but its the safest. UA cops only sit at the Speedway on the corner of Lane, and N. Star for coffee... other than that its clean.   As for that zombiekodi story - UA cops have heard every single type of story when it comes to being caught with pot... they just deal with it and move on. they might get annoyed hearing the same lie over and over again but they just have to accept kids will continue to lie to them over and over again.
0	Wow I gotta share this story. After this exact situation happened, I was a little bit offended. One, because the new boyfriend was close to 5'5'', uglier, never went out with her, and tried to tell her what she could and could not do. Well anyways my FB ends up getting evicted from her apartment because she can't pay rent. I let her crash at my place (no funny business) and even invite new boyfriend over for dinner and such.  He does not oblige us with his presence.   So FB breaks up with him when she starts sleeping with my then soon-to-be-married roommate. I find out, all hell breaks loose, and the
1	No, this is because there has been a massive boost in members on LoL. Riot did already know that the servers as they are now can not host to that many users as is needed and they bought more servers to be added to the the existing. The new servers are in frankfurt and the main reason for them not to add the servers ( I saw in a red post that they will do it in the off-season(in a topic about why we the Europeans had to use US servers in ranked games)) is that it would take about 1.5 - 2 days to add theese servers and check everything before they could open the servers. Here I am left with a feeling that theese 4 days could have been avoided if they THREE months ago would have added those FUCKING servers that they have. I can only have disrespect when talking about Riot because they should have known that more users were inevitable when DreamHack is the largest Lan in the world and people watch it. Riot does also have employees from Europe who are well aware that school is almost over - or over for most people here in Europe. ( for their main target - the 15- 20 year olds). So Riot are fucktards when it comes to this because this shitstorm could have been avoided three fucking months ago, now they have to listen to this shit till they have those 1.5 - 2 days downtime.
1	This is going to get buried, but this is my standard copy/pasted counterpoint: (ed: ok so it didn't get buried. XD)   For background, I'm not even ranked; this is completely from a mathematical standpoint. I also play chess at a ~1900 level, and chess uses a similar rating system to LoL as you probably know.   I believe that people's skills are more variable at lower levels. Someone ranked ~2100 might have a good day and play at a 2200 skill, or have a bad day and play at a ~2000 skill. However, someone rated ~800 might have a good day and have a skill of around 1200, and decide to drunkLoL one day and end up feeding. In other words, variation increases as the rating decreases.   I'd define ELO hell, then, as the area where the variation is so great that the law of large numbers requires an extremely high number of games in order to increase your rating. You might have a skill level 200 points higher than your actual rating, but it would take a lot of games to increase your rating. This is because the variation in peoples' skills is too great. In higher-level games, everyone will play at a level close to their true ELO. In lower-level games, you will have a few people who are having a great day, and play at 400 points over their level, and you will have a few people who play at 400 points below their level because they're extremely tired. Therefore, the fact that you're 200 points over the median skill level in the game won't really matter.   If you don't believe me, create a smurf and go play custom games. These people are REALLY bad; you should be able to beat them easily. However, the fact is that you will only win around 55-60% if your games because of the absurd variation in skill; if you won only 55-60% of your games in ranked, and you don't play hundreds of games, your rating would take FOREVER to increase.   On the other hand, if your skill level is 200 points higher than your ELO in a high-level game, then your ELO will quickly increase to that level because 200 points is a lot higher than the variation in skill for everybody else.   NB: I don't consider myself to be good and I don't consider myself to be in ELO hell for normals (is there even such a thing? Plus I never play when I'm not playing with 4 other friends) because I have done premades with good (~1800 ranked) people, and gotten demolished with my best champion. Therefore, I know that I am bad at this game and I hope to improve. However, I just want to point out that ELO hell makes sense from a mathematical standpoint.
0	I got my dents from getting hit and then pocketing the cash rather than repairing my truck because I'm broke. I have 0 at fault accidents, but my truck would be the outlier in this situation.
1	You aren't showing you have actual knowledge of the match up   Assuming both ADs are the same to keep that as a control: Leona can't do anything level 1. This basically means Sona is going to hit level 2 first so there's not really a chance for Sona to get all inned. Even if somehow she gets engaged on level 2 she shouldn't die as long as she takes tank runes + start ruby crystal.  sources (4 if you count your passive) vs 3 (Q, Q auto, power chord)   From there on (until level 6) it's a matter of having W Power Chord primed to mitigate damage and sustain. The biggest advantage Leona has at level 6 is that her ulti cooldown is 90 seconds vs Sona's which is 140s, almost a full minute.
1	I had the same problem but in solo queue ranked. I was bot graves with a soraka (supposed) support that was stealing farm and using her Aoe thingy (to tired to remember the name of the spell) and stealing all my creeps then starts complaining im a horrible AD carry.
0	You can always say it was inappropriate and keep your girlfriend as a result. Also she will feel kinda guilty and try to make it up to you later on..
0	Actually, blacks and whites commit crimes pretty much equally, blacks are just profiled/targeted more often, leading to a larger ratio of blacks in the prison system than whites. I think domestic violence is wrong, both ways (man on woman, or woman on man.) And although some victims of rape are in the prison system, it is also men in the prison system who perpetrate the rape. Female on male rape is recognized in statistics, although, it's under-reported and men are less likely to report it or take it to court. Women are also much less likely to get harsh sentences if/when they are convicted.   I believe child abuse might occur more with women because women are the primary care takers of children in America usually... If men were the primary care-takers of children, those statistics would probably swing the opposite.
1	Well you'll see that as soon as the tower push is over (due to recalls) team's tend to prepare for drag. Drag's value usually hasn't gone up appreciably from the start either.   So the reasoning behind the 4v0, i feel, is more due to a  need  to invade to come out even with the other team. Then what  used to happen is top would go top (from blue side perspective) to try to soak as much exp as possible while his tower got raped. Teams then realized, why not bring him bot for more push potential? And then the 4v0 was born from the 3v1. The 3v1 came from teams realizing the power of sending jungle to help the duo lane in a 2v1 lane swap. And the 2v1 was born of reduction in drag value. I do think youre right though that they should address the risk-reward of drag control and tower pushing.
1	All of my yes. In fact, I'm leaning towards posting about the botting problem, because it's out of control. "But I never run into bots-" Shut up. Then you must be missing out on arguably the most fun game mode: Dominion. The queue has to be filled with THOUSANDS of these freaking XP bots. They are idiotic, predictable... If they were in the SR queue Riot would be dropping nukes on these botters, but no. Despite multiple posts HERE about it nobody cares about Dominion.
1	One great idea, i heard GuardsmanBob saying that one way to rework the honor system would be like this: If you do the First Blood in a match or something like whenever you kill someone with your ult, a global taunt should be played by that champion (Example, Cho'Gath kills Teemo with his ult, all players should hear an "NomNomNomNom!!!").   And for this to be played you should have an amount of honor points (that decrease after is used, and if you want more of this to be played you have to receive more honor points and so on, something like a form of currency 10 honor points for one global taunt).I don't really know the details, but i think its a great idea.   All credits to GuardsmanBob.
0	I decided it was way too much work to my drunk mind through, can I get a
1	As I told you, I mainly play him as an AP bruiser now, so I start with a bit of AP and magic penetration, and I find the damage/slow dealt by his E pretty good (probably not top-tier though).   Usually whenever I'm ganking with him, I'll let my MS buff charge for 1 sec before actually popping onto the lane. The main issue is, as you said: a good marksman will AA you so your shield goes off, but usually it's already too late and you're in range to land your E (which is honestly not hard to land). The slow is actually pretty good, and while pre-6 skarner's ganks are not really powerful, I often make the enemies burn a flash or 2, because the damage from his E/Q is rather good.
1	many things...     first things first, if you can't play every position with a few solid champions, don't play ranked. get good with strong champs first in all positions.     top: rumble, kennen, yorick, irelia, lee sin, udyr, gp, vlad. all great tops.   mid: cass, ahri, xerath <- they all take time to learn, or alternatively, you can play ryze or sion or morg.   jungle: lee, rammus, udyr, skarn   AD carry: graves, sivir, cait (for early game dominance), trist/vayne (late game carries)   support: ali, sona, janna, taric, sor (if you need explanations for each, just ask)       secondly, if you believe your ranked abilities are better than others, then play a solo lane. easiest way to carry yourself out of "elo hell". i specifically recommend playing mid/top/jungle, in that order.     if you play mid, you can dominate mid, push the lane, and gank top and bot, easing pressure on all lanes. it is the most influential position (at least in low elo where i'm rising.)   if you play top, you can win your lane hard and pressure the jungler and mid to help top. if you just ward up you will kill more often than die. by relieving pressure on other lanes, you automatically add value to your team.   if you play jungle, you can help the lanes that are having trouble, and if you're a great jungle, you will keep timers on all the buffs, counter jungle occasionally, and ward up a storm. as much as you can do right, if all the other lanes fail, you will more often than not still lose. this is because you have less gold to carry the game with, your job is simply to disrupt and prevent shit.       third, you need to study up on how to counter ppl. riven is super strong early and singed is weak until catalyst. simply by that virtue alone, if you were of equal skill, you would lose that lane. know your match ups, and try to counter them as best you can.       i could go on about game etiquette and how to go after objectives, but that would take a million more words.
0	I remember this one night when I was in 8th grade... Ok, so here is some background on me. I used to sneak out in the middle of the night to go hang out with friends and get high and stuff. This one night, we were out and about, and we saw this guy just laying on the side of the road... we assumed he was drunk. Anyway, what are a bunch of little shit heads to do when a man is passed out on the side of the road? We pissed all over him... I feel guilty about that. So maybe this law is what is stopping people from getting pissed on all the time.
1	What you need to understand is not that your lucky that your in a position. Its that this is a behavior in all scenes. In all major sports when someone fucks up they get lite up... Sure they don't care because of the money they make, but to the fans that has nothing to do with the amount of money someone makes. If you fuck up in a game of course your going to be made fun on...... That what happens when you say i'm not your average gamer.... i'm a pro if you don't like it then quit.   To the point of you interacting with us and we should be grateful....... I hate to use this analogy but i hope it makes sense. E-sport is like a farm and your the cow... Sure your milk bring us joy we get something out of you. but don't get it twisted if you act up or your milk goes sore you better believe i'm bringing in a new cow to replace you.. You guys are nothing special in terms of being un-replaceable.   And David Beckham and most big sports athletes don't do the same thing as you guys for 2 main reason. One is that they don't have to their scene is developed enough that they can go on with their day without putting in effort. And two is that they are not "personalities"  outside of work they are just athletes you guys on the other hand have to be both to bring in better and more opportunities
1	Oh baby, even Chauster has something to say.   Edit:   >
1	I'm after reading link's book Can some
0	It's hard not to get defensive. If I were sitting home, doing absolutely nothing constructive I would understand the comment and do more. At the moment, I know my husband wants a cleaner house. I do too. At the moment, I had a almost 14 month old daughter, I in a high risk pregnancy (18 weeks tomorrow), and walking with a cane, because due to the pregnancy hormones, my back will not stay in place (I have fallen three or four times because of it, luckily on my big butt). I am exhausted, I have some kind of stomach bug, and I am struggling to get through each day. He helps out a lot. The plan was always for me to stay home with our kids, it's what we both want. I do love it, please don't get me wrong, I am just very, very achy and pregnant and no amount of sleep seems to cover the exhaustion.   I am trying to step it up. If I weren't pregnant, I'd be willing to push it more, but when I am light headed and in pain, I have to sit down or I start getting cramps. I have to be very careful when I hit my limit because if something happens to me I still have to get up tomorrow and do it all over again. So if it isn't on fire, or crying, or meowing, it has to wait. I am dying to clean my home more, but aside from getting the dishes done and putting away some toys and laundry (well, it's washed, but in baskets in the closet).   I know he is doing so much and I hate that I physically can't do more than I am. We are comfortable financially, but I would love to be able to spend a few hour at night when the baby is asleep doing something to bring in a little cash (I refuse to get involve with the pyramid schemes other friends have done because it's a lot of work and you spend more than you make every damn time).   If I saw this I would be incredibly hurt because I already want to be doing more. It would reinforce all my insecurities, and while I am usually pretty rational, being hormonal and tired means I would end up sobbing and feeling like a worthless piece of shit. I would overdo it trying to get stuff done and it would end badly.
0	the metaphor you use may apply to both   That was me acknowledging the parallel. This conversation is becoming a bit of a farce. We're arguing semantics at this point. Allow me to further elucidate my stance. I think you'll agree that we're all making similar, mutually-non-exclusive points, but are unable to see that as a result of the fact that we're [that includes me] nitpicking over fine details rather than stepping back to see the big picture.   The buyer is a douchebag. The seller could have prevented aforementioned douchebag (scumbag) behavior, by doing his due diligence. Therefore, the scenario at hand was enabled by the seller's negligence. Even if said douchebaggery had not occurred, YES, the buyer would still be a douchebag.
1	In my opinion it is pretty darn disgusting to beg for the compensation. When I read the post I can understand there might be some miscommunication as to the fact that there 'will' be a compensation but on the other hand it is pretty clear that they are considering it..   Servers haven't been consistent.. So they gave NA and some Asian server compensation, but keep begging for compensation because another one got it is just childish. It just shows how young and adolescent this community is.   Just look at EA Sports and their servers @ FIFA, they have never been consistant and NOBODY got a compensation, EVER. The amount of times people disconnect in the middle of games is just infinite. You don't hear people cry about getting extra packs or gold on the forums. Why can't we be like that? Not whining THAT much and not saying GG RIOT THAT much.   Can't we just deal with it for a short period of time? The game has grown so rapid it is hard to keep up. The servers suck, it is hard I know I am also an EUW player. But come on the compensation threads are really giving me a headache.
0	I'm 18 and built my first PC this year. It powered on absolutely fine but I could not for the life of me get the monitor to work, I tried for hours to try and troubleshoot but could not get it to recognize the signal input from the PC. I ended up ordering 2 new cables and after they got here a week later and it still didn't work I was on the verge of tears until I opened it up and realized that somehow the video card had somehow slipped out a little and was not pushed in all the way to the motherboard, FML moment if I've ever had one, how I didn't check that before jumping to the conclusion that the cables were bad is anybody's guess.
1	Do people understand how electricity functions? Because if they knew, they wouldn't be sucking Riot's dick so much on this issue.   For those who don't know:  You cannot improve ping without decreasing distance.  Yes, electrons are activated in a wire at the speed of light, but the speed as to which the electrons travel is constricted by wire width, material and temperature. Like, this is fucking  high school physics.  Or college physics, take your pick.
0	Genetics are in everyone's favor.  Especially if one believes that there is no free will, but let's not dwell on that here.   Historically, being fat was a genetic advantage.  Would a woman prefer a skinny non-provider or a fat provider?   Everyone is different and not completely programmed by genetics (mutations or other reasons.)   Nowadays, most women prefer a fit person.   That said, we all have genes mostly inherited, and our ancestors of course had children-- probably a lot of children due to war, famine and disease-- and we all survived those trials, genetically speaking.   EDIT: Added a missing apostrophe.
1	This actually kind of happened to me today. We had a hecarim jungle that actually carried our team through early and mid game. Seeing how as our tank jungler was carrying us, we lost every lane (despite getting at least one kill every time he ganked). Anyways, I was playing support (solo queue) with ez adc. We were lanning against a varus/taric. I think we ended the lane around 7-4 in their favor (so I guess 4-7). Hec ganked twice and left us alone the rest of lanning because our top lane was getting killed, literally. It was a jax (our team) against a Garen so naturally Garen has the upper hand. Had Hec not left my lane alone Garen would have snowballed so far out of control that we may have actually lost the game. (if you couldn't tell, we won the game). I'm willing to put money on it that had Hec not helped shut down Garen the game would have gone in a completely different direction.
0	I had dial up until 2007. Yeah. I mean the new broadband was like 0.5mb and whenever there was a breeze strong enough to make a daisy shift it would crash,  but at least we could load a YouTube video without having to leave it sit for hours. Anyway, now I have fibre and my life's finally getting on track. My videos are loading, mp3s are downloading and I think my PC is starting to love me again.
1	Not only jax. Just think about it. Lissandra, Jayce, Kennen, all these powerful ranged bruisers with good escapes. Now consider all the melee bruisers. They don't stand a chance. The highlight shown in this post, about the 2v1 lanes, is about how two champions (with one ranged) can just entirely shut down any melee bruiser in lane.   Honestly, you can't pick melee anymore without the enemy picking melee first. Even in that scenario, you'd probably pick ranged anyway just to shut them out.
1	Nope, because Riot coding that will probably break the game. Dota 1 and 2 have had this -wtf mode for years where you can spam skills just like URF mode but with 100% cooldown. Dota 2 has -cheats in custom games where you can level yourself up to lvl 25 immediately, give yourself 10000 gold and everything else you can think of to practice.
1	While you do have some very good points, your approach seems overly complicated. Having a multitude of enchantments -- with each being upgradable -- appears to be unnecessary when we could just have like three different versions of Hunter's Machete. This becomes especially apparent when you think about the fact that Hunter's Machete is really only relevant before your first back, since then you can buy enough different items fitting your playstyle.   I mean, don't get me wrong here, I hate having to buy Hunter's Machete on Zac and I'm not trying to bash you or anything, but as you pointed out there are "five main different type of junglers. Tank, AP, Bruiser, Assassin and Carry."     Bruisers, Carries, and AD Assassins already work pretty well with the regular Machete.   AP Junglers need a Machete equivalent granting a mix of things like AP, CDR, or mana/5.   Tank Junglers need a Machete equivalent that grants tanky stats and helps their clear.     Which leaves us at three different items, one of which is Hunter's Machete. We would only need to introduce an additional two items to make all Junglers happy.
1	Hi Stonewall.   Could you please list somewhere in the article the several champions you consider to be the best ones for the current meta?   I know it is in the youtube clip, but it would be a nice "
0	Take it from a guy who's mom and stepdad would routinely have lobster and other fancy meals while us kids got store-brand mac-and-cheese (Kraft was "too expensive"), this shit hurts. I don't give a fuck who's making the dinner. I would have made it myself! Was I a bratty teen-ager? I'd like to think that I was just hurt by the fact that some jerk she met two years prior (and who beat her, no less) got better food then her own children on a regular basis.   What does this have to do with the OP? Stop assuming that the kid described is acting entitled. Maybe he's sick of chicken nuggets after having had them for nights on end while his mother buys her expensive cookies every day. Maybe he could have gotten pizza pockets if his mom got the Keeblers that day. Maybe he feels like he's burdening his parents because of all this, and his friend is submitting this so that he can show him the comments and through them how his mother's behavior isn't right.   Life as a kid isn't all fun and games. I would never return, not even if I could somehow game it to my advantage. Having to rely on someone I didn't quite trust for everything was a nightmare! God, and especially so when other adults used to bitch me out for being ungrateful. I didn't even know what I was supposed to be grateful  for ! The lectures and endless ridicule? The constant punishment for thoughts I never articulated (including my all-time favorite "you think you know more then me, don't you. Well fine, you're grounded")? The knowledge that my siblings would take the heat if I wasn't there to soak it up for them? How is asking for  Kraft  when they got  lobster  and  prime rib  being spoiled? How retarded was my angst and depression? At least now when I buy crappy food I don't have to deal with people telling me how awful I am because I'd prefer to be eating stuff that tasted better.   All that said, you're right. Maybe I should have just been grateful that she was the one cooking the mac-and-cheese that night, despite the smell of seafood from down the hall... aha, yeah, right. Rest assured that I've forgiven my mother... but I'll be damned if I ever forget. Remember this if you're a parent. I mean, at least don't let your kids know about how you're enjoying your food while they aren't.
0	Growing up in a religious household with parents who express high expectation for their children, it was very hard for me to admit to them about my drug abuse problem. I was afraid they would react very negatively against me. My mom didn't understand, but she helped me get back to normal. My dad actually had the same issue when he was a kid.
1	A friendly reminder from ADC players:   YOU GET YOUR STACKS AS LONG AS YOU HIT THEM ALL. YOU MISS EVEN A SINGLE ONE AND I'M INSTA CLEARING THAT WAVE FASTER THAN SAMUEL L JACKSON CAN SHOVE HIS ARM UP YOUR A*  AND WORK YOUR MOUTH LIKE A PUPPET TO ASK WHY THE F CK I'M NOT LETTING YOU USE YOUR RELIC STACKS.
0	My concern is not necessarily with the restriction of porn (I'm too prudish to give a fuck about porn and wouldn't notice whether it was banned or not), but I do disagree with the limiting of access for a number of reasons.   Firstly, the concern is for 'parental control'- to give parents a 'piece of mind'. This, in my opinion, is bullshit. Children now grow up in technologically advancing and progressive society, it's highly likely that from an early age they will be more knowledgeable than the average adult. Do you not think that (similar to ANY prohibition EVER) that they will find ways around it? I.e. Utorrent.   My second GREAT concern is the potential for parental complacency. By insinuating that 'turning on the porn block' is actually going to stop access to porn is simply ignorant, yet some parents (who are at a level of computer literacy whereby they don't know how to switch on the child safety internet features already, apparently, thus creating a perceived requirement for this porn block) may rely on the block and simply believe this will 'protect' their child. Aside from my prior point (children will undoubtedly find a way) this is a HUGE risk- what about the alternative risks for children browsing the web? The disturbing images non-porn related, the risk of groomers posing as other children, the music with abusive messages/ lyrics? If parents are misguided, which is the impression I'm getting from the government, into believing this initiative will 'protect' their children, they may make no further attempts to ensure this is the case. Bad times.   Would it not be more wise to educate?  Educate children PROPERLY on sex education, rather than it being a taboo or naughty subject, embrace and teach and be open to questions, to answer inquisitive minds more honestly? It would certainly help with our countries increasing teenage pregnancy rates, and may take some of the appeal of porn away (maybe- not an expert but one would assume if they don't see it as naughty they might give less of a fuck until they get to an age where it's more healthy to be investigating sexual subjects?)   Educate parents. Teach THEM how to protect their own children- move computers into communal rooms, so you can see what they're doing. Don't allow portable devices whereby they will be able to access things you don't want them to. Do you genuinely think it's responsible parenting to buy an 8 year old an i-phone? If you do, make sure it's secured and protected effectively.   As an aside, filters generally can mess up- often intentionally. Developers/ distributors would surely figure out pretty damned fast a way certain phrases could still be searched for. And what about the innocent bystanders? Penisland.com would lose all business. Filtering is proven to have limited success rate- has no-one bothered to think this through?!   I don't know what Mr. Cameron's true motivators were for putting this notion forward, but I can't fathom there isn't a hidden agenda in there [way to go, double negative use], as surely someone with so much power, such education and access to his advisors couldn't seriously have thought for one minute this was a well thought-out scheme.  If he's prepping for the next GE and this was his attempt at going for the parental vote, I think he maybe should have given more thought to the segments that would oppose this ludicrous suggestion.   The news today is saying it's been revoked anyway. So moot.
1	Everyone, this is only in the PHILIPPINES. LOLPH basically told every Globe subscriber to switch to PLDT. The issue is caused mainly by GLOBE's refusal to upgrade their bandwidth to PLDT's data centers which host LOLPH. This is also an issue caused by PLDT's refusal to let anyone connect to their infrastructure, and also inadvertently caused bottlenecking across the entire SEA region. Pings to Singapore are worse than pings to NA, which is located on the opposite side of the planet. Given how much greedy PLDT can be, you can bet they'll charge Globe an arm and a leg for larger bandwidth to their data centers.   Long login queues have nothing to do with ISPs however. It's usually 5-15 mins, not 10-60 mins.
1	You yourself said that it basically only matters if you hit your E, if you miss the E a Q + WW doesn't ever get a kill because you won't be able to land the 2nd Q.   If you're ganking and you miss e thats a bad mistake and you probably won't get a second shot with a 15% slow, not to mention that the slow must be procced by a spell, if you're in spell range then most bot lane supports should be with you and they should CC, and theres only a few top laners that have zero CC to help you out with. Overall I think if you want a 15% slow that just barely puts them into range for another Q, go with a redbuff.   I'm not arguing ryalis is bad on her, just that it is bad as a first item. Also if you don't have that much damage and you get a slow after missing an E, its a bad mod to the Q which at best means you will get a 2nd Q off with a slow on the first Q. (Assuming you missed E) so... really without damage unless the Q is doing half their hp in damage, Ryalis won't set up a bot lane kill. And if you say "what if the support has a CC" then the support probably would lead a bot lane gank with that CC so you could combo your E.
1	I like this idea mostly because when I go 10-2-2 and the Ap carry bitches "I did all the work you just ks'd whole game" I can say "graph. See my bar and how it's much bigger than yours in damage dealt to champions?". I'm tired of a solo lane bitching that my damage was "mostly minion damage" when he's in a  solo  lane he should have equal farm and actually more because mid takes wraiths and has a shorter lane.
0	This is one of the things that changed me from an asshole to a tolerable person in high school. The thing that got me to start realizing I'm not always right was the wise words of my mother: "You don't know everything. Nobody can. So when you state something as fact, and you end up being wrong (which you inevitably will), you'll look like a fool. Instead, try qualifying your statements. Saying things like 'I believe,' or 'Correct me if I'm wrong,' can make a world of difference."
0	Nothing wrong with having one every now and then. :D Self control is key. I found my weight loss is going better than ever because I'm not running away from food, just being smart about portions and when I eat things.
0	You know when you're watching a movie or TV show and you cringe because you know the character is about to do something stupid? That's why we're butthurt. I've been there... with my next-door neighbor's best friend. At the time I was thinking "hot chick, convenient sex, no feelings." Admittedly I was pretty drunk when it all started, but it was pretty good for the first week or two. She'd come over to hang with my neighbors and then slip over to my house later.   Then we started meeting up for dinner before going to the bars... which led to her and me going out for brunch the next morning. Then she'd just come over to watch Doctor Who and cuddle. Though we had originally agreed to maintain a "just fuck buddies" relationship, we had strayed far from the fucking contract.   Eventually she broke it off -- I got pissed one night because she was texting another dude while we were cuddling. And then it struck me: feelings.   Now every time she's over next door, it's weird -- and when she gets drunk, she keeps needing to have a talk with me to apologize "for my feelings." It's been months, and I've physically moved on, but it's a real mind fuck that she's always around.   Long story short: don't engage in sexual contracts with people substantially younger and emotionally immature (she was 21, I'm 28). If fuck buddies were actually a healthy behavior, we'd be fucking all of the friends who are mutually attracted to us.
0	I saw some versions of this in the comments, but it comes down to psychology and cost/benefit analysis.   The psychology of it, in Reddit terms, is a plea for mercy as the person posting has seen the savagery of Redditors when it comes to shitty posts; they hope theirs is not shitty and therefore ask for a modicum of forgiveness if is is kinda shitty.   If they're observant, it can be a calculated cost/benefit in that they know their post is not too shitty, understand that "first post"  will  offer them a modicum of forgiveness and some subsidiary pity upvotes, and use the phraseology purposefully despite that the very wording will earn some automatic downvotes.
1	Honestly, I think the utility is what needs to go.  I think ward jumping, and insecs by derivative, started out as an accident.  (Sure we'll let them jump to wards, it's not like it's gonna happen that often)  And then it just snowballed to the point where sightstone is considered a must buy on lee.  (Notably, it is not on Riot's suggested item set for Lee)  And I mean, I get why they left it in.  It was exciting. The playz!  The mechanix! So good, much awesome.   But it got old, didn't it?
0	He may have implemented severely ineffectual abstinence programs in Africa, thereby giving money to people who shared his normative opinions on what sort of "sex ed" should be given   People always point this out, and I always feel like saying  so what ? His program  did  save lives, are pretty universally considered to be very successful and your dragging in the US sex-education debate doesn't change any of that. I understand the argument that he might have saved more lives if condoms had been stressed more than abstinence--I do. But are you aware of the religious climate of sub-Saharan Africa? Are you aware of the infrastructure problems in the region? Framing this in the context of the US sex ed debate is overblown and, frankly, Americentric. I seriously doubt the African people (with whom Bush was consistently popular throughout his presidency) care much whether his policies were progressive enough for your tastes.
0	I used to work in the hunting and fishing department at a sporting goods store, and more often than not, I worked behind the counter selling guns. I can't tell you how many times some one would walk up to me behind the gun counter, see me wearing a uniform and nametag with the store name on them both, and ask me if I worked there.
0	If white people weren't telling black people for decades that other white people were the cause of all their problems it wouldn't be this way
1	This is a guess:   You keep your MMR. You play ONE placement game that has a decent effect on your MMR. After that game, you are placed in a division.   This is a fact:   EUW has a much larger population than EUNE. Since the rating system is based on percentiles among other things, the same MMR (or Elo in Season 2) on EUNE and EUW does not translate to the same division/league. For example, looking at season 2 Elo ratings, you find that 1450 Elo was the start of Gold League in EUNE while it was 1500 Elo on EUW.
1	Fun Fact. The slow Kayle gets from frozen mallet is different depending on whether she has her E activated or not. If she is using her melee attack, then she gets the greater slow that melee champs get from Frozen mallet. If she is using her ranged attack then Frozen mallet will slow for less.   Kayle's E also applies a slow if you have rylai's (because it does magic dmg). Although it applies the lesser slow % because it is an aoe skill.   I could be wrong but I believe the aoe rylai slow, and the frozen mallet ranged slow are the same slow % (15% I think, could be wrong).
0	Its not the biggest shopping day of the year. That would be Black Friday which, as you nay notice by the name, isn't Thanksgiving.   As for you working holidays, you knew this would be the case when you took the job. This year marks a departure from historical trends in the retail industry.   Finally, people need medical services every day. No one needs a TV  on  Thanksgiving.
1	TBH can't tell if sarcasm or not, but I will still answer this.   The thing is IMO you should only cs when you are going to cap a turret alone to cap it faster. Otherwise it is too time consuming because being at the turret 10secs faster can really make a difference in winning or losing the game.   Also capping the turret before all enemies spawn again is really a must. I see so many people pushing cs while they couldve gotten the turret for 'free' and by the time they and the cs arrive at the turret the enemy is already back.   You get enough gold for capping turrets, kills and assists.
0	I didn't call him a coward and scumbag because he disagreed with her.   I called him a scumbag because that's the term he used for her - when  she  didn't give up the seat -  just like him.   I called him a coward because he bitched about her anonymously, behind her back on reddit, rather than to her face.
0	As someone who is a former alcoholic and who is coming up on one year of being completely alcohol free I can say with honesty that op has no clue what they are talking about. It's not as bad now but I went through withdrawals same as any other addict there are still days where the want/need for a drink are so strong that I can hardly function. I can still recall perfectly the feeling of being drunk and some days I want that feeling so badly it hurts. But I have a great support system and have already lost too much to alcohol. Believe me, when they say it's a disease they mean it and I can vouch for it. So just because you don't have a family history or predisposition to alcoholism doesn't mean you need to bash and/or belittle it because there are countless people out there struggling with it daily. Edit just to share a bit of my own experience with alcoholism. I'm 25 I didn't even start drinking until I was 21 and I was never any more than a social drinker despite alcoholism running in my family. Had a great job was a manager for one of the local auto parts stores, was working on getting my own place and so on and so forth.  Well fast forward about 2 years met a girl, had a great relationship with her. She was THE one. She had drug abuse issues. Ended up killing herself, going on 2 years ago. I was devastated. Two weeks after that, my grandfather dies suddenly from a battle with colon cancer. The depression was too much and I had to have some sort of escape. Now before these events I had only ever gotten drunk maybe once or twice, usually only ever drank to relax. Not anymore. I would drink 2 beers on the way to work. I would drink 2 beers on my lunch break. If I had deliveries I had to make I'd stop by the liquor store in the corporate delivery vehicle and grab one or two small bottles of Jack Daniels and drink one on the way to the delivery and drink the other on the way back. When I got off of work? Usually a 12 pack. I would then come home. Pass out. And wake up still drunk. What would I do? Drink a beer to take the edge off where I could function. Eventually I would drink all hours of the day and night just to be able to function properly at all. I ended up quitting my job instead of being fired for what I knew was inevitable. Could I have quit drinking? I could have. Did I? No. I HAD to drink. One month after quitting my job I got a DUI. Spent the night in jail. When they finally got to my case in December 2012 I was given $1051.00 in fines for DUI my license was revoked for a year and I was put on probation. Was that enough to get me to stop drinking? You guessed it. Nope. In December 31, 2012 I got my second DUI. Was put into jail for a week for violating the terms of my probation. That was the worst. The first week going without alcohol was hard and enlightening it was scary going through the withdrawal process but being in jail gave me time to actually think clearly for the first time in over a year. Long short guys now I have 3 extra years of probation and won't be drinking during any of that time but I've got a new 40 hour a week job and life is getting better again. I've not had a drink since that arrest on New Year's Eve but I can assure the OP and anyone else who doubts it that alcoholism is a disease just like any other addiction.
0	No I have no problem with it at all it just seems that a lot of homosexual people tend to use there sexuality to define themselves instead of who they are maybe its just the people I've been around. And if it were straight people doing this I would also be annoyed. I don't think they should just make a gay superhero just so there is a gay superhero. I mean any superhero movie or even normal stories where it would be focused on the sexuality of the protagonist would be absolutely horrible. Yes the love interest is in all superhero movies etc. But its not the main point of the story.
0	I made the same mistake.   Around the time the first one came out on DVD, I made the mistake of buying it. So I decided to watch it over one of my various breaks alone at around 1 am in bed on my Xbox with my turtle beach headset. So all the noises jump scares were amplified. Once it ended I had to piss so bad, mind you it's like 3 in the am, so I walk into the hallway. I have to pass my parents room to use the bathroom, and there door was open and my father was sitting on the edge of the bed staring into the hallway not saying a word. I scampered into the bathroom, quickly peed and ran back to bed. Neither of us spoke of it and I nearly pissed myself that night.
1	League of Legends is balanced around the laning phase, if you dont like it, play Dominion or play the jungle role, these kinds of maps is a fun idea but it's never gonna happen because it just wont be balancsy single champion around this map with every patch.
1	Honestly, I dislike Athene in this community though as you said he's a great assets to gamers because of his charity. But what people don't get is that if he gets shunned from League of Legends, he'll probably just move on to a different game.   If we could get him to move to a single player game that would be absolutely fantastic. His current problem is that he's a pain in the ass and ruins the game for whoever he's with. In a single player game he wouldn't be able to ruin anyone's experience except the person he's playing against, and as it would net them a win they won't mind as much and his stream fans would still enjoy all his little quirks and things
1	Love how people use one game instance "I went 10-0 and I still lose wtf" if you go 10-0 consistently you will rise in elo guaranteed. As for people being bad on NA please was a lame statement every server has bad players had some really bad players on EU-W servers but you don't see me calling people on euro servers bad ... if you play well on a consistent basis you will gain elo if you have good games and bad games going to take you longer to rise but be honest with yourself you always here people say "I win my lane EVERY game, have the most cs in the game, always ward and call dragons/barons; yet we still lose and I'm stuck with all these morons in this elo." Well if that's the case eventually you'll raise in elo, yet too often we tend to remember the good games we do well in and still lose no one ever mentions the time we go 0-3 having a bad day or just get counter picked hard, even those 0-1 games where we didn't have as much impact on the game as we wanted.
1	In the playoffs, who beat whom in the Vulcan VS TSM matchup? TSM, TSM was by all means the 2nd best team in NA last year. The new midlaner was basically a super addition because it adds variety in comps as Regi tend to stick with his 5-6 champion pool of Karthus, Ahri, Zed, TF, Kha'zix (pre-nerf) and Orianna. The afterwords part was also key because before they depended on Regi for everything, now without him they've adapted to play without the big shotcaller, and is more of a group effort like C9 where everyone is meaningful in a fight.
0	While i do agree it doesnt seem like that big of a deal we cant know for sure, I used to go to church with someone just to be there with them (Im an athiest) and i wouldnt do much there but then when someone figured out i was an athiest I was basically looked down upon by everyone and it became terrible going to church, it felt like being the kid in school who no one liked or wanted there. Moral is it could actually be a pretty big thing for him to go, although i dont think sexual favors should really ever be used in bargaining, kinda ruins the point.
0	The problem with this post is that it ignores key differences in the history of Asian America and black America. Black America started as slaves and Asian America started as highly educated specialists brought over for this specific reason.   The first difference is the pretext under which immigration into the United States was allowed for each group. Black America's foundation came through the slave trade, which does not really need argument for how it gave black america a shit start. But in addition to that, poor access to education and zoning laws that reduces the equity of families have propagated this problem over the years. I don't think I can give a fair treatment of this complicated trend in a pithy reddit post, so if you want to learn more about how inequity persist over centuries check out the 2013 research on the racial wealth gap by the PEW research center (   Now, compare this with the history of Asian America. The first large influx of Asians was in California around the late 1800s to work on the rail roads as cheap labor. However, due to a combination of immigration policies including the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, Asian immigration wasn't fully permitted equality with European immigration until 1965.   This kept Asian immigration from having any real impact after the late 1800s up until the late 1900s. This is when we have the main bulk of the Asian population reddit is familiar with come over to the US, which explains why most Asian Americans are relatively recent immigrants when compared to their black or white counterparts. But the reason why certain Asian families could immigrate during this time was because their family held specialized skills and high levels of education that the United States found desirable. This high level of education characterizes Asian America at its foundation. It defines not who we are but, more accurately, how we began.   So, based on these two brief overviews of black and asian american history, its pretty unfair to tell blacks they just need to 'get over it' and applaud Asians. This puts the onus on the black community for having ancestors that were enslaved and justifies complex inequities in health outcomes, wealth, and education as 'your own damn fault.'
0	Please bear in mind that no matter how small your town is, or how large your city... No single post office handles your mail/packages. If the shipper is in the same town/ city, their carrier picks the package up or they drop it off at the post office.   From there it is put on a truck to go to the nearest sorting facility. There it is sent through machines that scan it to know where it goes and check for hazardous materials.   Assuming it just comes back to your town, it is put on a truck and sorted by clerks before it is received by your carrier. Should it go elsewhere, it is put on a truck to go to the sorting facility nearest you. There it goes through the machines again before being put on a truck to your post office.   One thing I noticed was that it was sent Parcel Select. The cheapest form of shipping. If the glasses are expensive, send them Priority. Insurance is included. If you can get the shipper to agree, send it in some form that requires a signature. If he has to come to the door to get your signature, it adds immediate accountability for the carrier. Insurance will pay for damaged goods.
1	Yer dat 2 sentence
1	I've had the exact same problem. Except I'm in Bronze 4 (Yeah I know I'm bad). I had at least 3 consecutive ranked games (not all In a row, I can't play after I lose, but either way just the last 3 ranked games be played) where either 1 person or a duoQ pair call every single role, scream out each person to ban in terrible grammar, and get pissy when the people the shouted are not banned and when they don't get their role because they are last pick.   In game they die once, and, as a jungle main, I'm the one they get pissed at for not covering their lane at 2 minutes when I'm grabbing second buff. They then proceed to afk, complain about ELO hell, cry to the other team and lose us the game. It's the most irritating thing ever because no matter what I do, even if I get one lane fed we can't win.   I know that most likely the other team is having the same problem but I guess my luck is just poor and I manage to be on the team and underperform that game. Sorry for rambling, it's nice to be able to rant. In short I agree with you that it's very aggravating.
0	You shouldn't have to tip to get good service. A tip is earned, not deserved. Restaurant owners should have to pay minimum wage. Why is it my job to pay your staff to work for you?
1	AD bursters have  always  been stronger in middle, but this was negated by the fact that they could get harrased heavily by a ranged counterpart. The AD can't go in if he's at 50% hp and you're at 100%hp, and it's harder to cs when you're getting harrased heavily. For the casters that was never a problem, as a ranged caster you're usually okay. But now that AD bursters can sustain themselves, get equal cs, they're just better in a lane by far. Their burst is stronger, their sustain is so strong harass is basically useless, and the new items make them much more viable later in the game.
1	In all honesty, you should of jumped into normal games at level 7 or 8. You won't really learn what to avoid playing strictly bot games, and with bot games I find people hit a groove where they stop improving. As far as I'm concerned after you play some normals you should never die to bots unless you really misplay.   So,
0	Remind him that he was in those shoes not that long ago. How shitty would he have felt being big and some jerk off would have looked down on him? Really, it's no concern of his. I would just shut him down and make him feel dumb. He's your friend, and when he gains some or all of his weight back, you won't throw it in his face. So simple remind him now to be humble and have class.
1	That's Maxim from the YouTube/Twitch Channel LetsReadSmallBooks. He is the Guy who does the german LCS Broadcast and he is friends with the Elements Manager. They needed a Substitute, who is above Dia 5, and so they took LRSB just for the lol'z, because he just hit Dia 5 a few weeks befor the paperwork should be submitted. This should not be taken seriouse. At least this is what Maxim said on his Stream or on his YouTube Channel about this. And btw, he is also support main...
0	This.   When I met my current girlfriend, a mutual trashy friend of ours set us up and I was primed to be skeptical. We first interacted via Facebook, and feeling cocky and punchy, I sent her this weird message that was a half apology for blowing her off for two weeks, half playful explanation that she should get used to it because I'm kind of a dick like that (I was playing - actually, I'm adorkable). She sent me back a message in kind that at one point, casually mentioned she "stopped reading during the second paragraph because [she] got bored." Wait, what? Who the fuck WAS this girl?   An agonizing week later we arranged for late night tea and she proved to be one of the first chicks I'd ever met who could not only keep pace with me, but stump me. I fell in love with her via text, actually. I'd constantly dish something out to her only to have her escalate it to a point where sometimes I'd 'win,' but easily half the time she would.   She makes me funnier. I'm creative, unpredictable and theatrical in my jokes; she's twice as pithy and devastatingly clever. My favorite moments of hers are the ones where she would get a spark in her eye, stop, realize she had come up with the perfect retort and deliver it with perfect timing and absolute confidence.   As MintChocolate_Monkey said, all this pointed to the traits under the hood. She's not only smart, she's ambitious, geeky and a good person to boot. All of which is why I moved halfway across America to live with her a short year-and-a-half later. And here I thought that up until meeting her at twenty-nine, I didn't know if I'd ever really fall in love.
1	I was playing on my level 30 smurf, with some sub 30 friends of mine, I needed the IP.   So I was jungle, and my top laner was afk, so I took doublebuffs, and went top, immidiently diving the enemy riven. Just as I was about to get the last Q on her, my screen froze. I went fucking mad, because I was afraid that my video card was acting weird again.
1	Don't mean to be come off condescending or a dick.  But what okoto said is true.  I have been in 1600 and tbh I think people up there play what they want and still win despite being counterpicked.   I think watching pro's streams sometime affect you negatively too, people assume that if I counter you it's "GG EZ NUBS SCRUB".  When that is not the case at all.  I can pick katarina and go against any match up you can think of with just two ganks.  ( I have to get the kills l0l)   And I am not a good kat I just know me being 2/0 can outlane say a morg or any cc hero.  Granted I did not say this will be a win but to get to my point.  Stop thinking counterpicks are really relevant in your bracket again I do not mean to be condescending but because I was once there I know what you can do to rise.  Outplaying is something you see rarely.   Example I was against a Jayce last night i got ganked by his jungle, then he hit 6 and tower dived me after.  0/2 right there.  I eventually died again 0/3 when my moakai came he got the kill.  Jayce then decided to dive me no minions there.  I survived with 20 hp so he would get the kill but despite having a crushing advantage like 40 cs on me lol.  One kick ignite let tower hit more go behind second tower wall for fog of war a q dead.   His comment "Outplayed".  So to summarize counterpicks are essentail in alot of elo's however, I have seen many taric+graves bot lose games.  Hell i just played a game where the enemy had a noc leona+varus bot that should shit on me in 1500 but I went 19/0.  A few simple plays makes you win the game despite being countered oh and Swain was counterpicked went 0/4 yorick raped him and gragas got raped as well their fizz was 4/0 one point.
0	If you're in a lot of fucking debt, go talk with a bankruptcy attorney. If it's student loan debt, you can still file for income based repayments if your payments are unbearable right now. If most of it is not student loan debt, then bankruptcy may help you. Depending on the laws in your state, you may even be able to keep your assets including your house, as long as you don't have too much equity in it.
0	A girl at my high school died of a heroin overdose two years ago, and the same thing happened.  One group of girls in particular were suddenly her "best" friends.  Posted on Facebook pictures of them all together at one of their houses, "remembering" her by drinking Four Loko and smoking joints.  All of these pictures on Facebook, talking about rolling joints and drinking to "remember her" and because "that's what she would have wanted them to do".  They planned a memorial service AT THE PARK WHERE SHE HAD BOUGHT AND DONE THE HEROIN.  The park was still cordoned off with police tape.  The actual memorial service was at a church, and because of all the things people were posting on this memorial page, they had police at every entrance with drug dogs, since people were planning on getting high at the memorial.  Her parents heard about these girls in particular, and the girls were given a cease and desist order, as well as an order of protection from the family.  They weren't allowed anywhere near the memorial.
1	Ranked games start at a higher elo than normal games, but you also generally start normals when learning the game and don't get to play ranked until you've been playing awhile (meaning a player who starts ranked and normals at the same time will have a better win/loss in the normals than the ranked, but under standard circumstances you'll never start both at the same time).   The main thing to remember though is that win/loss ratio does not correspond to your elo, you can be platinum with a negative win/loss (see bigfatmissy last season) and 800 elo with a positive win/loss.
0	Here's the plot. Lady calls to place a pizza order. I happily oblige and ask if she would like to try special #1 or special #2, she says neither. That's understandable, so then I ask for a phone number and she tell's me she doesn't know it and to give her a minute. Alright she's a little unprepared no biggie, after being on hold for about a minute she comes back and tells me the number. I get the rest of the info down and get to what she would like to order. She asks, "What's special #1 and 2?" -__- I run them by her and she ends up picking #2. I ask her what kind of crust she would like in which she replies, "Uhmm hold on." Another 2 minutes passes then she takes me off hold and tells me regular crust. Now for the toppings...Nope turns out she didn't have any close idea to what she wanted and tells me to hold - yet again. I still maintain my cool calm collected manner and manage to get the rest of the order. Now time for the payment method! Cash or credit? "Can I put it on two cards?" Sure, I can handle that. She then asks how much it would be to divide the cost in half for an odd amount. I explain that it's not going to break even and that it's going to cost a penny more for one card. She's fine with it and so the order is concluded. Now for the best part, I arrive at the apartment and knock on the door. She answers the door and low and behold she's wearing a cheetah printed jacket. I recite the order back to her for accuracy. Everything is in place and I also brought plates, crushed peppers, parmesan, napkins, and pizza magnets. Hand over the goods and then I ask if she can confirm the total on the two receipts and  to sign them. She literally just signs them off and I still have the heart to tell her that her soda got shaken up on the trip over there. I guess that was my tip to her..
1	Simplest way I have to determine whether I should be buying AD or penetration is to look at your floating damage numbers on your targets that you are intending to prioritize, towers, troublesome champions, and so on. If your damage (actual damage on target, not your listed AD) is greater than 100 without critical hits, buy penetration. if less than 100 more AD will grant you more damage on target. If you build a champion with large crit chance or crit damage, the math changes and I don't care to mathcraft that hard.   So, when deciding runes, you are deciding what items you will be better off buying mid game as an AD damage hero. If your loaded up on red and quints for penetration, you can be buying a larger AD item at that time. If you loaded up with AD reds and quints, you will reach that 100 damage point more quickly in game, and should buy one of the penetration items at that point.
1	Eh, not really. The real talking point isn't their uniforms, or not joking around, it's that the phobia of taking towers is bullshit and teams need to get over it. There's a lot that can be taken from how to properly organize an e-sports team, but the western teams knew it already. It just so happens that most of them aren't willing to put in that effort. Then you look at teams like CLG.EU and M5, which are normally considered "Western Teams" and they're both boot camping teams with good work ethics. It's them repeatedly showing that push strategies work that is important. To be fair CLG.NA has been rotating their carry to non-pushed lanes after downing early towers for a long time and running mid-game push strategies, though not  every game  like Blaze is doing.
0	When my daughter was about three, she started having a hissy fit in the supermarket.   I got right on the floor and threw an Oscar-worthy fake tantrum. After about half a minute of that, she got this horrified look on her face and shut right up. Never happened again.   About a dozen years later I said "Remember that time in the supermarket...?"   She said "I thought you had lost your mind."   "Worked, didn't it?"     Related: when she was about 14 or 15 I sat her down and said, "Listen, what I am about to tell you is important."   "Okay."   "Have you ever threatened anyone?"   "What do you mean?"   "Has someone ever done something, or failed to do something, that bothered you so much that you said, for instance, "Stop doing X or else I will do Z." Or "Do X or else..."   "Well, sure."   "Why?"   "They were doing something I didn't want them to do."   "Okay, but out of all the things you might do, why did you issue a threat?"   "To make them stop."   "So you threaten someone to change their behavior."   "Yes..."   "All right, here's the deal. If you find yourself forced to use a threat in order to change someone's behavior, it can only work if this person believes the threat is both guaranteed and serious. This means you have to think whenever you issue a threat. You must consider, what can I do that will more than eliminate whatever value the other person gets from bothering you. And you need to be able to do it right away, not at some hazy future time. And you have to be fully willing to do it. Only use a threat that meets all these conditions. Never make empty threats. All those do is hurt your credibility. Got it?"   "I think so."   Three months go by. My daughter says to me, "A few weeks ago, someone at school was giving me all kinds of shit, and I decided to test what you told me about threats. So I made a threat, and when they didn't take me seriously I went ahead and did it to the letter. Within days, I had a reputation all over the school as someone you didn't dare fuck with."   Epilogue: about eight years later my daughter had a tiff with a younger girl at a club and threatened to get her banned. Other girl laughed it off until her friends all freaked out and said she had to find my daughter and apologize. (Daughter let her off the hook). Oh, how we laughed.
0	Isn't a C average usually a 2.0 and a C+ is a 2.3 or 2.33 depending on the institution? Either way, that sucks that you didn't make the cut. No offense, but as /u/penciledin said, it might be for the best. I go to a pretty well ranked law school and even our graduates are having a pretty rough time these days. You may well have saved yourself a ton of money and hard work for an extremely difficult job market. If you want to chat about this in more detail feel free to PM me.
1	I agree with you completely. All of this, Riot had already learned from NA Regionals. PAX Prime should have been seen as a practice run for them, and as amazing as it was, and I for one couldn't see such blatant examples of looking at the minimaps, it definitely crossed many people's minds. And the crowd gave away so much to the teams as well in terms of cheers/etc.
0	And you're missing mine, which is what you're saying is correct, but flawed.   Yes, laziness plays into obesity, but not always. Is Chris Christie lazy? Dude's accomplished more than you or I have, most likely, and he's HUGE. I wouldn't call him lazy. Just inactive.   "Blackness" here doesn't mean skin color, but cultural identity. Plenty of people will look down on black people for the way they dress, act, and live. Why? Because much of it is borne from generations of poverty and, as such, it rejects the cultural norms - which are all based on "white culture". White Culture is the aspirational "ideal culture" in American society.   If you tell a black person to act more white, it's generally not acceptable - even if it would get them farther in the "White Man's World". It's doubly insulting to them because black people already know this - it's not a secret! So you most likely wouldn't say it.   Why, then, is it acceptable to hitch up that high horse and tell fat people something they already know? Fat people know it's not acceptable to be fat. Not all of them are lazy - maybe some of them are as lazy as you, just whereas you're lazy about doing your taxes or fighting for a better job, they're lazy about athletic activity.   Someone sees a black person working at Burger King and says "Lazy bastard" - not o.k. They're taking two known features of a person (bad job, black) and applying it to their entire character.   Someone sees a fat person and says "Lazy bastard" - o.k.? Eh. I don't know. You're taking one feature and judging their entire character.
1	and THIS is why I hate fckin DL and I think he's a trash adc and human ... you need to spend more time in bronze buddy ... if you bring down ur teammates like that how can u expect them to do well? ... you do well in laning phase, ok that shit is early game so you only know how to play early game as adc... midgame u go melee form (especially with lucian and trist) ... and lategame if the WHOLE team doesn't peel for u you have 0 positioning ... you could even learn from Genja on the positioning ...
1	Pretty much it's all about learning what a champion can do in every situation. Once you have the basic knowledge of a champ, such as his builds, skills, and all that stuff, the part that separates good players and great players with certain champions is how much situational knowledge they have in addition to champion specific mechanical skill.   You need to be able to know your limits of that champion in and out, so you know what you can get away with in every situation each game throw at you. Things such as burst potential, trade potential, roam potential, certain tricks such as ward hopping with Kat and Lee, things like that. I'd like to describe it as having a true 'feel' for that champ, where you know if you engage now you can for sure get a kill and get away alive.   So in the case of Mundo some important things would be knowing cleaver range by heart, knowing how much your ulti will heal you at every rank, and knowing your damage potential with W+E up. Once you are able to instantly decide the best course of play in a new situation, you have already outplayed your opponent.
1	the added safety and better resolution in case something goes wrong on your pc makes up for 10ms delay that you will not notice. 40 ms delay is a lot to connect to a local isp pop, that is connecting to an isp 4800 miles away, you are doing something wrong then
0	The ironic part that (To me at least) parenthood is sometimes something that ends up showing just how stupid someone can be. Not having a vagina, or the will/money to deal with a screaming little poop machine, I have not and will not have children, but I still find myself thinking "I could do better than that" when I see parents acting stupidly.   Example: A friend of mine is a baby mama, and is always exhausted because her toddler is ALWAYS whining and crying and making a big fucking fuss about the tiniest things. When she's not making a big emotional fuss about everything it's usually because she's sleeping. I have to resist the urge to tell my friend: Look...NO MORE SUGAR! Her kid gets healthy food, but WAY too much sugar, and ends up just being sugar-high most of the time. In fact the kid will try and steal sips of my friends coffee if she can. I want to tell my friend "Your life would be a lot easier if you cut off the sugar, and instituted a rule of set bedtime hours. I never will though because that's "crossing the line" and you "never tell someone how to raise their kids!".
1	Play better. Dodge them. Build MR. Buy Banshee's.
1	In general, I want to know how to get better at this game and gain more knowledge. I'm bronze 1 know and I feel like in the past 3 months since capping my skill level has gone nowhere. I never feel like I earn victories or that I'm outplaying anyone. Every game I go into lane and try to poke down my enemy as much as I can then all in and hope I get a kill, but the outcome feels random. I just don't feel like I'm getting better at all, I've tried spamming solo q, learning from streams our youtube guides.
1	im lazy
1	Because spells are limited by mana and cooldowns early whereas autos are not.   If you rush pen boots as a mage you will be heavily mana gated, someone like Panth who relies on spells is also going to be mana gated but can also cast autos which would benefit pen boots.   If that kinda makes sense.
1	Actually it's very cost efficient. it's exactly worth its stats if you have 1083 health, and you'd probably buy this on a high health champion, so it's insanely cost effective then (if you have 3000 hp you get 3450 g worth of stats for only 2300 g)   The problem with Atma's is the range of different stats, that are only useful to a small number of champions, all of whom could probably get better items to fill the slot that they would put atmas into.
1	Well both champions essentially became click and point champions once they got fed.  The only difference was that AP Yi relied heavily upon his team to deal enough damage for him to get the resets.  AD Yi on the other hand relied on his team to be tanky enough to take the damage and for the enemy team to not be tanky enough.
0	So a few years ago I was in Hua Hin, Thailand. We were chillin' at this Scandinavian bar full of drunk 50+ Finns and their 15+ Thai "girlfriends." All of a sudden this one girl goes ballistic, starts screaming at this geriatric Finn exlaiming that "I had nothing to do with this, I haven't stolen your keys, etc." Then she proceeds to strip - vayjay and all - to show this retardenthal that she doesnt't have his keys. In the middle of the bar. She gets dragged out by the landlord and the police pick her up. So everyone's happy, vagina was seen, drinking continues, good times were had by all.
1	The problem with that is Ahris ult and I believe her Deathfire Grasp was down at that time leaving turtle the only high DPS target. When he flashed in with xpecial he was focused to death and not even a charm would save him nor would the crescendo nocturne dive but that did end up ensuring the turtle could live long enough for the 2nd kill. Ahri also needed insurance from renekton in order to back out the situation or else they would give up all map pressure due to being aced. So it was right for dyrus to not follow into that engage and instead protect reginald. If regi had ult then maybe it would be cool to go ham. But crs cop wouldve had to die immediately from the burst from ahri.
1	I didn't say she is bad, she is just really high skill cap champion, and not too many people outside of high level players, play her.
1	i'm not upset but 30 people (theyre less actually) comparing dota and lol OVER 2000 POSTs is not nothing, its 1.5%. If you think 1.5% is enough to say that it matter, you need to back to math school.
0	Yeah, I remember watching Rugrats because, well, Nickelodeon was pretty much all I watched.   I have friends who got all excited once Rugrats was coming to Netflix, but to me apart from watching the occasional nightmare-inducing scene that Rugrats included, there's not much entertainment.   The TeenNick channel has been doing a "The 90's are All-That" thing over the past year, playing old 90's cartoons. I was stoked about it at first, but it's pretty much  all  Rugrats and All-That with the occasional Doug. Watching All-That now I just get annoyed. On Halloween last year they showed a few episodes of "Are You Afraid Of The Dark?" and the "Salute Your Shorts" episode with "Zeke The Plumber." I was like "Hey teen nick, these are the shows I want to watch", but unfortunately for some unknown reason when people think 90's, it's fucking Rugrats that everyone thinks of first.   Rocko was absolutely the shit, I still laugh when watching it on Netflix. But also of mention is The Adventures of Pete & Pete. I fucking  loved  that show, but I doubt they'll ever show it again because the only thing people seem to associate with the 90's is cartoons. Kind of like how everyone thinks all anyone ever wore in the 80's was neon spandex and legwarmers, period.
1	We're probably just mean bastards for criticizing something so fresh and ambitious I guess. It's just that the whole commotion made me discover league factions website and they are a bit bummed, now I feel that way a bit too.
0	Is it so hard to scroll down first to see if there is a
0	This sounds like my wife when we were newly weds. She woke me up one morning hysterical because she was let go from her job. I calmed her down but thought, "Wow wtf do I do now?"   Over the next two months she sat around and did nothing while I picked up crazy OT (50+ hours a week and full time self pay student) and finished my post bac.   She was so confused as to why I was mad when all she did was watch Netflix and Xmas movies on cable. Rarely did she cook, clean, or attempt to shower. And when I got home she followed me like a lost puppy grilling me for info on my day. Super annoying but she did not leave our 1 bedroom apartment all day and would get stir crazy.
0	Well... I love my wife. I love the life we have made with each other. I consider her my very best friend. Before deciding to marry her, we had actually split up. It was my decision to do so, I felt confined and didn't feel comfortable being so close to someone after what I went through when I was younger. I had made a terrible decision and got married at 20 for bad reasons, just because someone is pregnant, doesn't mean you need to put a ring on it; that didn't work out and we split when I was 23. Having been through a divorce before I was scared of a repeat. We were split up for 3 weeks. Worst 3 weeks of my life. I hated life, I hated myself and I missed HER! Damn, I never thought I could miss anyone that much. I came back, explained why I left, tears all around, told her I loved her more than anything. We have a little girl now and a second due in March, she treats my son from my first marriage like he was hers. Life is rough but, we're all happy.
1	I'm 99% sure that almost all rioters play soloQ too, and are afflicted with trollgames just like you are, and hate it as much as you do.
1	Interesting.   It seems to me that it is actually normal that an adc that stands in range of cinderhulk is not capable of healing off all the damage he receives. If I recall correctly, being ADC is a role that requires a lot of careful positioning. It would be quite counter-intuitive if you could have terrible positioning and still ignore the damage dealt by items that certain champions specifically bought for this instance.   Also, there is a widely accepted fallacy that lifesteal counters thornmail. It does not. The best way to compensate thornmail's damage is through magic resist. Have you considered buying mercury's instead of berserker's greaves? It increases your tanking to magic damage, and makes you somewhat more immune to the tank's cc, and 20% AS is not so much in the lategame on the right adcs.   That's also another point. Not every adc is good against tanks. When the meta changes, so should you. A sivir can feel a little bit helpless vs tanks, but a kog'maw won't. The Tank build you presented is indeed very effective vs standard ad, but is extremely weak vs magic damage. It has a clear drawback, and some champions can exploit it.   Finally, yes, you won't heal all of the damage that you take from the super combo gromp+cinderhulk+thornmail. But what matters isn't that. It's about how that damage translate into your health, compared to how your damage translates into the tank's health. For that setup, I've chosen the infamous shyvana tp/smite that can reach that dreaded full tank build. And our hero adc will be kog'maw, with the botrk build you proposed + elixir. Kog'maw gets a ton of magic damage and shred from his QW, and that's what is critical, and we have a ton of mr to balance out the magic damage from the super item/buff trio. So how much damage do you take as kog and as shyvana? As kog during a fight, you would lose about 1% of your hp every second that you stand in range of cinderhulk (when you account for everything), or 0.1% if you are out of it. Meanwhile the shyvana would take ~20% of her HP per second. There's a clear winner in this fight.
1	I know you're fish, but stop being so selfish.   I play fizz a lot, so much that I can say he's my main.   My first 100 games my scores were like that one.  After a lot more games, I started playing rankeds and realize i wasnt winning a lot even i had good scores. I started ganking lanes and letting that lane get the kills, that won me a lot more games, cuz If your team is feedy, they are going to carry you, it's a team game.
1	I'm only gold so I don't know how it works plat+) but I play a lot of blitzcrank support and I've been having a lot of success with him.  My tip is: You need to adapt to the playstyle of your adc. You can usually tell if he wants to get firstblood (often Lucian) or just farm for a while (often Vayne). If your adc is trying to go aggressive at early levels and you're hiding waaaayy back that makes it hard for him and can be very frustrating. If your adc doesn't follow up on your engages try to avoid them unless your jungler ganks since it will probably end up with you getting killed.  Personally, when my adc is playing poorly (not reacting) I often go full AP. That way when I land some spells on their adc all my team needs to do is get the last hit; if they don't that kill is mine.  Also: Don't try to 'force' engages. Try to wait for an opportunity, like when their carry is badly positioned. If the enemy is playing extremely defensive your adc should have no prolem farming so it won't be that annoying either.
0	Thank you.   I first saw that there were 2 seasons, and was excited after watching a few episodes, they really had some good stuff, and having more is simply awesome.   But, then they go from "heres a 40 minute long episode tying together a specific theme each episode about States history, with interesting information and context" to "well, lets just make a 20 minute quiz show and ask a few random strangers some trivia questions, since ya know...less work on our part!!"
0	to date there has been no proven marker, physiological, or anatomical correlation to being gay.  but they brain is a fickle thing.  there is not gene for liking dogs over cats or similar personality traits.  i took many neuro biology classes, one of which titled nature vs nurture, one of the things we discuses was being guy, the conclusion... we have no idea why people are guy/bi, but its likely a combination of many things, like why you love popcorn but your SO needs rasinets when you see a movie.  what you might be thinking of are some studies on trans people, they are theories (no actual proof again) that say that possibly curtain sex hormones stop being produced, or the receptors for them stop recognizing it, and the result is different gender make up between body and brain...   if this was all she had said Homosexual students come to me with their problems, and I dont agree with them, but I care about them. Its the same thing with my special needs kids, I think God puts everyone in our lives for a reason. i might see you point,   its this part i hate: When asked if LGBT people have a purpose in life, Medley responds, No I honestly dont. Sorry, but I dont. I dont understand it. A gay person isnt going to come up and make some change unless its to realize that it was a choice and theyre choosing God.   Read more at
0	If you're spending the money make sure you get a car that you want.   I grew up with an automatic Mustang. 95 GT 302. My dad and I put a shift kit in it and I smoked everything that came near me because I didn't have to calculate when to shift. Car topped out at 120 mph but it held it's own through the curvy roads of southern California.   I didn't appreciate manual transmissions until I started riding a motorcycle. The connection between me and the bike is very close but in a car I will always choose an automatic transmission over manual for practicality. Especially with today's technology where we're getting 6 speed electronic transmissions on muscle cars, 8 speeds on euro toys and plug in modification(tuners, etc.).   Plus I can go around corners without setting down my coffee.
1	Sorry but seriously. Anyone that responds to this after I poured my heart into it, with
0	Because Picard is quoting Shakespeare. Riker is laughing because they stopped teaching literature in the year 2030 so that schools could better fund classes that focused on automobile basics; which in turn led to more students focusing on engine and engineering based degrees. This explosion of engineers led to a multitude of new inventions in the realm of transportation, eventually leading up to the creation of the worlds first F
0	High jacking top comment for story time.   I was a club photographer for about a year. I got to know the door girls pretty well since I saw them every weekend. Fast forward, I was at a bar where I ran into one of the door girls. Very cute and very drunk. She pulls me aside and tells me that she's had a huge crush on me since she met me a year ago. I play it off to the drunkeness. I am also in a serious relationship at the time. The next night I get a FB message from girl at the bar apologizing of her drunkness but standing by her statement of "wanting to fuck me." I kindly refuse because of my gf. Few more weeks go by and it's cinco de mayo. I'm out with my gf and were pretty drunk. We go to one last stop before we go home and we run into said girl. I go to the bathroom and come out and my gf and other girl are completely making out in the corner. I walk up in confusion and ask what's going on. They both say. "We're taking you home right now" I obviously am in shock so I immediately call a cab and go home with both. So yes. Magic does happen.
1	It's sad but the following im trying to tell you with my bad english (sorry) is true.   I believe riot doesn't want to release simple champions anymore,  because they're tired of our flaming in creating "too similar things".   For example, some people have argued something like > oh damn, a champ with a spear has a nuke skillshot Q, that's basicly a Nida Q   ...i  don't  get these people. Riot simply wants to create something that they can't get abused on.
0	After subscribing for months, I disagree about r/mensrights being 'open, polite, and kind', as well as it being about trying to achieve equality.   I'm not a feminist, but I am female.  I joined because I really do believe that everyone should be equal, and I wanted to observe the conversations to ensure that I'm not unintentionally contributing to inequality. I joined hoping to learn, and left fed up with reading senseless woman-bashing.   I get annoyed when I see a woman twist something to make it look like it is intentionally diminishing the role of women, and I get equally annoyed when I see a man do the opposite.   My experience with r/mensrights was that it is a place where men who have made crappy choices come together to blame women for the consequences of their actions, sprinkled with a couple of people who actually seem to be interested in finding equality.  I suspect r/feminism may be the female version of what I found in /r/mensrights, based on the comments I've read on reddit, but I've never actually gone to find out first hand. I did not encounter openness, kindness or politeness.  I did read far too many "you suck, no you suck" conversations between the radical feminist 'trolls' and the guys on the subreddit, so I suppose the fact that the feminist comments aren't removed could be considered open...
1	Personally, I think it's a good thing that they're slowing down the release tempo.   Every other week used to be "oh god, new champ week" where dumb shit would happen on a regular basis because both the player and the opponent have no idea what this new champ can do. A slower release schedule lets casual people play catch up and not fail horribly when they jump into a game after a week of not playing.   Plus they've been doing quite a bit of other work. They've given us More mastery pages that store changes on the servers, dominion, ARAM, visual reworks of older champions, re-balancing of older champions. I'd much rather have them balance out the current pool of champions rather than push out more every 2 weeks.   Even with the extra effort put into re-balancing the older champions we're still left with a horribly large pool of champions that see next to no play. Pretty much any non gapclosing burst mage, for instance. Veigar, Heimerdinger, Brand, Leblanc, Ziggs, Annie... So much work needs to be done to make these guys relevant.   I feel that adding more champions will just bring more imbalance to the pool.
1	The Warmog's is really the only item that anyone will contest here without being finnicky about specific item orders, I think. I'll just stick to talking about that.   I think the problem is that you  are  going 7\3\20. A Warmog's is damn good if you're on a faceroll streak, but items should very rarely be bought for a best case scenario.   Think of it this way; if you get the Warmog's early because you ganked like a boss and saved up a lot of gold, your team is in all probability set up quite nicely indeed for the rest of the game, and you have an advantage that taking a Warmog's will capitalize on provided you can continue to press that advantage and do well.   However, if a.) That advantage goes balls up, or b.) You  don't  get early kills\ganks to solidify your teams position before getting the Warmog's, and the other team has a definite advantage, then you have a potentially useless (and often thought of as such by the same sillybillys who mocked Berserker's Greaves before they became popular at high ELO) item which is performing sub-par to it's full benefit, when instead you could have taken less of a risk, gone Sunfire Cape, and stayed more firmly in the match.
0	I inadvertently started growing a beard recently. (My electric razor self-destructed.)  To my surprise, suddenly, my wife and daughter are more in love with the idea of me having beard than I am.  My coworkers have nothing negative to say. I've not experienced one incident of derisive laughter. And my beard isn't particularly impressive.
0	3D is better suited for cartoon movies, where stuff is supposed to be crazy and run on its own internal logic. If stuff is flying out of the screen at you constantly in The Avengers it will be distracting and annoying but if stuff is flying out at you in something like The Lorax you feel more immersed in the controlled chaos.
0	Usually true.  I always thought /u/forthewolfx is a pretty down-to-earth guy, though.  Never made a big deal of the fact that he's by far the coolest guy on reddit.  Just lets other people do it for him, and pops in for the occasional chill baby-kissing/boob-signing session.   As a result, he's still the coolest guy on reddit.
1	Just cos I love morons and kids like you I will set it out plain and simple.   The person whose case you have currently listed has obviously been punished previously or has already achieved a high track record. Then someone, whose reports clearly matter because he doesn't simply spam them, has reported him for more negative behavior.   Therefore, the person is sent to the tribunal because he has not corrected his behavior from previous times he has broken the summoners code and put "on trial" for breaking his "parole".
0	Yes, breaking a bone could definitely be a reason to go to ER for one, big, HUGE important reason. Should your break cause any disruption in the circulation of the affected extremity, you could end up losing your limb. How can you check for this? Check for circulation  distal  to the break. Distal means farther away from your core. For instance if you broke your tibia(shin bone), you would check your pulse (dorsal pedal pulse on the top of your foot) on that side. You could also check capillary refill (you do this by pressing on your nail bed for either finger or toes. As you press the color/blood leaves the nail bed and upon lifting pressure it returns. If it takes less than 3 seconds, this is brisk and good. Anything longer than 3 seconds is referred to as delayed capillary refill and indicates a disruption in circulation.). What you can do is compare is compare how capillary refill and strength of pulse on both feet. If there is a noticeable difference between the two accompanied by loss sensation, you need to get to the ER and make sure the nurses are aware. You could be at a risk for losing that extremity.
0	Rare serious comment :) Reddit's CEO actually has a really inspiring Quora answer about the relation of money and happiness.
0	I just got my first bike at 26. Barely dabbled when I was a teen; dual-sports. But now I got a cruisers.   HOLY FUCK!   Everyone should get a bike at least once in their life; just saying.
1	Agreed probably a database thing. And it's easier to make a window that is single purpose "you are banned until xxx" than have that and one that says "you permanently banned".
1	No, the TRUE wannabe is the Vi I played with yesterday.   Calls jungle in champ select, other team takes Udyr. Kinda gets pissed, whatever, takes Vi anyway. I don't think anything of it until we get into game and notice Vi started with machete, 3 biscuits, and a ward. This motherfucker went 21 utility, just like Trick does on Udyr. Whatever, no biggie. Mid lane bugsplats and isnt back till like 4 minutes in, lets Akali free farm mid cuz he needs jungle camps. And on his first back, sure enough, spirit stone and Madreds. On Vi. I could have wrung his fucking neck. Lanes are ALL losing (mid tower dropped before 10 minutes) and he thinks he's gonna powerfarm his jungle. Blames our team for not having enough ward coverage to stop Udyr from stealing his camps, dies in Udyr's jungle at least 3 times trying to counterjungle.   Jesus I could go on for hours about how much that game pissed me off. 0/7 (at the time) toplane Yi 'I guess this is a lesson to dodge every game that my team picks Graves' when he picks Yi INTO SINGED, and it's everyone else's fault when Singed has a catalyst like 6 minutes into the match, not his for fucking dying twice 1v1. The few Thresh hooks I sucessfully landed, Nami just dropped bubbles on my face and Tristana went full ham (fuck her right now too, holy shit, you shouldn't be dominant at every phase of the game). The one fight we actually kinda won, I flash-hooked a minion trying to catch Udyr, and I'm about 100 percent certain it was standing behind me.   Only fucking positive thing about the match was hook-stealing a dragon when Trist tried to sneak it without sweeping the pit. And THAT was pretty much dumb luck too.
1	You're going to die until you play enough that your brain learns to instinctually respond with the right behavior.  Of course it helps to have conscious awareness of fundamentals, but the kind of mental processing you need to succeed develops mostly from trial and error.   Yeah the right champ can help (a known unknown), but really, the problem is that you don't even know what you're doing wrong (too many unknown unknowns) and also your reflexes (since you're new) are not trained.  To confound this, reflexes develop at different rates in different people.  So you need to:     A) Learn fundamentals like positioning and map awareness to the point where it's unconscious (like spotting a car in your mirrors, like remembering to check the blind spot before changing lanes).     B) Know your available resources to the point where you are very aware in an implicit way how much punishment you can take vs. give out within the span of a few seconds, so you can be effective in fights & survive towerdives (burst damage is almost always more important than your overall DPS).       I'm going from total noob with lots of negative ratios to usually going positive k/d/a so long as I use a champ I'm used to and so gotten that unconscious understanding.   I'm not going to give you any champ recommendations.  I'd say play as many different champs as possible as much as possible because you'll get way better not having a set pattern of how to play imprinted on your brain.  You'll have a thorough understanding of how much power your enemy has since you've played their champ enough.
1	Well I DO care, because plenty of people I play LoL with are girls, but on the care scale of 1-10, I'm probably at about a 1.
1	Yi really doesn't take alot of skill though... He doesn't really have to worry about positioning or when to engage since he is always running cleanup. But ya generally champs with 0 skillshots are gonna be easier than others. There are also champs that are just have such straight forward kits that it is impossible to screw up, think Garen or Ryze. Also some people will interchange, no skill with a champ being OP, like someone might say Kha takes no skill because he is so strong right now.
1	Lmao you're probably a CLG fanboy to make up things like this. LMQ got dumpstered harder than any other NA team so far, did you see their game against SSB? The only reason why you rate them highly is because they faced weaker competition (sk is better than fnc and shrc better than OMG).   TSM is the best team from the west, C9 come 2nd then it's probably Alliance as 3rd, 4th is a toss-up between SK/LMQ.
0	Alright lets get something straight though Psych is pretty damn subjective so they might actually be right even if they are wrong. Unless they are questioning a definition about something, or the like. Seriously I have watched students argue about case studies numerous times(No his impetence is caused by his alcoholism, sorry but it has to be genetic, no its because his wife doesnt reciprocat his love) Then the prof chimes in with the voice of reason, and goes "My beloved students you are all right have some golden stars."
1	To whom it may concern, First, Ill post my credentials. Then, I will talk specifics. My in game name is; obey the frog My top rating for season 1 is 1310. I currently have 400 + wins in normals, and 170+ wins in ranked with close to that amount in losses.   I Currently Play: @Top Solo - Cho, Singed, Morgana, Brand, Gangplank   @Dedicated Jungler - Amumu, Udyr, Fiddle, Gangplank   Amumu has been my main for quite some time. I currently have 200+ wins on this champion and 2 Quadra kills to my name, but unfortunatly in normals, and a 61% win rate in ranked. The next 3 I almost constantly play because of how much fun they are, and always jungle. I have a good record on Udyr in season one ranked, 60% win rate. I have been playing Fiddle and GP much more in arranged 5 normal games than ranked and I am confident in both. Currently I've yet to be out-smited in my last 50 games at least, while jungling. It doesn't happen.   Giant wall of text-
0	My mom spent so much money on my useless college education out of guilt I used to sneak money into her wallet whenever I visited. One day I guess I went too far because I put like $60 into an empty wallet and she was like "Where the fuck is this money coming from?"   When she found out what was going on she told me to stop it. Also whenever I borrow money and try to pay her back she usually won't take it. Sometimes she'll take a check but it's very rare they get cashed.
1	I don't know how someone could be so dense unless otherwise ~12 years old, mentally challenged, or just completely socially excluded. He had plenty of context and explanation before I spelled it out for him....
1	I think I'll try add a little more info to this then the others. Trinity Force is first and foremost a very expensive top tier item, it sits amongst items such as Rabadons, Phantom Dancer and Infinity Edge. Most of these other items will be more efficient then TF as not all stats will be used. Alot of champs will find themselves wasting the gold on crit, as or ap. There's also the spellblade proc which some champs won't proc often.   Given that, only hybrid, auto attack based champions fully benefit from Trinity Force over other alternatives. Champions who used to love TF such as Ezreal and Corki, now have a much greater alternative in the Frozen Gauntlet. Kayle, although fulfilling the hybrid damage auto attacking champ role, doesn't benefit too much from spellblade and has also found a home in being an AP champion. In the end not many champions benefit greatly from Trinity Force anymore, especially not for it's cost. Jax is possibly the strongest contender for it alonside Poppy and Irelia but even they now have BotRK as a much more satisfying cash sink.   This is purely opinion however.
0	Hm, I see people merging onto the freeway. I'm usually flying by at around 75ish in the slow lane as it leads me straight to my destination. Yes hate me, I know I'm a dangerous driver. However if the left lane is semi-empty or there is about 50 feet of clearance, I'll use my indicators to switch over so that I do not have to slow down or speed up to let these guys merge in safely. Sometimes that lane is full, and rather than speed up and over take these guys. I'll drop from 70-80mph down to 40 mph just to make sure they get in comfortably.
1	The problem with Shaco is that he literally does his own thing the entire game.  Roaming, ganking, picking fights and deceiving away, setting up traps and waiting, talking smack in all chat.  He attracts the type of player that doesn't want to play as a team.  The result is a champ that is incredibly fun for the Shaco player, but incredibly unfun for the other 9 players.  Whether Shaco is on my team or the other team, he pisses me off.  He is the very definition of anti-fun, something that Riot has said they want to remove from the game.
1	I feel people severely underestimate Nein as a top laner. They say he loses every lane. Ofc you are going to lose lane as Shyvana vs Renekton (Which seems to be his most common match up). When ever I see him make mistakes I only ever see it once. He seems to be very good at fixing mistakes.   He used to overextend a lot but that seems to have been fixed too. I can definitely see how everyone has been affecting him because in game it seems he tries to hard to silence doubters. Nein, if you are reading this, I want you to know that every single game I've noticed improvements. Don't try too hard to carry the game just because of haters. This meta calls for an Impact not Flame.
1	You got it backwards. Implementing a clan tag option would REDUCE the number of namechange purchases, reducing the first problem you stated. Also, it's a preceding tag, not a modification of the summoner name. So if Billy wants to be XLS Billy, nobody else can be ___ Billy. Only him. It is VASTLY superior to the system we have today, where if a proplayer switches teams, someone could take his old name.
1	So, you are saying you dont belong in Bronze, right? If you dont belong in Bronze, you would be able to climb out after some Time. Where do you think have most of the Gold/Platinum or even Diamond Player started in Ranked?   Bronze, my Friend. But these People had enough Skill and were passionate to climb the Ladder to the League where they are now. Hell, even i started in Bronze back then i started playing Ranked. Took me a Week to get out of Bronze. Four more Weeks to get Gold. You know why? Because the only one i gave a Shit about was myself. I NEVER blamed anyone for there Mistakes or Missplays. The only Player i blamed was MYSELF. If someone started Shit in Chat = Ignored. It's as easy as that. I tried to improve myself over the Time rather than improving my Teammates.   And why would you flag someone as Feeder? This would end up in horrible Witchhunting and even more qq from People like you because ''i only get matched with tagged Feederteammates, GG rito qq''
0	Parent first friend second   My mother always said that parents should never be their child's friends, and my father was like that with my half-sister and half-brother (my mother didn't really raise them, and he never raised me).   They're a little older than I am, and when they were my age, they had all sorts of problems, nothing serious, but I think my dad was too concerned with being "the good guy" or "the friend" to parent them properly.   That being said, I wish my mom had been a little warmer with me. She definitely made the right choice choosing "parenting" over "friendship" because I have my shit together for the most part, but, even though she definitely loves me, she distanced me a bit emotionally. We never  really  bonded over activities and talked as openly as a parent/child should be able to.   Recently, we've been a little better than this, since she has, let's say, "lightened up" on the parenting since I'm 21 and haven't lived with her for 3 years.   The
0	Fellow adopted kid here. I believe this happened simply because I have had people argue me that I was not adopted more than I feel should be normal. This includes one kid when I was in about 3rd grade who didn't understand what adopted meant and then said 'well if you're adopted, then I'm adopted.' I got to the point if they wanted to argue me on it, I just told them to go ask my mom, at which point she would look at them like they were stupid and confirm what I said. I also had the bully kids who occasionally would try and make fun of me for being adopted.
0	I just gave up drinking coke 5 weeks ago. I used to wake up every night with crippling acid reflux and I'd vomit acid like the little dinosaur that kills Newman in Jurassic Park. I've only done so once in the last 4 weeks.
1	Does anyone else have this? I tried to connect from my friends pc and while chat on his account is working fine when I connect with his pic it still says the same. Anyone found a fix for this? I've tried all the things I could find - kill the process through task manager the relog, connect from different ip, change password and try to relog. Any help would be highly appreciated as not being able to duo and especially chat in champselect sucks big time.
0	This is actually completely true.   If you snub or ignore a beautiful woman, it doesn't matter how ugly you are, she'll subconsciously believe that you have a good reason to - in other words, you're rejecting her because she isn't good enough, because you're better.   Women want better.  They want a relationship that will elevate them socially or economically.  They'll frequently "trade up" when they meet a man that seems to be more socially or economically prosperous than you are.   Personal anecdote time:     Met beautiful coworker in the Army during a field exercise (only pretty girl in the whole armed force from the looks of it, most Army girls are dog-ugly)     Other squadmate tried to introduce me to her while I was setting up a radio antenna outside the tent - "And this is DefinitelyRelephant" he says as I'm rummaging through a box of parts.     "..and I'm busy" is my reply as I walk out of the tent with the part I was looking for, not even sparing a glance at her.     Her interest is piqued.  Unlike a third guy in our squad who has been hitting on her since she arrived (and who has more charisma than I do), I haven't even bothered to acknowledge her existence yet.     This makes her feel devalued, makes her think that I am "above" her in the social/economic heirarchy.     She reacts to this feeling by seeking approval from me in the form of flirting over the next few night shifts, I ignore most of it at first (and my behavior thus far in this story was entirely unintentional, I simply was not looking for a hookup of any kind so I missed a lot of signals).     I finally catch on that she's interested and start to return her flirting.     When we return from our field exercise, she goes back to her base in Georgia, I go back to my base in Texas, and we keep in touch over the internet.     Within 2 weeks I'm flying to Georgia and we fuck eachother bowlegged.       Granted, my lack of interest in her at first was genuine because I simply wasn't in the mood for a relationship or sex or women in general at that point in my life, but the psychology still rings true and you can still exploit it deliberately - women are going to place you higher in their ranking if you ignore them.   The thing is, you have to interact with them as people while ignoring them as women - talk to them, but don't flirt with them, work alongside them but don't seek their approval.   Once you've sought their approval it's all over and you've already lost.  You have gone from being a confident person to a sad pathetic omega male.  That may not be the truth, but that's how they rank you internally, even if they don't realize it.
1	I posted this in another thread     This is how I feel about TSM.   Chaox was the only one who ever really stands/stood up to Reginald. Reginald probably doesn't like that and maybe fears Chaox exposes some bad plays or whatever (maybe you can compare it to the Saint - Hotshot situation). Regi has it in his mind to replace Chaox long before he actually does it.   MLG Dallas showed that Chaox being late all the time was a problem. But not a problem that can't be fixed (Chaox even said this). Chaox got benched, Wildturlte played well. Now this was the opportunity for Reginald to talk to his team about replacing Chaox. And since no one really ever stands up to Regi, they all agree.   TSM as a whole said before that they would never kick anyone because of their performance, yet when Regi asks OddOne and Dyrus to make a decision, they make the decision based on HOW Chaox and Wildturle play. Wildturtle is doing good, but Chaox would do good too in my opinion. They just play a different style and for some reason the want Wildturtle's aggressive style more.   This is just my opinion and it's pure speculation. I have absolutely no evidence (other than maybe human knowledge) to back this up.
1	It's been stated before that many skins, and especially the battlecast (and possibly pulsefire) line of skins, are not canon, but a fun imagination of an alternative Runeterra/future Runeterra.
1	First you only have 160 games this season. And something over 200 in S2. That's not a lot of games. Consider pro AD carries that played thousands of games on every ADC like Fnatic Rekkles.   Now let's look at what you played in S3. You're Taric and Alistair are good you do seem to win with those so keep playing those. Your Shaco, Skarner and Maokai are good. Lee, Rengar, Udyr not so much. Lee has a much higher skilcap and you can play more consistently with something like Maokai. And IMO other junglers are better than Udyr. Udyr's win rate is 43%.   Your Jax and Singed are screwing you this season. 9 games lost and 1 won. Either don't play top or practice more of it. You also play a large pool of champions. Stick to the ones you can carry with.
0	I posted this last year in /r/pettyrevenge   I don't even have to set the scene, do I? Yuletide rush 3 days before Christmas at any supermarket. Chaos, panic and disorder.   I'm the best self service attendant ever. I know how to help in every situation and rush people through double quick. There is a limit of 10 items or less.   There are customers queuing halfway down the aisles. All 28 registers are open, it's a massive store. Customer runs up and down and approaches me and my 8 tills "The queues are ridiculous! Let me through here!" ... With 200 trolley stacked high.   Usually I would nope him the fuck out, but instead I cheerily asked: "Oh, are you proficient with the system, how it uses the barcode to weigh each item and how to bag correctly to avoid error messages? How to remove a bag and continue to shop?"   Impatient Customer (IC): No, I've never been through here before.  Me: In that case, it will be quicker for you to join a queue at a register  IC: (Not having it, clearly the wrong answer) How difficult can it be? Let me through, this is ridiculous.  Fine. I tell them every time a barcode is scanned, the weighing area will not scan the next item until this item is placed in the bagging area.   Enter IC's wife. IC scans an item, hands it to wife, who holds the item in her hand, looking at the screen. Screen is prompting for item to be placed in bagging area. IC is now trying to scan the next item, to no avail. They both stand and stare at the screen. I see what's clearly happening and ignore them.  IC: Excuse me! This till isn't working!  I come over and repeat my instructions, taking the item out of IC Wife's hands (who jumps as if my touch is pure fire) and place the item in the bag.  Me: OK now go ahead, see it scans? The machine is waiting to register the weight before proceeding.  I move away, assisting others, taking off tags, checking for ID, replacing bags etc. All the while I can see Wife is holding more stuff, and not bagging it. IC is now sweating and getting frustrated. They've been there 10 minutes now and are on their 3rd item.   I wait until they call again (am I fuck going to approach them) and for the 3rd time repeat myself, yet again remove the items from Wife's hands and place in the bag.   IC: OK, got it now. They painfully fill up the small bagging area - remember they have a huge overflowing cart - and commit Cardinal Crime Number 2.   Wife removes a bag in mid scan.  All hell breaks loose.   I am lolling to myself so hard I am wearing lollerblades. I ignore them.   IC: EXCUSE ME! NOW WHAT HAVE I DONE?!   Me: You can safely remove a bag once the item has registered it's weight. When you scan and remove a bag the machine assumes you are stealing things because of the weight difference. This goes on for 30 minutes, easy. I ignore them whilst they bicker, fall out, argue and tell each other off for scanning too fast/not bagging quickly enough/removing more bags etc   IC: Next time, I'm going to a manned register!   Me: Yes, yes, I think you should.
0	Its freshman year, chill the fuck out man. Sure is good to be able to wake up early for the real world, but take it from a recent grad, worry about your overall happiness now (take the extra sleep and enjoy your slightly later classes) and I am pretty certain you will be able to reformat your sleep schedule in four years to whatever you want.
0	They told us growing up we could anything we wanted, an astronaut and President were their favorite examples. I'm 6'5 and foreign, so I can be neither.
0	When I was in the position OP was, my boss came over and just straight up told me that they weren't going to give me a raise.  I don't mind you not addressing it if I haven't, but it's insulting as fuck to have someone tell you they fired the other IT guy who made more money than me, weren't hiring anyone else to fill his position, AND they weren't going to pay me more.   I told him that I'd do the same quality job I'd been doing to the best of my ability, but if I couldn't get to something at one of our 14 offices that day, it would have to wait until the next.   I worked in a Real Estate related field, and all of the branch managers were women, whose branch was more important than every other office.  It was funny when they'd call and try to get mad at me because I hadn't made it to their office yet, and I'd just forward them to my boss.  Let him tell them their office is #10 of 14, and that there's something wrong at the #2 office that's more important.  He'd just fucking lie to them though, but I didn't have to.  When the distance between the two farthest apart offices is 60 miles, it can take me a while to get to you.   After I left (albeit unrelated to the above), they moved the servers to a corporate office so the local IT team didn't have to do anything with them, and my replacement made more than me with less experience, and they let the fucker work from home.  I miss the money and mostly easy job, but I don't miss that BS.  I hated politics, and since I was the IT manager, I had to play the game sometimes.  I sucked at it because everyone else had been there 20 years+ and even when it came to IT decisions, they asked my boss who had to call me to ask how to log people out of the Citrix Management Console FFS.
1	Actually, generally it does. He had a good point. M5 don't look healthy at all, some of them look very skinny. You also had a good point too though, I'm sure they do eat healthily that is probably their mental physique side of it but personally I think that they are all very unfit in any other aspect other then their mind.
1	They tried out Lustboy earlier on but gave Gleeb more time to change. Eventually things became urgent so they went for the swap, and everyone on the team agreed. Out of game issues were huge, and Lust is much better on that front as well as in-game. He's getting adjusted now despite the fast decision and changes.
1	Thanks =) What do you mean by "one line off" though? Don't want to write bad
0	Or be creative. I ran out of milk so I made some out of powdered coffee creamer and water. It was pretty gross but did the job.
0	I have a severe brain injury (my dominant frontal lobe doesn't lobe any more, I have very little awareness or sense of time and crazy heavy chronic fatigue syndrome), but I feel like everybody has their threshold of happiness an suffering.   One person's worst day might be a lot better than another's average day, but something reasonably bad occurring in the first person's day might be the worst thing they can remember happening, and it might really upset them, where something much much worse might happen to person number two, and it's one of the worst things that's happened for a long time for them, and so it really upsets them. Both people are really upset, maybe as upset as they've ever been, and both people can benefit from support and love to move on from whatever it is that has happened.   I'll never tell somebody that I've got it worse (I'm better than Toby Maguire at acting okay when I'm not, so while most people know I almost died, aside from a few scars they don't notice much of a difference, and I try not to burden them with it), I'll sit with them and talk about it, and get them to analyse it internally and externally until they get a good grip on how bad the situation actually is, and how long it will actually effect them in their future.
1	So as you can see I have 10 losses on my match history, that isn't why  i'm done with this game. It is because of the people i get paired with who make those games so bad.   Let me start with the game that broke the camels back, the last lost on the list with olaf. Even before the game started it was obvious this wasn't going to go well but i had no clue just how bad it would be. Our team comp consisted of mundo, who wasn't jungling, AP TF, who everyone but me and my queue partner said was useless even though AP TF is good, Kayle, who said she was AD after it was too late to change champs, Ashe, my duo queue partner who almost always plays AD carry and does quite well, and me as olaf jungle, cause i wanted a tanky jungler who could still stomp people and mundo was taken. So mostly AD team ain't so bad right? Oh the game hasn't even started.   As the game begins kayle informs ashe that she will be taking as much cs as possible but instead of going bot she goes mid and stays there until the enemy jungle kills TF and TF is forced to go bot lane rather than duo mid. So TF rages all game blaming everything that he does wrong on his stolen lane. kayle who we assume is going to troll actually starts doing well. Ashe gets a kill while she was 2v1. I get some successful ganks off early game is going great. But the other team gets all of our first turrets before we get one of theirs. we start to team fight and since we have more kills we do well, but tf is almost never in the team fight and mundo and kayle rage at him for being useless all game and he keeps blaming everything on his stolen lane.  I should mention that even though I'm jungler no one is raging at me. So slowly but surely the lack of a useful fifth person starts to take a toll on our team fights. by the time the other team pushes into our base mundo kayle and TF are so busy raging that they dont help ashe defend against the massive amount of minions swarming our base. they continue to rage at base till we lose.
1	It's not about the champion, it's about the player. Everything in this game is about the person playing. Sure, it's a given that some champs have skills that do well versus others, but it lies with personal ability to cope well with that. > >
1	While watching high-elo streams I saw some awesome things people could do with Riven out of curiosity I wanted to know how they do it, I stumbled over a Video that shows what kind of animation cancelling you can do with her it's far beyond the animation cancelling other champions usually can, so huge congratuliations to everybody who can pull those amazing things of  but  the problem with it is that her skills can just come out insanely fast and in very quick succession thus dealing lots of damage (some might even want to say:  Tons of Damage ) in a very short time this leaves the space for counterplay incredibly small causing threads like this one and being very frustrating to play against a good Riven will also get catched very easily. Riven's kit can  if executed properly  be very good at dueling enemies and evading enemies, her 3rd Q can jump over walls (which isn't easy to do, at least not for me), she has a shield that is combined with a gap closer an with the right animation cancelling almost instant stun and an Ultimate which executes very well and increases the range of her abilities and auto attacks. The overall counterplay to her kit is very limited as most of her abilities are most instant e.g. her stun you can just E and then W stunning the enemy for 0.75 seconds while shielding which should give you enough protection to reach your 3rd Q stack to knock the enemy up combined with a few auto attacks and maybe a Tiamat or Hydra this should be enough to bring the enemy very low making her Ultimate very dangerous as it is almost impossible to evade it as it moves as fast as the old Zed Shadow (around 2000 Missile Speed) making it incredibly hard to dodge especially for people with slower reactiontime or not so good internet connection. All this make her a frustrating enemy to face, especially if the player behind it is very good with the animation cancelling.
1	Can you add your twitch link?
1	Your idea has merit, but it also has many huge issues, such as the fact that the games would almost all be tanky DPS junglers fighting it out since they would be the most suited to the just jungle meta. Also, you would have issues with strong counterjunglers dominating the hell out of this gametype. You would also get some champions that are good at early level fighting that would simply roam around killing people, making the game somewhat unfun, until the meta eventually devolved into a glorified ARAM.
0	Why does exceptional students even need extra resources? I ususally finished way ahead of most students in my class in highschool. Didn't need a teacher to come tell me what to do now because of that. I just asked for the next thing we were gonna work with, or if that wasn't possible (because we were gonna have some introduction or something) I just whent to the library and sat down to read about something that interested me, philosophy, biology, history, sociology or whatever tickled my fancy at the moment. Never really cared for math though, had classmates that did and they just whent ahead, and if they ran into a problem they asked the usual teacher about it. Unless you have a moron for a highschool math teacher he should be able to help with anything that a highschooler might wonder about, even if it is not in the area currently taught. Essentially, I knew how to read, look for and digest knowledge. Didn't need a bunch of fancy resources to do that then.
1	Better against melee AD's. Because his Q is an AD debuff. But I won everytime against malphite or Diana too. But he is more like a counter ad.   I also won against Nida and Jayce but I believe a smart nida+jayce should win because of that kite-potential.
1	Urgot is a relic of Riot's old champion design.   Urgot was made back when League was in its infancy, and was very much like DotA in some of its champion designs (high mana costs, strong abilities, less mobility, etc.)   One of the key aspects that separate League from DotA today is getting ahead of an opponent. In League, you make yourself stronger to get an edge on your opponent. In DotA, you make your opponent weaker, generally speaking (evident by denying and big ticket items being less cost efficient).   Urgot is a one of a kind anti-carry champion. His job isn't to get massive and shit on everyone, it's to be a nuisance, so much so that the enemy laner cannot fight Urgot due to his damage reduction and massive range. Late game, Urgot's job is to shut down the other carry by putting the carry (and himself) in shitty positions.   I don't think Urgot is bad, nor do I think his role in League is bad. I like him as the unique little blob of pain he is. I just think you should understand why Riot would want to rework him.
1	well i support OP if someone gets a season long ban he will reflect on this and become less toxic. now aways someone will report you for the slightest thing. If you troll in a bot game someone will say reported. It's a bot game o___o doesn't matter if you troll.
0	This. My mother didn't let me have a job in high school because "school was my job". We're not poor by any means so I just went with it. She said if I did well in school, I would get scholarships that would cover the cost. Well, now I'm in college, my mother isn't really helping at all, I don't qualify for financial aid, there's nothing particularly noteworthy about me (I'm a white girl who is not good at sports or really anything) so I don't get much for scholarships, and the ones I do get for education are so small they're almost negligible. Sure $2,000 is nice, but when I'm going to a good university for 8+ years, it doesn't do much.
1	Had a game the other day, was doing my jungle thing. I grabbed an oracle to clear wards around baron, and we killed their jungler, saw the rest flee through my wards. Pinged for baron, clear of wards, start it up. They have a blitz. Our rengar top spams over and over "ward around baron...ward around baron....ward baron". Non-stop. I spent what money I had prior to this on Oracle, and my single ward was placed in their jungle. Support used up wards. Rengar gets grabbed and killed, and we have to back off, because for some reason he thought it more important to spam WARDS in chat rather than A.) not stand in the dumbest place ever, or B.) buy a single damn ward himself. I didn't see him buy one ward, constantly had to keep tabs on enemy jungler and warn ping when I though he would be ganked in lane.
0	Well, since Nintendo is the current hot topic, let's google 'Nintendo CEO salary'   Brings up this 'old' result from 2012:  Showing that this very same President (CEO) has cut his salary before. His salary then was just over a million dollars a year (as after the 67% cut this link was referencing, he was down to $566k/year.) So unless something has changed (I can't find anything quickly on google that said he got a pay increase after his salary slash for the year was over with) he had a little over a million dollars a year for his salary before he did this current slash.   That's for Nintendo, a company that (according to this link,  EARNED about $100 million between March and December. Earned, ie: Profit. Total revenue for the company, according to that same link, was about 4.8 billion (doing a google search of 499.12 billion yen in USD showed 4,883,390,080)   So basically,
0	8 years call center experience here. I hate the job but with a young daughter to raise in a town with no work, gotta make due. Now a seasoned vet like me, I have heard it all. My phone voice and charisma can sell ice to an Eskimo. I look forward to the angry calls over the pleasant ones. The reasons are this;   1.) nice calls are boring, angry one are a lot more interesting   2.) if your good, you can make an angry customer a happy one.( You don't have to even fix the problem but killing a person with kindness shows that no matter how mad they are, they will not effect your attitude. It's hard for a person to stay pissed when the other person offers them a sincere apology, reinforced with an attitude that your their to help.   3.) I mock all angry customers. I mean ALL angry customers, the worse your accent the better. I have gotten really good at impressions because of this. The mute button is my best friend, when you hear the call go silent, assume the person is mocking you.   4.) At the end of the day they are the ones with the problems. You are just a body in a chair, answering calls nothing more. The moment you realize that, and leave the stress at work, is when you realize your getting paid for sitting on your ass and screwing around on Reddit all day.   5.) People are tougher over the phone, then they are in person. I call this people "Telephone Tough Guys". These people are the ones who get so fired until they realize their tough guy personna is not getting them anywhere.   6.) Supervisor calls.... I love them. If you think that calling me and arguing with me and demanding a supervisor is going to get you special treatment you are sorely mistaken. I have worked a few call centers and most of the time the supervisor has an off the phone job and don't have any training as far as what the telephone job entails. These "supervisors" are here to just make sure I take my breaks on time and show up for work. Where I currently am, I have a supervisor hotline but they really have no much more power then I. The reason I love supervisor calls the most is because when I am about to transfer to a supervisor I tell the supervisor all the crap you put me through. Unless your telling the supervisor something you haven't told me, chances are your getting the same answer.
1	Lee is an exceptionally excellent counter, although any champion with a strong lvl 1-5 duel potential will work. Burst is also rather good, as is cc.   Snare especially does wonders.     As a jungler valid counters are:   Lee   Khazix   Nocturne   Pantheon   Udyr   Vi   Wukong   >Your plan should be to take red level one and attempt to catch him at his second buff. Few champions are worse 1v1 at level two than Yi. Whether this is successful or not invest in a green ward or two and keep his jungle warded. One kill on him pays for 4 wards   Warwick gets a special mention, he can't really 1v1 yi but his ult can render a fed yi completely worthless.     As a top laner:   Ryze (Non-skillshot 1.5s snare on a low cooldown, build frozen heart)   Malphite (you destroy his AS and can counter his dives by ulting whoever he q's to)   Jax (you can 1v1 with counterstrike if you're even on items)   >As a top laner vs a jungle yi you should be able to safely exert a lot of pressure as long as you ward river. Depending on your communication and ELO you can organize counter ganks as well.     As mid just look for reliable burst and cc, things like:   Annie (if he doesn't dodge your AoE with q)   LeBlanc (double chains means you kite him hard)   Lux (if you can land snare he's dead)     As an adc you're at the whim of your team, but these champs could give you an edge:   Tristana (your ult can counter his initiate in teamfights and your w is a reliable escape as long as he's used his q)   Varus (the snare, if you can land it, can completely shut him down at any point on the game)   Vayne (if you have the mechanics to play her well just make sure you have ult before extending and fight him near a wall if you can. Counter his q with your condemn and kite him hard, 6 shots should kill nearly any yi)     Support (my domain of choice):   Thresh (If you can land a q onto yi he's done. Cast the q towards his target when he q's for a guaranteed hit. If he doesn't have his ult your kit also has two slows. Worst case scenario you gtfo and send your adc a lantern.)   Lulu (she's the counter-engage queen. You have whimsy to shutdown his damage and your ult and shield to mitigate it. Without his ult your q can render him immobile as well)   Braum (once you're 6 you have two reliable cc's for him to eat and a hard defense to put up for whoever his target is. Wait for him to q, while he's in midair jump to his target and spool up your ult so that it casts when he appears. While he's in the air either hit him with a q or an auto and your team should guarantee a stun. Without his ult you have hard peel with the slows+stun)   Leona (The other supports struggle with his ult negative their slows. Leona doesn't. When he uses his q just prime your zenith blade and jump onto him. Hit him with your q then immediately cast your ult on top of him, he won't be able to dodge it and your adc should be able to burst him with the help of your passive)
1	Since they just renewed their visa's it shouldn't complicate those as typically sanctions involve limiting new visas from being given, now when it is time to renew again it could become an issue but that should be in almost a years time.  Also restricting visas typically occurs more for government officials or people with the ability to transfer important information (ie - people in tech jobs, scientists, etc) or people associated with the government which gambit is not.
1	As a guy who makes content myself I will do my best to review this:   It was a pretty good montage, (self taught pride amirite) decent clips HOWEVER only decent. Montages are really hard to pump out regularly and I know this second hand because I am subscribed to a few Call of Duty people on YouTube (mainly the guy who somehow got a video to the front page of THIS subreddit). Montages should be made whenever possible, save them as a side project and never rush them, when you have time work on them with the clips that you have gathered and when you get another, don't forget to add it in.   Now on to editing, the editing was solid but I am not sure if it is just me, or it is really popular, but I personally like it when the music is nice and synced up with the video (do you know what I mean?). In future try use some replay system (like LoLReplay or BaronReplays) to capture more cinematic shots (shots like PeacePigeon does or DatJellyFish). But other than that, very well done sir.   The title was rather distressing, not the YouTube video but reddit post. I clicked on it because I like watching the content that people push out in the league community, not because there was "I worked Hard On Please Watch!" in the title. In fact, that is rather off putting. Never ask for others to watch your video. This is what happens with community feedback. AS THE GREAT SP4ZIE HAS ONCE SAID IN HIS VIDEO "If you start out as a YouTuber, you will work for free for a long time, and then that work eventually starts paying off as you get bigger and bigger". Don't be discouraged by negative feedback, it is still feedback. My biggest hit on reddit which made it to the front page of reddit (I think it stopped going up around 16th?) was called "Lee Sin gets read like a third grade text book". That title had intrigue and lols (I hope) which drew it to the 3000 upvotes it got.   All in all it was a very well done montage. It could be improved here and there but I believe you can go far sir. Put in slightly more effort and never rush your videos and you will be golden. I have subscribed and look forward to further content. If you wish to also see my content (I think I have done a few edits ~kinda~) you can find my channel, called Harkuas.
0	I always find it funny when legal opinions come from law students. I'd reckon that 9 out of 10 legal opinions I read are prefaced with "I am a law student." The worst offenders are those that begin with "I'm a 1L law student." I equate that to a first year medical student saying, "Yes, I can operate on this man's heart. I am a first year medical student. I know all there is to know. My outdated textbooks taught me everything."   I don't know why this is. Actually, yes I do. Some law students are gunners in class and in real life. Reddit is yet another forum for proving your intelligence and your wealth of knowledge!
0	Don't blame reddit... blame yourself for BEING A MONSTER!
0	You've got it backwards. Let's say there's 100 groups of people on TANF (families). Of these, 49 have no adult recipients at all. Let's say all the others had 2 (even though we know it's really 1.77 as an average). So 51 adults (minimum) and 49+102 = 151 children.   Wow look. 3 times as many kids are listed in this equation as being on this theoretical TANF than adults. The children came from somewhere, but you're not understanding the numbers you're presenting. If there are children receiving benefits without adults, then the adult number doesn't grow, but the child number does, making it seem skewed that there are adults with a ton of kids on the system when you don't math so good yes.
0	Actually the boy grew up with me and is now in his mid 20's and would be hard to tell that he has autism.   They aren't abusing their kid and I don't see it that way. You can tell little Johnny "You are special you have autism, unlike the other boys and girls you will need to work harder" and "Oh you have autism Johnny, it's okay to fail, you just have to realize that you cannot do things like other boys and girls" sounds pretty good to me, doesn't it? Wrong. Again his parents raised him with his two other brothers to be normal, not to be the "special" kid. That is how they saw it. They didn't stunt is growth. They didn't harm their kid, but I guess in this day and age where others tell parents how they should raise their kid instead of minding their own business leads us to Teachers having to use purple pens instead of red ones b/c it would hurt Little Johnny's feelings. Here's a hint, have Little Johnny study harder so he wouldn't have to get his paper marked up. We are now in the age of participation awards and blaming acronyms for kid's failures (ie ADHD, ADD) b/c the lack of parenting or bad parenting.   My kid will be raised to not blame anyone or anything for his failures. He will ask why that other loud and annoying kids are being allowed to be little shits b/c their parents put their kids on medication for something that doesn't exist. ADHD only exists when parenting doesn't. People can make up science to justify the means for you that will argue with me.
1	As a plat player, communication more than often loses game rather than winning. The only important communication you should bother doing is in champion select and pings. I refer to the "typing effect". My teammates or the enemy will often type to their opponents or their allies in a sort of rage or in an effort to make their teammate correct some behavior (Go attack him... Go... Go...Go, etc). This means that the person typing is concentrated on his team and what his teammates are doing rather than himself. You should not have to communicate in this method, and it (in my experience  1k ranked games ) is often detrimental to yourself. Pings are short and concise and get MOST messages across. Want to do baron? Ping. Want to call mia? Send three caution pings from the last known location towards the direction he is going. Want a teammate to attack? Ping the opponent.   This is not to say ALL communication in game via the chat is a bad thing. Certainly, some things help. You should discuss some strategies and what you believe you (please only you, if you tell others what to do they rage in solo queue) can do better while there is downtime, such as walking to lane. But in my experience, communication is more often than not detrimental to the winning state of mind.
0	If you're watching a "For pennies a day" commercial it's probably for World Vision International.  They admit that  "When you make a gift, your contributions are pooled with that of other sponsors of children in the community where your child lives. Your child receives health care, education, nutritious food, and the entire community benefits from access to clean water, agricultural assistance, medical care, and more."   Their advertising is deceptive as it makes it seem that the money will go directly to the child.   That said, they're a fairly highly rated [charity]( and according to [last year's financials]( only about 14% of donated funds went to overhead and marketing.  They are a religiously founded organization and they do push their beliefs so that's a strike against them.  IMHO, you're better off donating to Doctors Without Borders.
1	Screaming at your teamates may make you feel better for a moment, but in turn does nothing. It's like smoking a cigarette, makes you feel good for a bit, but in the end leads to cancer and other things.
1	If you look at some of the reasons other MMO's start to decline it can pretty much be based on a few things.   1.  Lack of new Content   2.  Newer games of the same genre that are competitive.   3.  Fiscal obligations.   1.   Riot releases new champs, game modes, lore updates, etc. On a near weekly basis.  This probably won't slow down considering Riot continues to grow as a company and LoL continues to be popular.  Even if they decided to branch off and begin producing a new game they would still have a dedicated team for LoL releasing new content.   New content can also be a turn off for some MMO's.  You want to feel relevant in the game.  For example, take a break from WoW or another MMORPG and they might release a new raid or dungeon.  If you are really far behind on these games then it is often hard to keep up with content, especially if you are a more casual gamer.  As a result some people lose interest in the game realizing how much work they will have to put in to accomplish the things they want to.   In contrast if we look at LoL, you can take a large break and still come back, feel relevant, and be in roughly the same spot you were when you quit.  Sure there will be new champs that you will have to learn and your elo may decay, but the game itself is relatively the same and easy to come back to.   2.   If we look at other MOBA's that are competetive with LoL at the moment we have HoN and DotA2.  HoN would have to doing something really impressive to reach the level of popularity that LoL is currently at and honestly that probably will never happen.  DotA2 on the otherhand is fairly popular but still did not cause a major impact on LoL's popularity.  Even if a person prefers one to the other you can still play all 3 because of their F2P systems (Not sure if DotA is F2P or not).  Because DotA2 was released recently and HoN seems to be content where it is, it would take an ambitious new producer to release a MOBA with the ability to sap LoL of its popularity.  To be frank, I don't see that happening anytime soon.   3.   LoL is a free to play game that uses microtransactions to make revenue.  Therefore, they don't base their income on monthly fees to play the game.  This means that a player will never have to stop playing LoL for monetary reasons.  This also makes it a lot harder to quit the game.  WoW for example if you want to quit you can just cancel your subscription and then you are prevented from playing the game.  Even if you quit LoL, the option to play it is always there and won't require money to satisfy your craving.   You also dont have to buy expansion packs for LoL.
1	What he is saying is that buying more hp doesn't increase his effective hp because the blobs heal for a percent. If he has more hp, he heals for the same percentage, but resistances will end up being more effective against the type of damage he's taking. Only once he gets spirit visage does hp stacking become more effective because his blobs heal for more but his abilities don't cost more. However, resistances will result in higher effective hp because he takes less damage while still healing for the same flat percentage on his blobs. Now if his blobs healed based on bonus hp at a higher amount than currently, THAT would make hp stacking effective.   He doesn't have a shield, so I'm not sure why you mentioned shields scaling with resists earlier.   The only effective scaling he gets with hp is on his passive, since it would result in him being higher hp when he comes out of it, and event that isn't that good, since his blobs have a percentage of his resists, so once again we find that stacking hp on Zac really don't do much relative to resists.   I don't know if getting damage that scales with % total or bonus hp would be broken, especially since it is something that can be tweaked down if it turns out to be too much damage.   When you compare this to Sejuani, Volibear and Nautilus, who DO get %hp scaling (on damage for Sej and Voli, and a shield for Naut) we find that there is room in the game for hp scaling to be an effective mechanic without it being broken, furthermore, these are on abilities that are on a longer cooldown than Zac works with. In a meta that favors tanks having reasonable DPS, Zac is surprisingly behind the curve, only doing significant damage with his ult. I think that putting a %bonus hp damage scaling on his E and ult would result in a champion that has a bit more viability in this meta without being broken, especially if Riot is conservative with how aggressively they allow the damage to scale.
1	Can I reference this brilliant Youtube Video from Extra Credits in terms of how 129 champions is actually helping the balance of the game. It's really important as a Game Designer to understand this concept.   EDIT 1: Importantly, it labels how giving the players a wealth of options (129 champions) actually keeps the meta fresh and equips the player base to solve meta problems.
0	Advice to all the men: If you want a girl, stop making the ignorant assumption that all women are exactly the same. Seriously. If a woman doesn't like you, that's up to her. Maybe you should stop blaming her and look at what you're doing wrong. If you're genuinely nice, you will understand that no woman is obliged to sleep with you just because you act like a gentleman.
1	Not sure why you would rush EC instead of wriggles. Yes, EC has higher lifesteal and the synergy with IE you mentioned is great too, but on the other hand you get the desperately needed armor botlane and a proc that gives you strength contesting objectives such as blue buff or drag/baron and a guaranteed lasthit every 5th try. And attack damage, usefull if you cast ad scaling spells (Graves lol).
1	I recently got promoted to Platinum V and was enthusiastic at first. I still got up to 30 LP per Win and only -15 per Loss. Great times; but stuff went down the drain. I eventually lost 11 out of 14 matches, regardless of how I did (I obviously lost my lane a lot, too). Simply every lane lost, the last lane standing was then camped by the enemy jungler. Dire times. However, I ain't even mad; Shit happens. As a substitution, I found myself playing ARAM with friends a lot recently, and also some normals. Great fun! Releases pressure and I suppose im going to start ranked in a week or so. Hoping for some good karma then, maybe Im granted a 11 Win / 3 Loss streak!
1	This will probably get buried, hey ho, not even sure this really fits in this thread or another thread about SotL but here goes.   People want LoL to be big, be an e-sport, etc and there is this current affairs program which has the potential to be something great within the community- a place where people can get news for the week, hear the opinions of pro players, all that good stuff. Travis wants this to happen and the viewers of SotL no doubt want this to happen as well but it's being held back by a number of things as I'm sure people can see.   The biggest problem, imo, comes from the innate troll-iness that happens in the game. (If you've ever stopped caring about the game and given away (near) free kills, you have trolled at some point). The guests on the show make their money by streaming solo queue, which is 5-6 hours daily of having trolls and bad players in their games and so naturally it rubs off on them, their behaviour and their language. Even though I didn't see the Christmas episode, I can read the "best bits" of Wickd talking about SV's mom, SV talking about hookers, etc, and while this kind of conversion is funny to a lot of people, it isn't going to attract meaningful sponsorship in a million years.   Meanwhile, Travis wants to make a living out of this largely unstructured and unprofessional showcase of top players which, forgive me if I'm wrong, is essentially just a Skype call in his bedroom, right? He would get a lot more from the show (sponsorship, respect, etc) if it looked like the show took a week to put together and not like 5 random people answering random questions on Skype for a couple of hours.
0	I'm one of those people who say that, and every time I hurt someone I feel terrible. I don't think it's a huge problem in my life because I am productive and generally happy on my own, but I don't have the basic skills to be in a relationship long term.   This is just something I'm working out as I grow in life, and I prefer to tell people ahead of time that I'm a very volatile personality when people get close to me, that I'm extremely introverted and non-committal, that I don't subscribe to traditional roles or structures that society trains us to follow. I like to experience life and when I start to feel stagnant I summon change. I hate the idea of seeing the same people every day, waking up at the same time in the same bed, or eating the same food.   Some people think that to be a call to arms, or that I need rescuing, or that I'm looking for that woman who's gonna do a montage and make me into a better man. Live your life, and let people live theirs, don't try to change people because humans are elusive creatures of habit and you'll spend your life chasing smoke as you get older and older.   My MO is just not to engage in anything that has a subtext of "let's start something together". It takes so much energy out of me and in the end I always leave with a little piece of myself missing.
0	Funny how people are offended by it...since it applies to men as well. In fact I'm not exactly sure WHY anyone is offended by it but that's reddit for ya, some people's jimmys get rustled way too easily.  In my defense a simple look at the plot lines of a LOT of "Woman oriented/targeted" movies or shows contain the plot element of at least 2 men vying for the attention of the protagonist.  Obviously this plot line is popular for a reason.  Generalizations are just that: GENERALIZATIONS, ergo by nature they obviously don't apply to everyone but surely attributing a commonly seen (and common sense) aspect to a particular sex is not inherently sexist, it is merely an observation about that sex.   People need to look at what's being said instead of knee-jerk "That's sexist cause you're a guy saying somethin about women that doesn't apply to all of them!"  What guy doesn't love the idea of driving a Ferrari?  What guy doesn't want to date a swimsuit model?  What guy wouldn't want to sleep with 2 women at the same time? These are generalizations that don't apply to all men, yet I doubt any men on here would be offended by these comments, even if they don't actually apply to them. Don't confuse the observance of a common trait as being judgement or derision.
1	Can people stop joking/complaining about things like this?   For once and for all, the fact that things like this pop up  again and again  tells us that people  really want it in the game .   And since we  don't  have a "master thread" and such, to collect and list all of these requests, I see no reason to prohibit people ("new" people, who haven't seen these ideas posted before) from sharing their opinion.
1	the big thing thats the difference between low elo and high elo is that one little misstep looses you the game.   guess what no runes/masteries is a misstep, you have an huge disadvantage at high elo cause of this, in low elo people make so many mistakes (both teams) and no one really punishes these mistakes. i've seen challenger games lost cause one guy was at one point one step to far (literly one teemo distanz) and that lost the game for him. in low elo you can do that and nothing happens.   yes high elo player can win vs a low elo player without runes/masteries but that they can just because the skill difference is just to high, its basicly your skillshots are never gona hit and for him its like you run into his skillshots
1	That's sorta true, sorta not true. While it seems that MR has a logrithmic scaling curve, it's actually a linear EBH (Effective Bonus Health) curve. 20 MR, no matter what point you are at, means You need to deal 20% more magic damage to kill the person (In other words, they have 20% less EBH).   You can see this if you look at the 100 MR/armor checkpoints:   100 MR/Armor = 50% DR   200 MR/Armor = 75% DR   300 MR/ARmor = 87.5% dr   As you can see, while it seems like the DR is scaling logrithmically, it's actually linear between any 2 given points (going from 50% DR to 75% DR I'm actually dealing 50% less damage, which lines up with the 100% bonus EBH)   So, no matter what MR the enemy has, I'm always shaving off the same amount of effective HP I have to go through when I have MR pen.   Of course, %MR pen becomes more efficient eventually, but many people don't stack enough MR for this to be the case.
0	a) look normal (this one is important. you don't need to be 'attractive', just normal); b) dress nice (and wear clothes that fit you well); c) care about your hair; d) be clean   that's really all it takes to get guys thinking about shagging you, I guarantee it. I know that seems crude, but most people wouldn't date someone they wouldn't have sex with.   if you DON'T look normal (I'm talking objectively. I'm not judging the way you look, but if your teeth are super crooked and big or something like that. if you're over weight, go after similarly sized men) then every other step becomes more important, AND you need to have a likeable personality.   remember that a lot of people date for looks but stay for personality. there's nothing wrong with that. that's quite literally the entire point of dating. if you're awkward or something, that's fine. you will either find a guy that thinks it is charming or you will get less awkward over time.   I guess my
1	Cho'gath: Hiemer, Hiemer 100%. I play Cho a lot (and yes, Gentleman Cho skin, the only skin for him). I enjoy going mid as him and confusing the fuck out of people. Counters that I've found aren't really items but rather people. But Hiemer is amazing against Cho, his turrets don't get knocked up into the air by Rupture and Feral Scream doesn't do much against them.  Plus they take longer to kill than standard creep.  Hiemer meanwhile can pick at you from a different spot with his full range of abilites while his turrets go to town on you and your minions.   CC Cho away from you on all costs, so he can't Feral Scream silence you (and preventing you from helping with a 2-3 second silence, which can help save your teammates) and will keep you out of Rupture range, which will slow you and prevent you from running away if his teammates show up.   Also, don't run from a Feast'ed Cho, he's not that scary. Yes he has a lot of HP, but that's about it. His only plus as a tank is having tons of HP, which makes him take longer to kill.  If you get in a team fight, focus him last because he is a tank that can't force you to fight him, as he doesn't have a taunt like Shen, Rammus, or Galio.
1	watch professional/challenger level streams and replays. spectate front page games and watch what your lanes do and don't do, compared to what you would have done. Watch the mechanics of champions you like to play, you will notice new tricks and strategies and ways they utilize their kit. Look at their build orders and learn why they built in the orders they do. For me at least it was the push I needed from Silver 2 to now Gold 4 and still climbing. I am a visual learner and just watching professionals taught me more than the 1000 game grind it took this season (my first season) to get from Bronze to Gold. If you are seeing the same results game in and game out, watch how the pros do it.   You are Bronze because you are unable to carry Bronze players in a consistent manner. Then when you make Silver you will have to carry your Silver teammates in a consistent manner to make it to Gold. Some games are absolutely uncarryable, but overall you will steadily climb if you are actually better than your peers. It is an attitude. YOU need to take it upon yourself to carry the game or spoonfeed your carries kills. As a jungler that means if you have a Fizz or a Kassadin mid lane, your goal is to make sure they get kills and are protected from ganks so they can snowball and win the game. If you have a Jinx or a Vayne bot and you are support, you need to make plays and get your carry fed. If you are top you need to win your 1v1 and your lane, NEVER blaming your jungler if you get ganked, and split push your way to victory. Top lane especially is a mano e mano matchup, and you don't need your junglers help to win your lane. If you lose your lane, you deserve to lose the game. Same goes for mid. (just my opinion) If you consistently win your lane (9 times out of 10 is not unreasonable), you will not be bronze for more than a week or two. That means picking some champions that you like and playing the hell out of them until you can win every matchup.   My top pool is Zac, Olaf, Singed, Nasus, Garen, and Teemo. I can counterpick or match any top lane champion in the game and am confident enough with their abilities that I can win my lane matchup 9 times out of 10. If I win my lane and lose the game, I don't complain. I just realize that in the long run I will win more games then I will lose if I keep improving my play over time.   Become a good farmer. Out farm everyone in the game. High elo people realize this. I don't know how many times I've been down in my lane, and my opponent thinks they are fed so they are just going HAM elsewhere in the map while I just farm and farm and farm somemore, until I have 80 farm more than him mid game and own him in team fights and carry the game. Case in point, yesterday I was Singed top lane against a Lee Sin. He destroyed me early game and by 15 minutes I was 1-5. I don't really care what my score is though as Singed, so I just keep farming and farming and farming. I end up carrying the game 17-6, the icing on the cake being late game 1v1ing Lee Sin and completely annihilating him (he even had a GA). Never get down on yourself or give up if you are behind, you can always come back if you have the right attitude and you are a good farmer.   Get on LoLking and look at your statistics and win rates. You will probably have some champs that you absolutely love playing but you have 40 percent win rates with them or lower. Give up playing those champions. I love playing Evelynn, I absolutely love her kit, I feel like I am competent with her and she is so fun to play for me (disclaimer: this is for season 3). I think my win rate with her was like 27%. So I told myself I was done playing Evelynn, and instead looked at my champions that I had a 60% or higher winrate with and decided to get better at playing those champions. Just give up on playing the champions that you are losing nonstop with and get better at the ones that you are winning games with.
0	What they both are is extremists; unwilling to accept any validity to the other point of view. Both bug be when they have to let me know what they think. As the jedi said: only extremists have extreme views and hare worth ignoring...
1	Do you think that requirements to becoming streaming partners making "going pro" prohibitive for newer players? It seems like it would be hard to put in all those hours to get great without any sort of way to make anything from it.
0	I was 14. It was winter time and a few kids from school were hanging out one night. A cute girl and I broke off from the rest, and we ended up laying down on the snow.   I don't know how it ended up with her resting her head on my ass, but it did. I silently farted, and in my effort to not have her smell what just happened, I suggested we get up and rejoin the group. I always thought she knew what had happened, and nothing ever developed between the girl and I.
0	It's true! Fact of the matter is when people respond to, say, an improper use of the word "their" or its homophones with nothing more than  >*there   then of course no one's going to appreciate it. When I see someone make a mistake in grammar or in spelling, and feel brave enough to want to tell them, I go all out. I let them know I'm not trying to appear rude, and try to politely tell them where their grammar/spelling is wrong, and what the correct use is. More often than not it's received well.
0	It's more than that, IMO. WE all need to realize that we don't end the people anymore. We have within the means of this era the ability to ensure that literally all Americans can connect with the world. Politicians, newspapers,  and news anchors were from a time when information dissemination was slow. A big part of the reason America stayed ahead  in the world technologically was because we have always had an efficient method of information dissemination. Whomever motivated the standardization of the World Wide Web, that's when the model changed. We just haven't figured out how to capitalize on it and now even the internet is headed towards becoming sequestered from people so it too can be controlled.  Politicians used to consist of a chain of communication from the local level to the president. Today, it is nearly impossible to direct the leader of our country. In today's world, the impetus is on protecting information.  When I first discovered reddit, I thought to myself, here comes global barter, the end of judges and lawyers, and a redefining of the role politicians play in policy generation. What it has become is a new place to have the same arguments and simply using a different forum in which to battle. Reddit itself is even evolving an idealogical predictability that comes from mob influence.  I only respond because the actual advice mallard is, 'vote for the people who can get the job done,' and, 'the only way to figure out who can get the job done is if we all through literally everyone in the pool an let the winner be decided by redditors in this kind of open forum discussion where bullshit usually sinks quickly and you have access to economists, climatologists, biologists, lawyers, teachers, engineers, zoologists, contractors, developers, web designers, programmers, hackers, inventors. . . Everyone. You people are the ones I want to advise me on how my country should be run.  Right now it's Nestle, Dole, the AARP, USDA, General Dynamics, Monsanto, the NRA, Boeing, JP Morgan, Chase...I don't even really know. Does anyone anymore?  Politicians are a tool to concentrate allegiances and it is cheaper to lobby than to just Cowboy the fuck up as a business and truly serve the people a fair deal and a quality good or service who are going to keep the country running while you summer in the Hamptons. I don't want to know who to vote for. I don't even need a senator or a representative, I just want access to the pertinent information, the ability to make my own decision, and a way to offer that opinion to my president or fellow citizen without anything in between us accept the bullshit meter on this site?  I'm fine with that. Have you ever seen how fast reddit answers a question or challenges the BS? With a little follow up, you can carve out the BS quickly and you can literally ask anyone anything. I don't see reddit get it too wrong collectively very often.  And when they get it right, well, that's a beautiful thing.  We've already figured out how to connect to each other. We need to stop voting for the next monkey-for-hire and them arguing about why things don't work. Out next president should be a group of people from many disciplines that no one has ever heard of before.  So, reddit there's the kharmical golden chalice:  answer the question, 'what should the next national political selection process look like to guarantee the best chance of a positive outcome for all, and what's the name of the app for that?'
0	First of all, don't stress out too much. Even though it is potentially a very important test, having a breakdown on test day will not help you. If you can't do a problem, don't get upset about it, but move on to the next one and come back to it if you have time. The curve they use to grade the test means that you only really have to get like a 70 to get a five on the exam. If your teacher doesn't have you take practice exams in class (mine did), I'd recommend printing one out and taking one. College Board posts old versions of the exams on their website, which you should be able to log in to if you've taken the SAT/PSAT, otherwise, I'm sure your teacher will be able to provide you with a practice exam. Knowing the nature of the exam is important, because it can help you figure out the best way to deal with the time limits and questions in the exam. Getting to know the scoring system helps, especially on the open-ended section. On that section, you need to put down as much information as possible, and only taking a practice test (read: previous version of the exam) and using the grading guidelines that are provided to the graders of the exam while reviewing your work can truly teach you how to answer the open ended questions on the exam.
1	Maybe I put it wrong; I meant to say that most of them have counterplay of some sort in addition to high damage:     Fiora, Akali, XZ, Rengar and Warwick have to get up close and personal,     Soraka punishes casters but not autoattackers (and vice versa for Teemo),     Lissandra and Warwick have it as their ultimates,     Annie has to build up her stun,     Taric's stun doesn't do half your health in damage unless you build AP,     ADCs, Ryze, Zilean and Vlad have no inherent CC attached to their point-and-click nukes unless they get Rylais, etc.       Whereas Kayle (High Damage+Strong Slow), Nunu (High Damage+Strong AS and MS Slow) and Sion (High Damage+Stun) lack that sort of counterplay.
1	Please just add in unique items with abilities similar to Dota's items: Eg.  Force Staff: (Pushes any target unit 600 units in the direction it is facing)   Aghanim's Scepter: (Upgrades the ultimate's of certain champions)   Black King Bar: (Grants magic immunity for 10/9/8/7/6/5/4 seconds),   Ghost Scepter (Enter ghost form and become unable to attack or be attacked by physical damage, but take 40% extra magic damage.)   Skull Basher: (Gives a chance to stun for 1.4 seconds. Bash Chance for Melee Heroes: 25%/ Bash Chance for Ranged Heroes: 10%)   Shadow Blade: (Makes you invisible until the duration ends, or until you attack or cast a spell. While Shadow Walk is active, you move 20% faster and can move through units)   Scythe of Vyse: (Turns a target unit into a harmless critter for 3.5 seconds = Lulu polymorph.)   The only unique items league has that actually has an interesting active is Zhonya's, and GA every other item active in the game are actives that slow the other people eg. Randium's Omen, Rylai's, Frozen Mallet, Twin Shadows, etc
1	In my personal experience playing as Riven. Hard or even matchups are:     Tryndamere     RNG dependant, can really shit on you and snowball if he gets a lot of lucky crits. If you're not winning the lane or Tryndamere is ahead, he can dive you relatively easy once he gets six. Pre 6, you can really shut him down as well. Combo whenever he tries to get a CS and force his spin. Much depends on player skill though.     Nidalee     A good nidalee player who makes use of the brush for movement speed and gets to lvl6 without dieing is good vs riven. her Q damage on low HP targets is really STRONK. I am talking about AD Nidalee (Bruiser) btw.     Tiger Udyr     High 1v1 DPS with tiger and tanky enough to live trough your burst due to his shield.     Irelia     You either need to zone/kill her pretty hard early or she'll be able to sustain your harass and just farm. Can exchange pretty well with you. She stuns you after your combo and whacks away with true damage.     Cho'gath     If you can't kill/zone him enough early game, he'll just become a meatshield that farms and heals up trough his passive. You can shit on him really bad earlygame though!     Gangplank     Tbh, I win mostly vs GPs. But when played right the lane can pretty much go even. His Q has a shorter CD than your E. But you can argue that he runs oom after a while. While you can stay in lane forever with some lifesteal.   I played vs Kennen once and I managed to win. But I think it had more to do with him being a bad player. Generally you should lose vs a Kennen if he plays it right.
0	Shes just going to bang someone else, so its not like you're really doing the boyfriend that big of a favor. If you naturally harbor guilt though then it might be better to just not have it on your mind. Also if you had any propensity to develop feelings for her, then it would be really bad because she would totally cheat on you too.
1	First: I'm level 19, a decent player, but by no means a great one. Keep that in mind as you read my thoughts, as it is important to know what kind of person an opinion is coming from.   My knee-jerk reaction is worry, honestly. Firstly, I don't like where the changes are coming from, their motivation; The video was all 'more accessible' this, 'easier' that, 'dynamic choices' blah blah, 'push in and fight, ignore the jungler,' 'hurhur, minions don't hurt you anymore.' ;p   Making everything easier and more accessible, as well as less punishing for being caught out of position is  not  the way to go. This won't provide balance, this won't even the playing field or anything of the sort. Nerfing minion damage and red buff doesn't reward aggression, it rewards bad plays. Minions do a lot of damage for a reason, and that's to teach a new player not to overextend, the hard way. I'm not saying this patch will drastically change everything for the worse. I see a lot of people freaking out, but I think they're overreacting.   Point is, although there is a time and a place for simplifying or 'dumbing down' things, I don't think LoL needs it; I'd say it already has a great balance of accessibility and skill. It's got a ton of technical stuff, but is still simple to play at a medium level of skill. There's plenty of room for amazingly skilled plays, while still being a fairly straightforward game.   Also, as has been mentioned, the potion change will simply make certain champions with lifegain skills even more powerful, and thus make every other champion less viable. Furthermore, I  like  the laning dance, where you have to play it careful, not draw undo amounts of minion aggression, and trade pokes with the enemy laners. I'm not saying this will go away in this patch, or anything drastic like that, but it makes me somewhat sad that this skillful lane dueling isn't a good or interesting mechanic in Riot's eyes.   On a more selfish level, I was just teaching myself to jungle, and now they go and switch everything up? And right after adding the new masteries which  already  made jungling a lot easier. If I can pick up jungling, others can too...do we really need a complete jungle overhaul to make it 'accessible'?   Furthermore, and sorry for this getting long, but the reasoning behind the jungle changes baffle me. They're saying there are more choices now that jungle creeps respawn quicker: Should I gank, or farm? Well, that was always a choice for the jungler. Sometimes an opportunity arises where the perfect gank is available, so you go do that. I can sort of see the reasoning, since you'll have more creeps to go back to and farm after a gank, but the reasoning still seems a little suspect.   I don't know, really. I like some of the changes, but agree with the people who are worried, and am also quite worried since it seems Riot doesn't quite know what they want from the game. I'm not going to rush to judgment or say this patch will ruin everything. In fact, after everything dies down, I think we could see some interesting changes to the metagame.   Sorry for rambling, I've got a headache and am less than focused at the moment.
0	This started out as a super long post, but I deleted to write it simply. (It turned out long still... oh well.)   I'm 36, I've been shaving my head since 2001.  I've used mega-five-blade premium razors, and rinky-dink bic disposables.  Gone through countless products trying to find the right shave.  And here's where I've landed:   Tools:  Old fashioned Merker safety razor. Platinum coated safety blades (you can buy a box of 100 from Amazon for $9.99.)  Styptic pencils (because sometimes you hic-cup or cough.  or your wife startles you.) $0.99 can of Barbasol   The process: Rule zero: let the blades do the work.  Don't apply pressure against your scalp- just pull the blade along the surface.  Doing things nice and soft-touched means you'll only ever either cut hair or cut nothing at all.   If your stubble has grown out a bit, you'll have to trim it back with trimmers.  Otherwise, you'll gunk up your blade-- but it can be done.   Wet your head with hot water-- or just shave after a good shower.   Apply a thin lather of Barbasol.   Draw the blade across your scalp in long strokes.  I do front to back til just past my crown, starting in the middle and working out toward my ears, then invert the blade and do the back of my head.  Overlap the sides of the strokes like you're mowing a lawn.  Around the ears, I do one stroke around the base of the ear, then feathery strokes radiating out away from the ear.  I wouldn't worry about grain in this pass.   (If you're using a safety razor, remember that the blade has two sides and rotate your razor once in a while.)   If your stubble has grown out, you'll need to do short, feathery, overlapping strokes for everything and rinse your blade often.   When you get to the back of your head, don't get lazy.  Remember, no pressure, just a light graze over your skin.   If the blade starts to stick, rinse your head and reapply the thin lather.   After an initial shave, I'll run my hand over my scalp feeling for left over sandpapery stubble.  I find the grain and just give them a light once-over (against the grain) until it feels smooth.   After all is said and done, rinse your head and analyze your shave.  If the water stings your head, you're applying pressure and scraping skin.  Check your fingers for blood- sometimes you just have little pimples or moles that like to catch the blade.  You'll get used to where they are and take precautions.  Also, sometimes you just catch your ear when you're in a hurry.   Apply styptic pencil as needed.  Just wet the pencil, and rub it against your scalp til you feel the sting.  Then hold it for about four to ten seconds.  Rinse and DRY your styptic pencil, else it will erode into a craggy mess.   That's all there is to it.  Slightly rough stubble will recede as your head dries and return to baby bottom smoothness.   A final tip i'll leave you with: you'll probably shave over a sink, so you have to consider cleanup.  I let the hot water trickle into the stopped up basin and usually finish shaving before the sink fills.  I then drain it very slowly which allows the shavings to stick to the basin.  Once drained, I grab a wad of toilet paper and sop up all the hair and toss it into the toilet, then just rinse whatever's left over down the drain.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.
0	That's a tough one. I had a boyfriend who was... statutorily raped, I guess is the way to put it, by a 40-something female teacher when he was 16. Like any child molester she made him feel special, invited him over to her house for special study sessions because he was so "gifted," flattered him, pushed his boundaries until he was having a full-on sexual relationship with this woman that involved all kinds of kinky shit (and got him an A in a class he likely would have failed otherwise). We dated about five years later and he was pretty messed up in a whole lot of ways.  But the thing is, if said teacher had been a guy, it wouldn't have happened in the first place. If a male teacher had put the moves on him he would have freaked out, reported it to his parents, guy would have lost his job at the very least. But the fact that there was this whole societal narrative in the first place-- what a badass, fucking the teacher for an A!-- was a big part of why he submitted to it to begin with. And initially he was pretty proud, made for a good drinking story, and he was smug that he'd had all this "experience" that most young 20-somethings did not.  ... But then, after about a year after we started dating, it began to dawn on him that in fact  he'd been used, abused and manipulated by this woman, he was likely not the first or last of her class pets, he was not the conqueror. Then he became a full-blown raging alcoholic.
1	The game does grow stale when you get the same stuff over and over again, but players use champs they are comfortable with and seem broken at that point in time because they want to gain an advantage and win.   Once in a while you see single champions slowly creep into that stale mix (Pantheon, Wukong) for midgame dominance or "knock em up for Yasuo" comps. These wildcards are more popular than they appear because they tend to get ban-filtered after successful use for fear of being the one unconsidered wrench thrown into the banning team's proverbial machine.   That's just how it goes: Ban champs you think you cannot deal with and pick broken/solid champs first.     About these champs: >Jax? Tryndamere? Rumble? Kennen? Jarvan?   Jax:     Running a mana champion vs ressourceless champs puts you at a disadvantage because only CD limits their skills--> Dueling can deplete his manapool forcing him to back while the enemy happily goes on farming   He needs more than just a tank item to gain critical mass   Tankrush is the ideal route right now.     Trynd:     Easy access to tank items for his enemies   Enemy can deny his purpose of splitpushing without having to build damage     Rumble:     Gets out sustained by tanks   Cannot build full tank, thus not quite suitable for the meta     Kennen:  Not a tank   Jarvan:  Other AoE junglers got better after spirit stone buffs     /
0	It was the musician Voltaire. We've briefly met at shows and he was in town for a private show, and tweeted about looking for something to do in the area or events. I took a chance and messaged him (it took a lot of courage haha) and wrote sentences like "You should do a fan meet up" imaging a public thing with a couple people.   Instead he mentioned drinks, and maybe dinner. I show up, and we had dinner reservations and it was mind blowing sitting next to him.   You might not even have heard of him, so this story may mean nothing to you... but in my mind he's someone I REALLY admire, so for me it was like sitting next to [insert whoever is super famous and popular right now]. Just crazy, hearing his voice and looking at his face haha.   He was great at answering questions, and surprising blunt and honest which I loved.   I'm thinking he's just a great guy that wanted someone new to talk to, and I'm sure reaching out to fans like that just helps himself too since I'm over the moon and going to keep supporting him forever.   Its hard to get sick of an artist if he buys you fucking dinner and talks to you for a couple hours!
1	This post is seriously so fucking stupid, it perfectly en captures the smug self satisfying personality of redditors. Hurr durr   "So over the past month or so we have heard over and over how to raise elo by just playing one op champ you like."   "Suddenly it hit me on what I needed. First I needed to pick the op champ that I loved"   Suddenly it hit you, where did you get that brilliant idea that is the same fucking thing as what you just typed?   "I'm a bad troll. A really really bad troll. I'm a nice guy what can I say"   Can you just say you're a bad troll, not conclude the reason being you have some kind of overpowering good quality that keeps you from being a troll, jesus fucking christ.   Not to mention the whole thing strays off topic and is a big clump of worthless fucking characters,
1	the difficulty of a game should be in the decisions you make, not in how hard it is to collect information to make those decisions, or how hard it is to implement a decision you've already made"   I disagree (mostly with the last clause). This is true for certain games (Chess and most turn-based games), but for the most part, technical skill is integral to being a good player of the game.  You don't have to be able to move your pawn to E4 quickly or precisely as long as you know what you want to do, but saying "I have decided to headshot that guy" in an FPS should not automatically headshot the guy.  Similarly in League of Legends, instant competition directly against another person makes technical skill necessary.   Deny does, by definition, make the farming aspect of the laning phase harder, because there are twice as many creeps you have to pay attention to, potentially resulting in twice the amount of action you have to take at any given moment.  The counterargument is that not denying allows for a much more aggressive competitive scene, which is one of the reasons League of Legends removed it, but Dreamhack had notoriously passive laning phases...   Also, you say "easiness" of the game is determined by ease of farming: "Hell, if the 'units which can be killed by a single melee attack glow slightly on your screen' feature is true [...] even normal/classic mode may as well be "easy mode" compared to even LoL." This directly contrasts with you saying that having more minions to last hit doesn't make it harder, just "more annoying". If last hitting each minion when there are twice as many minions and twice as much competition for each one is only "more annoying", then why does essentially making there be less competition by removing the "when do I attack?" component make it easier?   To me, it sounds like you don't want to feel guilty about not wanting to last hit minions (which is fine, it's a tedious part of the game, I would argue more tedious without competition of denial).
1	As someone who has been banned for toxicity, here's what used to stop me from raging at a person:     Ignoring whatever they say.  This has taken me awhile to get used to, but some ragers really want to win.  They might be a jerk in some messages, but I find that you can play while seeing their negativity.     Muting the player.  Don't tell them you're muting them.  This just eggs them on and begs for a response. (AFKing, Feeding)     Be the most optimistic person you can be.  I'm not saying to go crazy, but always try to be positive to your team.  This will give them hope that there is still a chance.         For the toxic player:     Never give up.   This isn't the LCS, this is soloQ.  A game can turn a complete 180 in one fight.  Don't forfeit.  You can win any game.     Don't drag your teammates down with you.   They are trying as hard as you are.  If you bash the whole team while they're doing well and trying to win the game, that will just lower team morale.     Type everything you have to say out, and press the 'esc' button.  You will get a feel of venting when you do this.  I did this after I was banned for toxicity two times.  Don't rely on this, try to refrain from this as much as possible.  If you do this too much, you will just get more and more angry and in a quiet way.
0	Cool, thanks for replying. So here's the skinny: I'm 32, always been 'the mature kid' and I basically raised my two brothers, who are both happily married with the cutest goddamn kids. (I give you this merely as preamble/credentials).   Any woman under the age of 25 is  retarded . They're children and you should not expect anything but childish behavior from them. I was like that when I was that age, too. Rash, judgmental, and easily swayed by "What's cool".   Guys do the same, but it sounds like you've got your head far enough out of your ass to put your integrity above coolness. That's A Very Good Thing (tm) and puts you ahead of the game.
1	Yes please. As a jungler, if one of my top or bottom laners lose their tower it gives the enemy so much control as to where they place their trinket ward. Every time I try jungling after they lose a tower I just get invaded by half their team :(
0	Dentist here - I wouldn't feel too bad about it. My patients tend to zone out while I do whatever I have to do and your tongue is designed to always figure out what's in your mouth, so even if you turn off the portion of your brain that pays attention to conversation or basic things around you, the animal part of your brain will still be active. So your tongue was just figuring out whether or not the hygienist's hands were food, poison, or non-edible.   I'm obviously oversimplifying a lot, but
1	talent breeds talent.  I was on the same boat. A lot of my friends have been playing for a while when I started and i naturally played against level 30's. But when i found the game, i recommended league to some new friends and they started playing too. i remember i leveled from 1-10 with my lvl 30 friends and began to play with my noobie friends once they also reached level 10. At this point, I was vastly better than them, even though we were the same level.   Even today, I am a whole league ahead of my friends that started playing the same time that i did.
1	As a former Shaco player myself I think the problem is the slower start at jungling. Before the jungle change you could simply smite big wraith box red kill golems and get 3. In the new jungle i figured asking for help to clear wraith box red and fast clear blue with smite would be a fast way to get lvl 3 and so he still worked after some time.  The problem for me is that the shorter box duration really slows down the speed of getting to 3. The slow from e used to get me a free flash or a kill because it was enough for the fear to proc. Now i have to kinda rely on my mate hitting cc which is often a problem at lower elos as people don't know when the perfect problem to go in is an just wait for you to go in. At higher Elos that shouldn't be a problem. Just my view on things there could be different explanations though.
0	This is 100% true.  Only trust your eyes, not what other people seem to be saying.  I was waved across by a car in the oncoming lane while trying to turn left, and turned directly into another car that I couldn't see because of the guy who motioned me across.  Both cars were totaled. He didn't even stop to see if either of us were ok.
1	Yes, you get dropped tiers if you're at 0 lp and don't play any ranked for 28 days. Also Lp will continue to decay every week after the 4 weeks. How do i know this? It happened to a friend today.   If you go to the lolking score graph you can see the inactivity. She thought once she hit gold she was safe and could sit on it till the end of the season. Funny thing is though. If you play in gold V and keep losing with 0 LP you will not be demoted no matter what. So even if you're an unskilled / had your account boosted, it's actually advantageous for you to queue up every 27 days, as you will maintain your division regardless if you win or lose.
1	I think the main reason is the philosophy that most European teams still cling too.  Most teams have been around for a while, or have been together since challenger scene and qualified together.  Many of these teams are managed by the players themselves, and since they are all good friends you don't just replace a guy to gain a bit of performance in a role.  Since teams are so small and spend so much time together, personality is very important, perhaps more so than other team sports such as Football (Soccer), Handball and the likes.  Korean teams have had professional managers that look at individual performance, team chemistry and synergy for a long time.  They are also aided by coaches, analysts and a wide range of support staff. It is only here in Season 4 that this has really cough in with the NA and EU LCS teams.  If you look at Regi from TSM he was among the first NA managers to really shake up the rooster in order to try and improve the team. More teams have followed with Dignitas being a good example, but we do not as often see big changes in the EU scene just yet.
1	Free Champs you don't own are already not allowed in ranked games.   About the Last Champ part: Absolutely not. There's no reason to ban the latest champ from ranked games, and it's not fair, is people who bought it would not be able to use it until a new champion gets released.   Furthermore, I see no difference whether the champion the guy practices in ranked games is the latest champion or not. If you have a problem with the latest champ, BAN HIM.
1	Pinky-Q, Ring Finger-W, Middle Finger-E, Index-R, I press A with my ring, B with my thumb, I press all of the numbers with my middle and ring fingers.
1	Just don't pick a troll champion into a role. Malzahar isn't a jungler. However, at least attempt to heed what others are saying in regards to team comp. you might main soraka, but an orianna/ziggs/etc would be better to fit your team.
1	Don't forget that Riot operates in multiple countries, so you could have issues with lawsuits being filed in other countries.   If you're an attorney I think you're being a bit too conclusory with some of your assertions and, while I understand you're being tongue in cheek, statements like   >"if you don't think Grunge Nunu is a parody, well then you're a stick in the mud and should be working for some big trust looking for people to sue"   don't really support your assertion that Grunge Nunu is a parody and not a derivative work.   I agree with a lot of your arguments, but not because they are legally and factually absolute, but because I prefer lax copyright standards.   From what I can tell Riot doesn't have publicly filed court cases dealing with intellectual property, so even if the IP owner sued them (and I'd be willing to bet RP that they have been sued) they are most likely settling out of court. Some owners may be happy to settle for a specific amount, some might require licensing fees, and some may require royalties. It could be that we don't see some things which skirt the bounds of CR infringement is because of a simple cost-benefit analysis.
0	As a manager at a fast food restaurant where at least a third of the employees are paid minimum wage: yes.   I always treat the employees on my shift as my equal in all bit authority.  I never yell, never berate, and never treat them as if they are beneath me. I correct mistakes without getting rude or aggressive, I listen to what they have to say, and I always go to bat for them against certain other managers. Nine times out of ten, they will bust their asses on my shifts, if only to keep me from getting in trouble. Hell, I'm pretty sure I could leave the restaurant for at least an hour and it'd be fine.   We have another manager who does pretty much the opposite of what I do. He yells, berates, mocks, acts an ass, and it shows on his shifts. The employees always seem slower, less happy to be there, and more willing to purposefully not finish things in an effort to get him in trouble.
0	On the first day of football practice in 7th Grade, I was clipped by a kid tackling me on my right side, tearing my ACL, MCL, and Meniscus. School refused to pay for my surgery and my family couldn't afford health insurance, which meant I couldn't go to the doctor's office to get an X-Ray or MRI. About 2-3 months later, my parents decided to get me on the CHIP program and I was able to go to the doctor's office. I was told that my leg was in good condition (for a leg that was injured in that way) and they gave me new crutches and brace (Which is a huge step-up from using my great-grandfather's wooden crutches and a Mitchell knee brace from Wal-Mart which cut off my blood circulation in my leg). Unfortunately, even though it is four years later, I still have not had surgery because my growth plates have not closed.
0	It was a real piece of junk. A geo storm. I don't even remember what year model. Somewhere around 10-15 years old when I bought it. It had lots of bondo just really slapped on heavy and unsanded all over the front fenders but I saw the engine wasn't damaged. It was really small and light so the scrappers at auction weren't too interested in it. I made opening $50 min bid, scrapper made 5 higher, I jumped to $80 and he just stepped back and laughed at me. It didn't have a radio and the electrical system had lots of problems. Different lights were always randomly blowing out. But I was 18 and it ran and was a stick shift. I could peel out for the first time ever and I loved it for a few months. It had 140hp. The most I had before that was my moms heavier pontiac sunfire with 80hp. Anytime it wasn't running the battery had to be disconnected or it'd die in less than an hour. The battery melted one day when my brother was borrowing it. He does some stupid things to cars so I'm still not sure if it was something he did or it happened on it's own. My best guess is he tried to jump it and had the jumper cables hooked up in reverse. By then I had a much nicer car anyway and just scrapped it. I later found out they were popular with latinos and I had the higher powered engine. I could have made a bunch parting it out. I really bought it in a bit of a panic when someone ran a red light and totaled my car and their insurance company gave me only a couple weeks car rental to get a replacement. I wasn't going to drop 5 grand on anything without lots of research. That was an insanely high amount of money to me but I also had to do something about immediate needs of getting to school and work. I wouldn't do that now but I got really lucky then. Especially because I never bothered to get tags or insurance on it. I don't know how I managed to avoid being pulled over with no tags and peeling out all the time. If you are going to be stupid you better be really lucky and I think I used all my luck on that one.
1	I need Rito to change Janna's mana costs early game. At level 3 when you have your Q, W and E you waste more than half of your mana if you get a gank and you need to defend your carry with a complete rotation of your spells. Her Q does no damage but it's so important to defend against a Leona, Thresh, etc. So basically she gets punished by doing her job, which is disengaging. I don't have mana issues with her because I run a freaking 5.5 mana regen setup through a rune page, plus the extra mana regen from masteries and ancient coin. It's sad that I have to use so many runes to achieve this but it's the only way I can survive against a very aggressive bot lane team. If they have a Leona, and they push us to our tower and I have no mana left then we are going to die. And the reason why it's sad that I have to spend so many slots for mana regen is because we all know how squishy Janna is. I could give her HP and extra armour instead.   I want to leave clear that I don't go around using my spells to poke or harrass the opponent because that's really a waste of mana and it even puts you in danger of getting picked out of positions, and with that low AP ratios it makes no sense to think that you can chunk your enemy's HP with your spells. I just float around the lane to give presence and use my skills accordingly to avoid my ADC to get killed, and if we are actually the bullies then I try to set up a kill, but this is so dangerous for Janna if we get ganked. You're basically holding onto your spells just in case that happens or also, if your jungler ganks bot lane so you can set up a kill or two for your team.   If I play against a Janna, who normally doesn't have as much mana regen as I do, and I'm an all in support like Leona, I just jump on them all the time to empty Janna's mana pool, since all the damage I'll be getting will be from minions and the ADC. Janna has no damage. Her Q costs 90 mana on level one and has a fairly long CD. They don't want you to spam it but it's okay that when you do have to use it it literally drains your mana? I just don't think those numbers are right. Either I use the shield offensively, for when my ADC wants to make a trade, or defensively for when they are about to get hit and I need to absorb some damage. But at level 1 the shield is not that relevant and you do need to prioritize it most of the time, which greatly increases its cost and then we get back to the same issue. I don't mind not dominating with AP Sup Janna anymore, since I'm all for utility and helping my team, but if the enemy knows what they are doing they can easily lock bot lane down by exploiting this weakness. I just can't make the same arguments about other supports. I have 3 mana regen on Lulu though masteries, same with Zyra, because it really isn't a priority for her and on Nami I have half the amount of mana regen as I have on Janna and it's more than enough to constantly use her spells for disengaging, poking, etc.
1	Nonono do not be sorry! The fact is that you did something a big part of the comunity liked. He is the one we should be sorry about since he can't keep pace with how society works otherwise he wouldnt come here to say you didn't put effort into something. You did and some of us liked and that's what you should care about. He didn't even give you any structured feedback... It is pure bashing and so you shouldn't apologize!   Keep those
0	But /u/IWantToBeNormal ... Is that so much to ask for? Regardless of what normal really is. I am sick of being the nicest most up-beat guy one day. Then in the morning being in a shitty mood about everything.   And that isn't the worst part! Often times I may feel like I have the energy to do something but the the anxiety become overwhelming!! (anxiety is my main problem which is linked to depression)   Or even at work (fast food) I could seem to be the ideal emplyee on service. Polite, professional, and kurt (enough for the managers) but all I really think about after halfway through my shift is going home and drinking to forget how fake I am to these people and the stress that goes with the job.   Oh and then there is school which I am doing well in, but I am only taking two classes this semester...
0	I understand that fine, but sometimes it just isn't possible.  Most folks with student loans and such have some kind of family to fall back on or to rely on.  Some of us have absolutely none of that help or privilege.   When I left school, I was taking 16 credit hours and working 68 - 72 hours per week for a Korean manufacturing company.  I maintained a perfect 4.0 until I took Organic chemistry and received my first B.   I went to my HR manager and requested to be able to leave 15 mins on Tuesday and Thursday in order to make it to my class on time.  I worked 12 hours per day Monday through Friday and then 8 or 12 hours on Saturday.  They refused to allow me the 15 mins on Tues and Thurs.   Of course that was one of just many setbacks, but it came to the point where I had to decide whether I wanted to eat and have a roof over my head or if I wanted to go to school.
1	Nocturne is not really much of a support jungler, rather a  Carry Jungler , so since the AD component of Aegis got removed, I don't really think its viable anymore.   Locket of the Iron Solari   Stats: +425 health  +35 armor +10% cooldown reduction +10 health regen per 5 seconds Active: Shield yourself and nearby allied champions for 5 seconds, absorbing up to 50 (+10 per level) damage. 60                second cooldown. (600 range)   As you can see, Nocturne does not really benefit from this item. Aegis used to be a good buy since it gave you 10 AD and an aura for your team plus good stats for a jungler. Solari's active is not bad, but you shouldn't necessarily engage head first as Nocturne.
0	The headphones inventor?
1	Like you said, in this game there is no tactical advantage to spending money so if you don't want to spend money don't. I have two accounts. On one, I have spent over $500. I have every champ, and I have skins for my favorites. I do not have any advantage over any other players except for those whom I outplay. My $500 did nothing to make me better.   On my second account, I have not spent a penny. I have every 450, 1350 and half the 3150 champs. I also have one rune page for every major role. With those and the free week champs, I have enough to be at least useful in draft mode (normal and ranked).
0	This will get lost but...   After people start having kids and divorcing it flips for any male who has a decent job.  Women realize the errors of choosing deadbeats and any successful male spends their time flicking through the messages of interested women.   My dad is  just teacher and he had his pick of the litter.  Can't imagine what the dating scene is like for an Accountant.
1	My tip to you (and this had helped me SIGNIFICANTLY) is to play one game (whether win or loss) and take a break. During this break, analyze your mistakes and what you could have done better. If you're frustrated from a loss, do something to take your mind off before queuing again. By playing in intervals, you reduce stress and in my opinion, I feel as if I have more of a chance to win. Been playing about 1-2 games per day and won about 8/11 of them.
0	Because he's entitled to better treatment than the others.
1	the annoying part though is when you do everything you can to let them get the last hit and they walk away or cancel the auto, or are going to die if you don't kill the person.  And then you take the kill because otherwise it's lost gold and/or your adc dies, and then you get flamed for "ksing" and being a "noob support".   You're right it's not nearly as uncommon as it used to be, to be praised if you're doing well, but you're probably not going to get much credit for the 14/3 jinx when you pretty much spoonfed her 10+ of those.  And you're much more likely to get flamed and blamed when your adc is doing horribly despite your best effort to try to get her to stop hard pushing the lane after 3 successful enemy ganks or stop walking directly into the enemies and letting themselves get chunked for 50+% of their health.  And then get flamed for not engaging when he/she is at 20% health because you know for a fact it would just bait them into going in, dying, and feeding the enemy more gold.   On the flip side, it really sucks when you have a support who takes every single kill, competes for cs with you, and then flames you for not having any damage once teamfights come around.
0	You don't push your children down. You don't elbow them in the stomach, you don't leave bruises, you don't hit them in the face, you do not do these things as a parent. That's abuse. Spanking your kids? That's not abuse...to a certain point. My mom would "spank" my brother and I until what she was using would snap in half (be it wooden spoons, switches from the woods, paddles, boards, etc). That was abuse. Punishing your children is not abusing them, but hurting them is abuse. Being spanked never scarred me, but being pushed into walls, hit in the face, grabbed so hard i was bruised and treated like a punching bag when my mother was angry is what hurt my self-esteem and psyche.
0	I worked for a large chain sporting goods department store, in hunting and fishing. We  had  to make contact with any customer within fifteen feet of us within fifteen seconds of seeing them. Bill fucking Dance could be standing in one of the lure aisles and I was supposed to ask if he needed any help.
0	Certain organisms will excrete toxic wastes that cannot be denatured or broken down even with heat. On example is Clostridium botulinum. It will excrete its waste in left out pasta sauce. Reheating it will leave the toxin still viable, and you'll end up with food poisoning as a result.   I can see mold having similar toxins (depending on the type).
1	I don't think globals are toxic in the game, there is counterplay to let's say a shen ult, you can take his turret most of the time and it has a long cd, tf's ult is balanced now that he has to dissappear from the lane giving the mid of your team the oppurtunity to call mia or to see him via wards. Take out the global ults and things like Kassa and Nida will be the next one being changed cause they have the second most strongest mobility in the game, the next thing will probably be things like laners with strong mf buffs and boots of mobility getting nerfed, you don't want to start that, believe me. Still i believe your idea is pretty good, you'd have to rebalance Ohmwrecker though and that will probably increase the total cost of it leaving the jungler to buy it and stabilizing the "locket meta" on junglers preventing any individual ideas for jungler builds.
0	Yes, report illegal labor practices and find somewhere else to work.  Do not work for an employer who rips off their employees.  They will find another way to do so, usually with the standard "you're just not on the schedule this week" until you quit.  If you're not skilled enough to find another minimum wage job, get some skills.  Work at a damn factory if you have to.  Hell, some places are more likely to hire you if you have food service on your resume, as it shows you can work under pressure.   Report them so they can be investigated.  If you provide proof to the DoL, you WILL get compensation for unpaid wages.   Much better than sucking it up in hopes that somehow the magical funding fairy starts making better budgetary decisions.
0	It's not worth $40M yet. The price of the renovation is targeted to be $40M.
1	First, I want to say that I am not a very good player, I am only silver V atm, so all of this may only work at this elo.   Second, the build. Normally on Kassa you go tear, catalyst and then ROA.   My normal build on Kassa is tear, blasting wand, so I have at least 80-90 AP at lvl9 and then I finish ROA. 2nd I buy seekers and finish my Zhonya. After that, whatever is neeeded. If you need more tankyness, go for Rylai's, if you are doing good, go for deathcap or voidstaff.   Now, the laning phase.   Pre6, it is going to be hell for kassadin, because he can't spam Q that much. But after 6(most likely 9, so your Q is at max level), if I survived without dieing untill then, I jump on him first, QE and then back. Then, I try to roam, because his silence, being longer range than mine, makes him dangerous. But he won't jump you unless you are close to him (at least that happened to me), so if you either roam or stay away and cs with Q, you won't have any problems.   Teamfights:   It's been 15 mins, I have ROA, sorc and a blasting. I'm not really in the phase of "Now you see you're carry, now you don't". At these early teamfights, Talon will be a bigger threat than me, but he won't focus me, because I am much tankier. So, when he goes in on someone, silence him as soon as you can, and then burst him down. Or even better, if you can catch him somewhere before the teamfight and kill him, it will be easy.
0	I had a professor who, at one point at the end of the year, passed out an attendance sheet saying "I won't answer questions about antibody diversity from anyone who isn't here." I figured it was no big deal for me since I was front and center of every class.   After that lesson was over, the sheet stopped coming around. I was already accepted into professional school, and that school asked me to stop by to fix some things up for next year. I told her I would be out of town on Monday, and if there's anything I need to worry about "Nope, just get the notes from someone." No problem.   After I got the notes, I stopped by her office hours for help on the material that I missed. She tried the whole "You know what I said about missing class." I told her that I had not only informed her that I would have to miss ONE class, but I sat at the front row in front of her desk. Eventually, she decided she would help me out.   HOWEVER, I paid $1000 for access to the professor and material. I don't care if I missed every fucking class all fucking year. If I walk into your office hours and there's NOONE else there, you WILL fulfill your obligation as a professor and help me on the material. I can't STAND professors that will go on diatribes about students not wanting to learn and the punish students because they judge them as not worth of their time.
1	Mate, you fucked up your A-levels but by the sounds of it, since you were doing 4 subjects, your AS levels must have been decent. The following is assuming you can't get a place in a college 2014-15   I've got 2 options for you that I think you'll like   1)Apply to a new college for 2015-16. In the meantime study For resits of various modules you did sub optimally in at AS. Revise up on these and neaten them up. It'll give you something to focus on and will keep you in the academic mindset. You don't have to be in a college to take the exams (just find one to sit them at), and since you've studied for these exams before you just have to use online resources and the revision aids you should already have from last year. Come into the 2015-16 year fresh (though depending on how old you are when you start you probably won't be able to study at a sixth form). Drop one subject so you take three and make this year count. You should have even higher prospects this year because you spent a whole year retaking modules.  Try to find a part-time job in the meantime cos sitting around on your ass half the time will be expensive - also resits cos money. Getting one will probably take time, but if you're just looking for a part-time job you should eventually find one.   2) Going back to the point about you already having done these exams, you should have all the revision resources from that year, but instead of fine-tuning your AS levels then going back to a college for A levels, this time study at home and do them yourself, drop one subject if you need to. This will be harder, but honestly You CAN get good grades. D's and E's mean you at least got 40-50%, so you definitely know the basics. All the resources are available online, you just have to look for them.  Apply via UCAS yourself. You should already have a personal statement from your application this year. If not, then make one again. UCAS have loads of aids to help you write one up. Again, you can take the resits at a college without actually attending. I know loads of people who've done this. They all really got their shit together.   Downside to this is that you'll depend on clearing because of your low predicted grades  but i know people who've got into top 10 universities through clearing. If you work hard enough there are usually enough vacancies for top 20 Unis for people who've got good enough grades. You just have to get those grades.
0	Incoming cool story:   True story: I was swimming in the Atlantic Ocean a few weeks ago, about waist-deep, near an inlet to the intercoastal waterway. Well, after just sitting in place for a while, I turn around and there's this bigass blog shape in the water behind me.   My first thought, naturally, is "SHARK. THIS IS NOW I DIE." So I do what any sensible person would do, and freak out. The thing turns around quick and with one flipper swims off.   Turns out I scared away a manatee who wanted to come say hello. Felt bad for the rest of the day.
1	Ok for clarification, I'm trying to re-explain this to you guys, since some guys didn't really seem to get what I was talking about.   So [THIS]( doesn't make much sense to, me since I don't know any person that actually types in something like "fighter" to filter for specific champions.   Instead, I thought something like  [custom item sets]( where you can just tag specific champions the way you want.   And then you can go to "Champions" and select the tags you've set:   [Something like this]( roles and maybe a tag for personal needs, in my example tank, but it can just be something like "favorite champions" or whatever.
0	Most people can think back to those one or two teachers they had that really opened their eyes and made them realize their potential.   Now think about all of the teachers you've ever had (hint: it's probably higher than 40 in a standard US education). That means that 38 out of your 40 teachers were either forgettable or outright terrible.   Now that we've established that the vast majority of teachers aren't life-changers (which logically just made sense to begin with) we can come to the realization that many kids never had a good teacher throughout their entire academic career.
1	In solo queue bruiser mids have always worked. Talon, panth, jarven, lee, gp all snowball pretty well due to their early game and with mids not having high base armor and not putting masteries or runes into armor makes them really vulnerable to these types of bruisers.  Yet I don't see this working in pro play too much, with a bruiser top and mid and an adc that is just WAY too much ad damage. The jungler and bruiser can now just stack armor and health and not have to worry about magic resist. Now it might work with a support ap carry bot which I saw Azubu Blaze do once. They ran AP kennen/Sona bot lane but that was just one game during an ogn. This was also with a traditional AP mid.
0	Actually, people who need to lose weight need to eat more, in most cases. There is a reason why people who only eat a meal or two a day don't lose weight, it's because their metabolism gets all out of whack and their body hinges on those one or two meals a day for all their energy. If you eat every 3 hours or so, your metabolism keeps burning calories throughout the entire day, rather than going through the peaks and valleys that one or two meals a day would put it through.   So long as you're eating healthy (lots of protein and veggies; complex carbs like whole grains, broccoli and sweet potatoes & unsaturated fats like almonds, olive oil, avocados and salmon) and exercising regularly, your body will naturally lose weight.   It's not a magic pill or a potion, you just need to set yourself up for success with discipline and planning. For example, I cook all my meals for the entire week on Sunday to help stave off any temptations during the week. When I get hungry, it's easier for me to grab something from the refrigerator than it is to go down the street to the fast food place.
0	mental illness is a scary topic for a lot of people since they liek to think that people have a "soul" and it's what causes their personality but confronting mental illness requires people to admit that that's false, and to confront the fact that who we are, is governed by chemicals and weird shit going on inside our brains.
1	maybe, not entirely sure without doing calculations, it'd really depend on:     what level you were     what hero you were (different base mana depending on champ)     runes and masteries     passives etc (i think ryzes ult gives him mana? not sure)       But overall it's a much better choice to stack archangels as you have a much larger mana pool/regen (more spamming skills) and its also cheaper than rabadaba.   Found this quote on league wiki   >To gain more AP from the  Archangel's Staff than a single  Rabadon's Deathcap (which gives 182 ability power if alone) a champion would need more than 4567 mana. However, a champion would only need 3167 mana for the  Archangel's Staff to provide more ability power than a second  Rabadon's Deathcap.
1	who said anything about whining??? Agurthewise, nice username, lol,  anyway whether u want to admit it or not pal league of legends has a huge amount of trolls and idiots hidden amongst the nice players being able to avoid these people with maybe a player rating system or some kind of solution would be nice as i and alot of other players do not enjoy wasting 30 minutes after 30 minutes because of people who, and this happens a lot easily a couple of times a day if u play enough, decide they are going to troll before the damn game even starts. iv lost count of the amount times iv seen people say they want mid or top or jungle or whatever or they will troll pick/feed. the team then gives them that role and they go on to feed anyway due to being the kind of player that rages after one death and instantly loses focus, or we dont give in to their obnoxious request and they go on to troll/feed, either way its a blight on the community and gives it a bad image, its a great game and the community does have alot of great peoples, but at the same time way too many assholes than can troll and ruin ur game whenever they see fit.
0	This is actually a very complex question, and at least outside the US this is very hotly debated, with fanatics and hate speech on either side of the argument.  What it boils down to is this: Should your wages reflect     The necessary income to be a productive member of society (i.e. raise and educate children, afford a domicile, afford healthcare, pay into some pension fund)     The gross economic value of your work, i.e. the minimum amount I have to pay as an employer so at least one person with the required skills is still ready to accept the job for the pay.       Option 1 would have obvious benefits for society as a whole- no more lower classes, everybody gets education, everybody can realise their dream of an "adequate" life (a very German dream, as compared to the American aspiration of becoming billionaire superhero NBA and rock star). On the other hand, which entrepreneur wants to invest if you have to demand 20 dollars for a burger because there's an artificially high minimum wage? Would the job then not simply vanish to some place where burger flipping is cheaper (you laugh, but consider a manufacturing job)?  Option 2 will assure that investors money stays in your country, and everybody will get the best (world-competitive) investment possibility at all times, since all businesses are free to drive wages (and therefore prices) down to the global minimum (to the point where even Bangladeshi children will sneer at the paycheck). However, while wealth is shifting and new equilibria are being established, people in countries with a very high return on investment (those that have high-profit industries such as design and sale of consumer electronics, complex industrial products and machines, and a mature service industry) will find that as a burger flipper, you can barely afford two paracetamol a day against your crippling, untreated back pain, your trailer is 50 miles from your place of work, and your children deal drugs by age 5.  Obviously pointed examples, but the question remains valid- what do we want as a society? "Fair" wages for everyone, essentially punishing entrepreneur for investing in their own country, or a free-for-all that, at least in short term, benefits solely investors/ high-margin industry, and the people in the 3rd world whose living standard would actually rise with a 3-dollar-per-hour job.
0	I know Leitey, basically, as terrible co-worker finally quit and his wife celebrated along with them (she worked with them).
1	Its a little weird with minions cuz you don't have time to reposition if you want to anymore but I think its a really good trade off since its soooo reliable on champs now. You don't need a second ult or e to get any remaining orbs popped, you just crash into them and the orbs just detonate into them right after. Overall just the ability to get all 3 orbs off in pretty much any situation is great, not just for the reliability but also since the shield stack/refresh is an important part of the ability and the cool down doesn't start until all 3 orbs are gone.
0	Are people just coming to the conclusions now that every single meme focused on a person is an objectification of that individual, taking all rights of their likeness & using whatever context they see fit?   Where the hell were you when people were degrading Bad Luck Brian?   Did you absolutely feel that Scumbag Steve, "deserved" to be treated like an asshole just because of the way he dressed?   How many eluding-towards extremely racist jokes does it take to speak out against the use of Successful Black Man, Asian Father, Rasta Science Teacher, Ordinary Muslim Man, or Redneck Randal?   You think Butthurt Dweller deserves it because he's, "most likely an internet creep anyways"?   10 Guy will be 10 Guy for the rest of his life because of Memes. Imagine having to be 10 Guy for the rest of your life.   Third World Success is the most objectifying meme of them all, yet there has been no rally, no attempt to salvage the rights and likeliness of a child of Africa who you don't even know is alive or dead.   Why is it that individuals always understand their rights only when they are impeded on & never when they are imposed on others? There is a patriarchal narrative that exists in reddit, yes, as there are a bunch of dudes on here with nothing better to do than figure out where to apply rule 34. The use of any and all memes are a complete objectification of an individual, absolutely. However, women get no priority on the scale of objectification just because they feel that the use of a meme becomes the continuing degradation of women everywhere when the basis of memes are the objectification of everyone and everything for the internets entertainment. There is no moral objective to memes; when individuals insist that a moral objection must be taken, then you seek to do nothing more than censor entertainment. If you believe that type of entertainment is morally deplorable & seek to change the memes, then get into /new & do the manual labor it takes to make Reddit what you wish for it to be. If that is a terrible notion, then dont use memes. Use this collective objective energy to create your own, Original Dawkin notion of Meme, get out of the history of 4chan, & change whats popular with progressive & positive action. There is no limit to what new form of popular culture phenomena can be created, but nothing can be accomplished by complaining about objectification when that is the very foundation of the genre.   Dont like that anyone can be objectified anywhere at any time? Then get off of  facebook * of saying,  How do you not understand that you are being objectified right now?   [It was my privilege.](   Edit:  By popular request,
0	Excellent, your username is the
0	2001 is when I really can start to remember my early life.   Born in 1996, I can remember pre-school just barely. So, 1999? I was early for school. I can remember kindergarten a little. I remember parachute day. First grade was 2001, thats when I remember seeing George W. Bush driving passed our school. It was a "big deal" to the teachers. I remember his speakers on his bus coming on and his voice shouting "I hope your teachers are teaching you well!". I told my parents and they laughed, I didn't know why.   I don't know how I came to this story. But I was born in the 90's. I'm a 21st century kid by memory. But I belong to the 90's. You can't change my birth year. How ever, I never really thought it was a big deal other than "Man I wonder why I was born then and not some other time in our universe". Those un-answerable questions BUG THE SHIT OUT OF ME.
1	Deft's damage output and his own lane mechanics are amazing though like he's constantly 50-70 percent of his team's damage and has great positioning. He and imp are like the two best AD's in the world. Clearlove is inconsitent in when he's good or not (sometimes he just never shows up on the map n all) but regardless Deft does enough to win or go even. Meiko and CL mainly just back up PawN in the lull of the game or gank for Koro to get him an advantage so he can get ahead enough to bully. Meiko also is good but his control of the lane is kind of odd when he roams so much and he also doesn't do a lot of things that say Mata or Heart do in that he isn't amazingly strong in lane which is where Deft comes in and Deft has a good knowledge of trading and wave control which is why I think he's the carry in lane and his damage output is absurd in team fights which is also why I think he's the carry outside of the lane as well.
1	theres also like 3 times as many people playing league than dota, and i've found the more popular a game, the more often you'll see a troll. Example: Battlefield bad company 2 was never immensly popular, it was successful and has a solid and devout fanbase, but it wasn't stupid piopular. I think I only encounter 3 trolls/assholes in that game, ever. However Battlefiled 3 and its counterpart COD (insert yearly game here) ARE immensly popular and also have huge and devout fanbases, and every game has at least one troll/asshole. This is also combined with the fact that nearly every aspect of DotA is completely unbalanced, and the only thing that keeps the game balanced is that everyone is unbalanced, which makes the game fun to watch, sure, but even less noob friendly than LoL is with its shit community, simply because they just won't be able to play the game against the other players. So to only introduce one aspect of DotA into LoL will completely unbalance the entire game and allow the already frequent trolls (due to the games popularity) to have a field day and ruin the game for those who actually enjoy this. A good analogy for DotA vs LoL is mario kart vs Forza; both racing games, but I wouldn't use anything from Mario Kart in Forza because it would basically ruin the game for those who enjoy the subtle skills of Forza over the action packed chaos of Mario Kart. Basically the only way to implement these "interesting concepts" that are held back by the name of "anti-fun" would be to implement them all at the same time, but then it would be impossible to balance the game (or very difficult) as it would be hard to determine which of the 20 things you added is the root of the imbalance, and it may take weeks for the game to be playable if you wanted to play the game intelligently.
1	1st Round   mMe 2-0 TSM. This is where I predict an upset. TSM will simply not try hard enough to win, they seem way too over-confident right now and I think mMe is good enough to punish that.   Curse 2-0 TSM Evo. Evo is simply not playing that well right now, Curse is the strongest they have ever been.   CLG 2-1 Legion. Legion was good at IPL Facedown but they seem wealer now, and CLG doesn't seem that strong right now either, But I expect CLG to be able to perform much better against NA teams then against the Asian teams they have been playing against. Every one of CLG's lanes is mechanically better than Legion's, especially bot lane, and I don't think legion have a good enough cheese strat to overcome that, but they might, so I predict a 2-1.   Dig 2-0 TD. Dig has said they where holding back at Raleigh, and they still beat TD in 2 out of 3 Bo3's at Raleigh. I think when Dig is not holding back, TD will simply not stand a chance.   semi finals   Curse 2-1 mMe. Curse beat mMe at Raleigh, and I think they can do it again at PAX, but this has the potential to be an amazing series and could go either way.   Dig 2-1 CLG. This one is tough to call, and is sure to be a good series, but Dig seems a bit stronger than CLG at the moment so I think they will win. But still, it will be close.   3rd place  CLG  ?-? mMe. this one is far too tough to call, I think CLG has a slight edge, but mMe is still a strong team and definitely has the potential to beat CLG.   finals   Curse 2-1 Dig. Again, really tough to call, but I feel like curse deserves to finally get a lan win after having the MLG win stripped from them so I give this to curse.
0	don't worry dude. There is nothing nefarious or crazy about that. It's clich but true: girls tend to feel that way faster than guys. At worst maybe she feels she likes you a bit more than she really does. Nothing to be concerned about, she sounds great actually.   And don't feel that you must absolutely return the words, because that would be dishonest and neither of you would gain from that (think short term vs -possibly!- longer term gain.
1	This one time in solo queue our mid zed was 12-1, I was 4-0 as Ashe. We were ahead about 20k gold, and he tries to surrender. He said he doesn't feel like carrying anymore and wanted out of the game. Since we all declined, he goes to the fountain and starts dancing. I kept trying to encourage him, but he just kept trying to surrender. He hadn't said much except for complaining about carrying. When we are at the match history/stats screen, I ask him why he didn't just help us win the game and why he didn't listen to me making play calls and he says, "when I want to engage, you engage, when i want to go baron, we baron, etc." But the whole game he didn't make any calls.
1	Boxbox has these flashy soloque moments so often in the front page of reddit. It really is nice, he's such a positive guy and seems to have tons of fun. I really hope he inspires people to play with more positive energy, well I guess this is just wishful thinking, but giving up and getting mad in soloque really leads to nothing and still it happens in EVERY game.
1	I baby say mid and top(bottom was wrecking shit so no need to go down bit), both lanes ended up losing. How? Because bot got a double we went to drag, next thing I know mid and top both dead..... We took drag and then bot and I pushed mid, backed off because we had wards and saw a 3v5 coming our way.  Top and mid just then got to mid lane and went in 2v5 under there tower, after we explicitly said "do not engage them" "double kill" for enemy ez.  At this point I had to B no health. and bot tried to hold turret 2v5, taric died(miscommunication, I pinged back off the tower missed and pinged there ez he went in draven ran) and draven got away, they took mid tower.  We were 4v5 under our mid inner tower, they engaged, we won team fight got ez and Ali. Rest had to run. We pushed mid out, Elise went back top, got caught out under there tower trying to "split push" they took too before we could get there(we had just taken mid) Ez was at that point I believe 6/4/3, and went from 30 cs behind to 10cs ahead. They refused to team fight kept getting caught out. I was mad.  Lost my promo.  I know I made mistakes that game and I know it's not completely my teammates loss, looking back the replay I found mistakes I could have avoided, 1 death I could have avoided, 2 missed kills, 1 dragon chance, and 2 chances to steal enemy buffs, and 1 chance to hank hot and help them steamroll farther.  Maybe if I had done those things we could have won. I'll never know, but I shouldn't have to play that flawless in order to win a team game. I feel my teammates should pick up my slack as I pick up there's.   Sometimes it's hard not to blame your teammates, as sometimes I believe it is there fault, there are plenty of game I lost for my team, plenty that I've been carries to a win, and plenty that I've carried. Sometimes it is your team and it always sucks knowing that you never had a chance that game. :(
1	I can't donate to Kickstarter, but I would like to donate.
1	After losing a very discouraging ranked game and dropping below 1200 elo, I somehow brought myself to start another one, which was the best ranked game I've ever played. I jungled Udyr, and with every successful gank I said "gj" to my teammates (I normally do this) and they picked it up and  said it back to me and themselves . Throughout the whole game we were communicating well and complimenting eachother on plays done right, and bracing eachother even when things went wrong. We won, and I congratulated the team on such a positive attitude. Game in a million, that one.
0	u/anonymusprofessional is right. And scientifically speaking it's better if you keep your goals to yourself as just telling someone your goal gives you the same chemical response as actually completing that goal.   In college you need to go to every class, stay away from thirsty Thursdays, frat parties etc. and make the right kind of friends that are going to support your study.   Or not, have fun, and end up right where you were before, like me, a 24 year-old college dropout.
0	Right, reddit proficiency test.  Okay I haven't read the comment section yet but I'm going to guess everything without looking.  Somebody reply and tell me if I am right.   Firstly there will be several different threads with one sided arguments frim Europeans and British commonwealth people talking about not just how Americans spell things wrong, but that they do everything wrong.  Mostly centered on temperature scales, pronunciation, education, health care, and treatment of foreigners.  The arguments for this are going to be based on strength in numbers, historical proof, practicality, and general dislike for all things American.  Of these arguments only historical proof will be counter-argued effectively and some people may exclaim that they learned something today.  Commonwealth countries will be rarely begin any argument, they'll generally follow a british person.  Though they will begin several threads by explaining that their country does various things "correct" as well.  I have very little doubt that the most common of these comments will be Canadians who will simultaniously distance themselves from their southern neighbors to the south.  The arguments will have a few Americans in them as well but they will either profess their dislike of America on this and broader subjects, or will attempt to claim that the primary problems stem from the south or republicans. God am I forgetting anything.  Oh right, there will be a few threads about politics within America sucking ass or just jabs at fox news.  Some british people will jokenly claim that they will one day reinstate the british empire to correct the various problems within their "colonies", but this will only be a half joke and they will feel a momnet of lacking in national pride at the thought of their past and distant glory.  It goes without saying that circle-jerking will be the primary form of the threads and very few actual progressive discussions will occur, this is reddit after all.  hopefully I've been here enough to be fairly correct with mu predictions otherwise my last few years on reddit will feel like a big waste.
1	Dude, you used "
0	I kind of agree with this. Except take gender out of it. If there is a stay at home partner and a working partner yes I do think the stay at home partner should do a larger portion of the household daily chores but I still think the outside the house working partner should contribute to household chores even if it is smaller quicker jobs like garbage removal or picking up after dinner. And, if kids are involved, the outside the home worker has to understand what a full time job that can be especially at certain ages and not come home and think they are done and ready to sit on their asses.   FYI I work outside the home and would jump at the chance to be a stay at home person and honestly feel that cleaning up on say a 70/30 ratio would be a small price to pay for that luxury.
0	Oh, what's that? You think I'm not a real woman because I'm a lot thinner than you? Bitch, please. I lift heavy boxes all day long without a care in the world, and I can walk ten miles straight without a problem on a really good day. The only days that aren't good days are the ones I happen to be "sick". All the while you're stuck on your comfy couch, unable to do much more than walk for fifteen minutes without a break. Oh, you're just tired from your long days work sitting down at the office? (Note: I'm not implying that office people don't work hard. Actually I know a few that work even harder than I do.) I spent nine hours on my feet doing physically oriented work, trying like mad to keep up with all of the work coming at me. After I went home, I still decided to walk a few blocks for my soda, because why the fuck not? You might be tired from working all day. Hell, you probably are. But if you're going to let that stop you from at least trying to move a little on the weekends, don't go blaming me because I'm the one who just got wolf whistled at and told I had nice legs. Get a life you say? I have a great one already, thank you very much. Do you have any idea how nice it is to realize you just took six hours to figure out you woke up with a cold because the only symptoms you have is a little extra bit of tiredness and a weird stuffy feeling in your head sometimes, and maybe a runny nose if it's a "bad" one? Your cold wasn't even the flu (at least that's what she said her doctor told her) and yet you were stuck home from work for an entire week. You really think being overweight isn't a problem? Can't you see how it's affecting your life, how you're slowly destroying yourself from the inside out by refusing to admit you have a problem? Of course not. Denial doesn't allow for that. You'll have to reach an ugly breaking point before you do, and it either won't happen or will cause quite a mental turmoil for you when it finally does. Oh, well. There's nothing I can do about it if you won't listen, so rather than take your shit I'm just going to avoid you and let you do your thing.   Yeah, I know someone like that too. And yeah, I'm a little bitter about it. She was a great friend until her ego swelled up. At least I had the sense to move away when I realized my involvement would only hurt me in the long run.   Now, that's not to say I think all fat people are in denial and need to rethink their lives. My mother has been trying her hardest to lose her weight, and is somehow managing to do well despite being on a medication that makes losing weight almost impossible. I'm also not saying all skinny people are healthy and happy like I am. I knew a skinny girl in high school with some of the worst depression issues I'd ever seen, and most likely anorexia or bulimia. All I'm saying is that I wish more people would pull their heads out of their asses and think for a second before they start taking their problems out on other people.
0	Yep! Forget buying a house in the Boston area if you don't have a combined income of at least 125k. Child care is easily 2-3k a month if your job doesn't provide or subsidize (depends a lot on the city, too). For some, it makes more financial sense for one parent to quit their job to stay at home because their salary goes directly to child care 100% (or doesn't even cover it after taxes).
0	Haha no, I don't live in Virginia, and from what I know from my friends who live in the area, they aren't friendly. And, to boot, they don't like the military (SO MANY military in that area).   Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent hiring standards are a big problem with some LE departments around the country. For example, I have a graduate education, military experience, and I'm a female, and I had a difficult time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I moved back to Florida, which is where i'm originally from, you don't even need a college degree (you many need some credits, but that varies). It was the "good old boys" that patrolled, and from what I remember, there were SO MANY MORE cops in Florida then there are in New England.
1	Sit next to her and it'll be so easy to teach, i've taught/introduced plenty of my friends to League of legends (both guys and girls) what I've noticed is people really get into the game and learn how to play it if you sit next to them, or show them how to play, both guys and girls adapt and learn at the same rate, no black magic required.   I went over to a friends house who only played 4-ish games and is very new to Moba games, somethings some one has to see to know how to do, he'd click very slowly and click his spells, didn't know a few things (not that it's a bad thing, everyone starts some where, don't laugh at her) Once he saw how i held my hand over the keyboard, how many times i'd click to issue a move, how i'd use my spells, i'd tell him what i was thinking as i was playing from what i could see in my screen, it gets a lot easier, i tried to teach a few people over skype, it's pretty hard, telling them what moves and how to use it.
0	It's not about money, at least not directly. It's about wanting to do things together. I don't mind paying for it. Also, surprises and trips don't have to be expensive. And we're nearly 30, should be able to afford something by now, the time of living on ramen and grilled cheese has been over for a while.   I typed out a whole response to someone saying that I seemed to want all kinds of expensive things because I was a woman and that it was sexist or something, but apparently that initial comment got deleted, together with my reply. Or I'm just too stupid to find it :)   So to clarify: I am the only one making any money in this household. I have been providing for us for the last 5-6 years, to the point of getting him a job (by hiring him) just so he would have one. He now does some work, but still not a lot, and he sleeps in, plays games and goes out to drink with friends nearly every day, while I'm working around 80 hours a week, spending all this time behind me computer.   Now, I don't mind the sleeping in and the games and the drinking, I'm happy he has friends and has time to have fun. But it's not really fair to me, I'm pretty much carrying the full responsibility for our lives here. If anything happens to me (I'm self-employed), we're both out of a job, and that's a lot of responsibility to have.   So what I want from him after spending 80 hours a week behind me computer, is to get out, do something together, and just relax. I can't relax just staying at home, because then I still have the cooking and cleaning and bills and everything waiting for me. So I like to go out, or on vacation. That way I can tell my clients that I definitely won't be in, because if I stay at home, I'll still feel obliged to take the job, because "I'm not really doing anything, I can relax later".   I've offered to pay for the trips/dinners pretty much every single time, but he'll only ever join if we're going somewhere he has friends, so he can go out with them, he doesn't want to do anything with just me.   Partially understandable, because we're both home all of the time so we see plenty of each other, but that's exactly the reason I want to get out more, to do other stuff together, so I don't just associate him with work and chores and stress (because that's most of my time at home). And I would like to go out to other places than the same old bar every single time, because we've long outgrown it, but he still keeps going back there all the time and pretty much refuses to go anywhere else.   And then it partially is about money, because all of the money is coming from me, and it's starting to feel like he's actually costing me money. Because he is... By me having to pay his salary, and him losing out on a bunch of tax benefits because he doesn't make enough to have to pay any real taxes. And then by me buying nearly all the food and paying a lot of the bills.   I don't mind sharing, if we both had full-time jobs, working hard, and he made less money than me, that'd be fine, I'd just pay a bit more. But now I'm working pretty much 24/7 *and* paying for everything, and that seems like a bit of a shitty deal. Especially if he then spends any money he gets on cigarettes and drinks or presents for himself and doesn't even get me a birthday present.   He asked me what I wanted a few times, because he had thought of something to buy me, and I said: I'd rather just go someplace or go out to dinner or something (which would cost about the same), and the response I got was: Yes, but then I have to go too... That's so much trouble.   He does buy me flowers every now and then (mostly when I've been away for a while), so it's not necessarily that he isn't thoughtful, he just doesn't want to put any real effort in.   Edit: Wall of text,
0	Something similar happened to me except we dated long distance for two years. She lived in the town I spent my last years of middle school and my entire high school career, all my friends were here and I was itching to move back any way from the moment I left. I got back and I thought things were going to be way better now that I not only had friends but had such an awesome girlfriend as well.   It started off great and we would see each other pretty much every day and then after about 3 weeks we stopped hanging out for any notable length of time, maybe like an hour or two at most. Then one day she calls me and tells me she's moving to New York with her sister out of the blue (still don't know if that was true or just an excuse) and we break up. I loved her.
1	I actually reported an ex-friend for ELO boosting via email to Riot, supplying screenshot evidence. When they verified the facts, he was banned from the game until JUNE 2100. For those not into math, thats 88 years.
0	My dad is a Special Ed teacher, and when the same thing happened to me in first grade (except with reading not math) he asked the school to do an IEP and got me placed in a different class with an awesome teach. Probably changed the course of my life.
1	Just hit source and copy and paste what I have below (including the ---)     BATTLE OF THE ATLANTIC :     All vs Dig 2-0       TSM vs LD 2-0       aTn vs CLG 2-0       Gambit vs Vulcun 2-0       C9 vs Fnatic 2-0     Total: NA vs EU 2-3     S4 WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP :     TSM vs SK 1-0       SK vs TSM 1-0       LMQ vs FNATIC 1-0       FNATIC vs LMQ 1-0       C9 vs ALL 1-0       ALL vs C9 1-0     Total:  NA vs EU 3-3   Teams in Quarterfinals: NA 2 EU 0     ALL STARS PARIS 2014 :     C9 vs FNATIC 1-0     Total: NA vs EU 1-0   Teams in final bracket round: NA 1 EU 1     IEM KATOWICE 2014 :     C9 vs FNATIC 1-2     Total: NA vs EU 0-1   Teams in second round: NA 1 EU 2   Teams in final: Fnatic(EU)     IEM COLOGNE 2013 :     Fnatic vs CLG 2-1     Gambit vs C9 2-0       Total: NA vs EU 0-2   Tournament winner: Gambit(EU)   Teams in final: Gambit, Fnatic(EU x2)     S3 WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP :     TSM vs LD 1-0       LD vs TSM 1-0       Vulcun vs Fnatic 1-0     Fnatic vs Vulcun 1-0     Gambit vs Vulcun 1-0     Vulcun vs Gambit 0-1     Fnatic vs C9 2-1       Total: NA vs EU 2 -5   Teams in quarter finals: NA 1 EU 2   Teams in semi finals: NA 0 EU 1(Fnatic)     GFINITY LONDON 2013 :     Crs A vs aAa 1-0     Crs A vs Giants 1-0     Crs A vs Dig UK 1-0     Crs A vs CW 0-2       Total: NA vs EU 3-1   Tournament winner: CW(EU)     IEM KATOWICE 2013 :     Crs vs MYM 0-1     Crs vs Gambit 1-0       Total: NA vs EU 1-1   Tournament winner: Gambit     IEM SINGAPORE 2012 :     Absolute Legends NA vs MYM 1-2     Total: NA vs EU 0-1   Teams in final: NA 1 vs EU 1   Tournament winner: MYM(eu)     MLG DALLAS 2012 :     Dig vs CLG EU 2-1     CLG EU vs TD 2-1     CLG EU vs TSM 2-0     CLG EU vs CLG 2-1       Total: NA vs EU 1-3   Furthest in Tournament: CLG EU     S2 WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP :     CLG vs SK 1-0     CLG EU vs Dig 1-0       Total: NA vs EU 1-1   Teams in Semi finals: NA 0 vs EU 2     AZUBU THE CHAMPIONS 2012 :     CLG EU vs CLG 1-0     Total: NA vs EU 0-1   Teams in Final: CLG EU(eu)     MLG SPRING 2012 :     mTw NA vs CLG EU 0-2     Fnatic vs vs 4nothing 2-0     TSM Evo vs SK 2-0     TD vs Crs EU 2-1     TSM vs CLG EU 2-1     Fnatic vs TSM Evo 2-1     TSM vs Fnatic 2-0     TGF vs Crs EU 1-2     CLG EU vs Orbit 2-1     CLG vs CLG EU 2-1     SK vs Wolfpack 2-0     SK vs 4nothing 2-0     Crs vs SK 2-1     Fnatic vs TD 1-2       Total: NA vs EU 7-8   Teams in final: NA 2 vs EU 0   Tournament winner: TSM(na)     IPL LAS VEGAS 2012 :     CLG vs aAa 2-0     Total: NA vs EU 1-0   Tournament winner: TSM(na)     IEM WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP 2012 :     Fnatic vs Dig 1-0     CLG vs aTn 1-0     CLG vs M 1-0     Dig vs aTn 1-0     CLG vs aAa 1-0     CLG vs Fnatic 1-0     Dig vs aAa 1-0     TSM vs Sypher 1-0     M5 vs Crs 1-0     M5 vs TSM 1-0     SK vs Crs 1-0     Sypher vs Crs 0-1     TSM vs SK 0-1     M5 vs CLG 2-0     Dig vs aAa 2-0     CLG vs aAa 2-1     Dig vs M5 0-2       Total: NA vs EU 10-7   Teams in final: NA 1 vs EU 1   Tournament winner: M5(eu)     IEM KIEV 2012 :     TSM vs SK 1-0     SK vs Crs 1-0     M5 vs Dig 1-0     Sypher vs Dig 0-1     aAa vs Dig 0-1     SK vs Dig 1-2     M5 vs TSM 2-1       Total: NA vs EU 4-3   Teams in finals: NA 1 vs EU 1   Tournament winner: M5(eu)     WCG 2011 :     Dig vs MYM 1-0     Dig vs Rageface 1-0     CLG vs Redbyte 1-0     Chicks Dig Elo vs Redbyte 1-0     Chicks Dig Elo vs Mil 2-0     Gameburg vs CLG 2-0     Chicks Dig Elo vs Gameburg 2-0     CLG vs Mil 2-1       Total: NA vs EU 7-1   Teams in final: NA 1 vs EU 1   Tournament winner: Chicks dig elo(na)     IEM NEW YORK 2011 :     Fnatic vs CLG 1-0     Fnatic vs TSM 1-0     Fnatic vs Dig 1-0     SK vs Crs 1-0     SK vs V8 1-0     Sypher vs Crs 1-0     Sypher vs V8 1-0     SK vs CLG 2-0     Sypher vs CLG 2-0       Total: NA vs EU 0-9   Teams in final: NA 0 vs EU 2   Tournament winner: Fnatic(eu)     IEM GUANGZHOU 2011 :     CLG vs M 1-0     CLG vs SK 2-1       Total: NA vs EU 2-0   Teams in final: NA 1 vs EU 0     IEM COLOGNE 2011 :     TSM vs Myr 1-0     TSM vs aTn 1-0     TSM vs M 0-1     CLG vs Fnatic 1-0     CLG vs SK 1-0     TSM vs Fnatic 2-1     CLG vs M 2-1       Total: NA vs EU 6-1   Teams in final: NA 2 vs EU 0   Tournament winner: CLG(na)     S1 WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP :     EG vs Fnatic 1-0     EG vs aAa 1-0     TSM vs Gamed 1-0     CLG vs Gamed 1-0     aAa vs TSM 2-1     CLG vs Fnatic 1-2     CLG vs Gamed 1-0     Fnatic vs EG 2-0     TSM vs aAa 0-2       Total: NA vs EU 5-4   Teams in final: NA 0 vs EU 2   Tournament winner: Fnatic(eu)     WCG 2010 :     SK vs CLG 1-0     CLG vs SK 2-1       Total: NA vs EU 1-1   Teams in final: NA 1 vs EU 1   Tournament winner: CLG(na)     ESL SERIES SEASON 8 2011 :     LLL vs CLG 1-0     Tictacs vs CLG 1-0     TSM vs Tictacs 2-0     TSM vs LLL 2-1     TSM vs SK 1-2       Total: NA vs EU 2-3   Teams in final: NA 1 vs EU 1   Tournament winner: SK(eu)     CORSAIR VENGEANCE CUP 2012 :     TSM vs Teamless 2-1     TSM vs TCM 2-0     TSM vs LLL 2-0     SK vs TSM 2-0     M5 vs TSM 2-1       Total: NA vs EU 3-2   Teams in final: Na 0 vs EU 2   Tournament winner: CLG EU(eu)     OVERALL TOTAL:  NA VS EU 62-61   OVERAL FINALS:  NA VS EU 13-21   TOURNAMENT WINS:  NA VS EU 5-10   BEST WORLDS  PERFORMANCE:  NA VS EU 1-3
1	The thing is he just can't recover account if it gets stolen credit card or something else, it is impossible for Riot to prove he didn't have the account before.
0	My uncle likes to tell the story of how he ran from the cops once. Maybe he'd had a bit to drink, maybe he was speeding. Either way, he wanted to avoid the stop at all costs.   There was speeding. There was reckless driving. And then there was a school zone, and my uncle... stopped. Pulled over and let the cop come up to him.   Of course, the officer was... not pleased. First he asked why my uncle had run. No particular reason, of course. The the cop asks why my uncle had stopped. "You were way ahead, I was about to call off pursuit!" My uncle explains the school zone, how endangering kids wasn't worth the getaway.   Cop runs his name, finds no warrants, writes him a minor speeding ticket and sends him on his way.
1	You couldn't be further from the truth. I was at both IEM 2014 and All Stars 2014 and boo'ing of KT Bullets was minor (I didn't actually hear it when I was there and found out some people boo'd from reddit). On top of that it was in the heat of the moment since Gambit was huge crowd favourite, they were losing hard that game and managed to get, what seemed to be, impossible comeback just to get backdoored (which was brilliant move from KT's side btw).   On the other hand, French crowd was very calm and quite compared to IEM crowd (again, talking from perspective of a person who was there live at both events). Lots of people around me were playing on their phones or hand-held consoles and the only times they were cheering was when teams made  really  good plays or when they were shown on the huge screen.   They boo'd C9 HARD, both before, and especially after the lost game vs Fnatic and they also boo'd them when they were coming out to play vs SKT. Non of that happened in IEM.   Don't get me wrong, event is great so far, but compared to IEM I have to say there's noticable difference in energy levels and crowd engagement. I don't know if on stream sounds more pumped during All Stars, but it might have something to do with placement of microphones.
1	I think one of the better examples of power curve/ transitioning of early game play/plan transitioning to an entirely different plan/play would be renekton. IMO he has probably top 3 best kits in terms of damage output and playmaking which starts from level 3 and then slowly fades roughly at the level 11 mark.   Think about it; he has nearly as much damage output (possibly more than) a riven at level three (because renekton is much easier to push the damage with because his combo is straight forward doesn't require a timing pattern nor is it multiple skills chained together like riven.) so early game you just either bully them out and get an advantage or you flat out kill them and grab one damage item early (assuming you're winning and not against someone who out scales super hard) then you transition from being one of if not the best lane bully into a wave clearing tank.   Renektons biggest weakness in my opinion is that he indeed falls of damage scales super hard late game relying more on being that "body blocking" in the middle of a team fight getting sun fire and his aoe off while using his W to cc an important target (if you're on the team that's ahead/initiating. Or he can become a strong body block/ source of peel/ armor shred to improve your ad's damage output through his empowered E.   I personally don't care much about power curve; it's more about my comfort in the match up (I.e. I'll play nasus into riven if my team seems competent and I have a jungler I know can snowball a bottom lane or mid because nasus top against riven pulls jungle help like no tomorrow because they want to stop the farm and it's actually difficult for riven to kills nasus in the early levels as long as he's intelligent enough to not overextend for a single minion stack. But if I'm not entirely sure what my teams capable of I'll play the crocodile just to be able to snowball myself to have a better impact on the outcome of the game.) best example of this was my renekton vs maokai top; I knew my support (duo) in bot lane isn't a super aggressive player; so I knew my chances of teleporting down to help in fights wasn't thag great (because I know this guy will disengage an run like a boss) so I snagged ignite in soloQ.) anyway hecarim jungle comes top because I've already gotten maos flash and have him at 40% hp no pots when I hit level 4, we go for a quick dive that works and I snag first blood; back up to finish pushing this last wave And their panth jungle jumps me with double buff; hecarim is on the ball as he recalls in the brush; I land a solid stun; hecarim does his weird knock back pushin panth to me; e-q-e ignite for an easy double. Build early Tiamat into merc treads (double ap comp) and proceed to take the tower and snowball myself up to 11/2 by the 19 minute mark. Other games I want to brainlessly sit top lane for 20 minutes farming Q stacks until I can suddenly to into bot/drag and basically 2 shot their adc.   All in all I think power curve is more reliant on 3 things; your team composition (which I won't discuss other than to say it helps to not go all super late scaling champs because you have no early game pressure but going all early/mid is okay as long as you all know to push and end quickly.); 2 I think it's all about match up; because you don't necessarily want to pick a late game super scaler into someone who can snowball off their early game damage and continue to build 75% damage and wreck (riven/panth are two top examples): 3rd power curve can let you cover your mistakes easier. A renekton will let you make a positioning mistake and you can escape or possibly even get the turn around trade just because of his strength in the early stages; so a good "solid" curve will let you make a minor mistake that won't cost you; whereas if you make a position mistake on say nasus it will allow your opponent to push further ahead (making their damage higher and pushing your power curve into a long ramp up period)
0	I feel like all the guys here saying that they see no humor in farts, surely have never had a girlfriend and think they'll find one here by letting people know they are the "perfect boyfriend". It comes off a little desperately.
1	we make the rules in order to keep this place organized and on topic.   Anything that relates to League of Legends no matter how big or small it is, is on topic.   So why do we need 20 different subreddits for things that arent allowed if they're on topic?   LoL Fanart is on topic but it's essentially been forced to its own subreddit where as it should be allowed here and if people only want to look at fanart they can go there.   The sectional subreddits are the ones that should be filtered, not the main LoL subreddit.   Everything should be welcome on the main LoL subreddit and if people are looking for ONLY fanart they can go to LoLfanart. To essentially ban fanart on the main subreddit and tell them to post it elsewhere is idiotic.
1	Early on? Not sure. I don't think so though. Her full level 6 combo (without any auto attacks) is (lvl 3 e=170)+(lvl 2 w=160)+(lvl 1 r=300) + (lvl 6 ignite= 170) = 800 (170 of it true damage, 2 different healing debuffs). Plus the idea is to jump right behind them so you can buster shot them towards your turret/outer wall so they have to run past you, even if they flash, which lets you easily get off at least 3 or 4 auto attacks (which would be around 80-90 dmg each) for ~1120-1160 dmg. (Kog Maw has highest base health of ad carries at 6 -- 944 -- but they usually wont be full health of course). Obviously these numbers aren't taking resistances into account. Either way, Ignite would often be overkill. And let's not even get into whether or not you can push them into turret aggro.   Kinda late so I don't want to figure out Corki's burst. That being said, I can't say that Trist's is better, only that it's fantastic.   The passive on her e (which pushes her lane) seems to be her only drawback early game (and her range when against caitlyn, like every other ad carry). But it's a positive in the situations where it is advantageous to push. If you ward the river well there is not much danger in pushing the lane because of your w and it makes it more difficult for the enemy to last hit, but makes it harder to engage (which you can still do fairly low level, definitely by 6, if you make sure you get the kill/assist so that you can w back out).   Then when you get to late game and have ie pd lw and a 90% asp boost for 7 seconds (2.1 asp total iirc) and the longest base range in the game, which starts at level 13 I believe, plus your w for positioning (which resets on kill/assist) you are a fucking  GOD . I don't understand why she isn't played more. Perhaps because high elo/pro games don't usually make it to late game (total speculation) and this trickles down? I don't know, I watch a fair amount of streams and don't think that's exactly accurate. But she is Soooo good late game and such good early burst to get her fed. Damage like kog maw but much safer, as she has an outright escape (w) plus r (which damages 1 target but can push as many people back that are in its radius). Tristana is god-like in my opinion. I really don't understand why she's not played all the time.   EDIT: I bet Corki's the better carry midgame though, when tristana is transitioning from her laning phase (magic dmg burst) to late game (aspd buff and items to a lesser extent, because it's not hard to rack up kills early).
1	hehe, well I must admit, I don't.   I might get a lot of hate from fellow Armenians, but the Armenian genocide that happened in 1915 by the Ottoman Empire was not committed by the living Turks today, so why should I hate people that haven't committed any crimes.   I hate their government (current and past), that's for sure. But never the people. In the end, I just sit and think, if I was a Ottoman empire soldier, and I was given the order to commit a genocide against the Armenians, would I have gone against my orders and become a traitor, no, I don't think so.   Things have a complete different perspective from each side you look at this or any subject.   Also I blame my nation, the Armenians, although very smart and hardworking people, haven't seen this coming. Happened more than once in the Armenian history which is really ancient. If only the Armenians spent a bit more time and money to build a strong army instead of a thousand amazing churches, perhaps the Armenian lands wouldn't have been occupied by the turks today, and perhaps the genocide would have never happened. but oh well.
1	What were all thinking: yes, you are correct, you probably should take over clg and be a pro. Also, maybe you weren't playing the game? Its not the same playing and watching. Maybe he thought "damn I'm taking a lot of physical damage I better grab armor and hope my support can grab wards since I'm a carry and I need to not die" not "WARDS SUXX I DONNEED THAT SHIT"
1	It just does not appeal to me because for 30 minutes to an hour they just bash whatever team they feel they need to bash. They call out problems and harass whatever team they wish for x amount of time. IMO, this is unprofessional and shouldn't be tolerated by teams/players.   Their job is to call out problems and point out issues with players, this is a thing that happens in sports. Not everyone is good, if this game is supposed to be competitive, players doing badly shouldn't be praised or ignored.   > The players/teams are what make this whole thing go round. Players have to go through quite a bit and be put under thousands of fans and critics pressure every day. So having an entire, somewhat popular show just bash them is NOT OK.   This is a thing that happens in a competitive environment, if a player doesn't want to deal with that, don't be a pro. Yes, sometimes people go overboard, but holy shit, what do you expect in a competitive game?No one's saying, "The Detroit Lions are a great team, don't say bad things about them to hurt their feelings!"   >
1	For Top lane: If vs a strong laner early like Renekton,Riven or high poke like Jayce,Ryze get Lifesteal quints and AD Marks vs easy lanes like Kha'Zix i use full Armor Pene marks,with AD Quints and CDR glyphs.   Early game: Start with Doran 90% for good trades,get doran shield if vs Jax or any other poker or strong auto attacker.First back take 2 doran again(2 Dblade's or 1blade and 1 shield).At this point try to kill the enemy laner,as you are rly strong if you catch a double q. If enemy laner is staying behind his minions and away from your leap range,Just jump to a minion and slow them or root them then unleash your damage   Mid game:At this point you must have your Tiamat(1st rush after doran's),you farm easily and do a lot of damage too.Try to take kills,but also keep in mid for kill chances at mid(u can easily gank with your ulti). After you finish your brutalizer,you can also roam at bot to kill the adc set him behind and even try a dragon   Late game:You have your full damage potential unlocked,you can Kill any carry alone or even his support(avoid 1vs2 if they have CC like Ashe or supp like Leona,Morgana).Ward enemy red buff and wraiths,usually adc's lurk there,they are free kills.Also roam and split push bot more often(adc's tend to go there a lot to farm too :D )   My usual build is this:3x Doran start(3x DBlade or 2xBlade 1x Dshield) -->Tiamat>Brutalizer>Yummu's> from this point there are a lot of paths   Full ArPen(Ryan Choi style):>Tiamat>Yummu's>Last Whisper>Black Cleaver>Hydra>Trinity   Off tanky rengar(can't remember the players name -_-):>Hydra>Yummu;s>Black Cleaver>Spirit Visage and then depending on game another defensive or offensive item   off topic:Alex ich's Hybrid Pene tanky rengar(other high elo EU players use that) Hybrid Pene marks,2x health regen quints,1 armor quint,mix of health/armor quints and CDR/lvl glyphs or MR if vs Magic damage,and his build is usually Sunfire,Visage,Trinity,Omen+situational,maxing W(tanky stats+heal) then Q or E   My preffered full build:Hydra(1st for the keybind),Yummu's,Black Cleaver/Last whisper>Sword of Divine(3 crits active)>Spirit Visage>Tenacity boots later Zephyr
1	It saddens me deeply that all the responses I got were 2 trolls.   If you look at my lolking.. all you see is Nidalee games where I am considered to be "feeding" and get called on for reports.   Why? Because I followed this [guide]( read it, understood it, and learned from it. I didn't go > I can only build and act the way he has shown me   No. I took what I didn't already know from  experience  and synthesized it into my play style.   I've literally spent the entire game just building my team up, healing, and warding...  I simply use the ignore function as intended and I can't see the words.   Out of sight out of mind.   I hope one day we will realize. And you will follow my lead. I inspired two friends (re: [stayript]( and [spurdy420]( the other day and they've since gone on HUGE win streaks being positive.   What other proof do you need? That mental illness becomes more pervasive the closer we get to each other? That Eastern cultures supporting one-ness and community fair [much]( better than Schizophrenia in Western cultures.   Heck.. The Japanese stayed isolated for hundreds of years during its Feudal Era. Sure they came right into the 30s and 40s and messed us up but... Have they not changed?   Are Americans and Japanese not much friendlier than they once were?   Would you keep ties with someone that just bombed two of your cities?
1	Exactly. This is the catch with any game.  Progression , In some games it depends on your gear or your gold but in League its all about the outplays or the amount of skill you have. Why would you cheat in a game where all that matters is your skill?? Botting or hacking in grinding style games after a certain point is really common especially in WoW but hacking / cheating in a game where the only thing that matters is how well you know your champion and the other champions and how fast you react, it dosent make sense to hack in such games. Be it DOTA or LoL or SC2. Its stupid. Its worthless. Its meaningless.   The only reason I play LoL is to keep all those sexy and awesome outplays in my mind, be it my enemy or me. The point of League is to learn and keep learning some new tricks and tips that contribute to that outplay. This is the whole point Riot stream LCS or all the pro's stream thier scrims / solo queue. The whole point of loosing is to get close to winning. Its understandable to rage or flame if you loose, thats what human's do, thats what sets us apart from all the other living creatures. Emotions. But to resort to plain cheating to never loose. Thats some deep bullshit right there.   Sorry if its too long I just wanted to get things off my chest
1	Dude. Not trying to be arguing with you, but if your gonna post something, dont expect everyone to agree with you. If someone disagrees, just ignore them, or take what they said into consideration. I understand the problem you say, cause i always have to play in the bot lane, due to the problem you stated. But if you aren't gonna expect to get comments that go against your claim in one way or another, try posting stuff that takes all perspectives. Thanks for understanding! Just learn from mistakes.   (
1	I think a lot of people forget W isn't just 8%hp as true damage(even the examples in the OP). W also procs a flat 60 true damage.   Some crude, on the spot comparisons between Vayne W and a typical AD caster ability:   Vs a 2k hp squishy this would mean she does 240 true damage every 2.5~ seconds. 240 true damage to an average lvl 18 with about 100 armor is equivilant to about 360 physical damage if it were mitigated by 33%(100armor). This value only gets higher on moderate and then high HP targets. 300 true damage on a 3k hp target which is equivilant to about a 450 physical damage ability if it were mitigated by 33%(100armor).   To do 360-450 physical damage every 2.5 seconds is pretty retarded, considering a 300 AD renekton(lol) would do about 630 every 8 seconds with an  empowered  Q. With these figures Vayne could dish 1080-1350 physical damage in 7.5 secs(aka 720-900 true damage over 7.5secs).
1	It's not that Warmogs is OP and too good of and item to pass up. Its more that HP stacking is the best defensive stat in game since the penetration changes. And what better item to get for HP stacking than Warmogs, the highest HP item in the game? Oh and FYI Warmogs on Urgot isn't uncommon of a build. He's more of a tanky anti-carry ad caster.
1	Riot usually does this because the servers are too occupied with regular games. Running a game for one player and ten players takes up roughly the same amount of resources. If you let ten players all play customs with one player it takes up a lot of server resources. If you let ten players play one game together, you only use the resources for one game.   I wish they would implement solo games where you can play offline too, but then this could be used by hackers to make the game non-dependent on Riot.
1	This is wrong.   >Hi!  We don't do reworks based on pick, ban, or win rates. Prioritizing work based on numbers alone would be rather silly.   We do reworks when champions have a play pattern that, while sometimes fun for the player playing as the champion, is very hard to balance in the playing against case. Case in point, Xerath:  a good player on Xerath could stun an enemy and kill them before the stun wore off  late game with some reliability. Tweaking numbers on a kit like that means that you  either HAVE access to the 100 to 0 play pattern or you don't , and when you don't you feel bad because you don't do all that much else.  Secondarily, sometimes our older champions don't deliver as well on their gameplay fantasy as they could. Again, Xerath: he's supposed to be this incredibly skillful magic sniper,  but he gets armor so he cares less about keeping his distance than other squishy mages, and he gets spell pen so he doesn't even have to fish for those hard to hit squishy kills in the enemy back line.   There's a longer devblog coming but this is the
1	This became a problem in World of Warcraft in late WOTLK and it was an abuse of the MMR averaging system. Basically, you guys get 2 people, both of which tank their MMR down to as low as possible (Like 500, you start at 1500) and then the 2 500 MMR players Queue for 3v3 with a 2.1k rated player, and the MMR is averaged out, so they end up facing players with 1600 MMR and stomp the living crap out of them.     The worst part of it was, that Arena rating gains were so insignificant at ALL levels. That you would gain THE SAME amount of points for stomping this said 1600 team that you would for facing an MLG winning team. Meaning that you could stomp new players all the way up to Rank #1 and get the rewards for being "The best on the server" without actually facing anyone good, at all, ever.
1	I can't say I've tried Nautilus support, but I have played against it a number of times. From a squishy support's perspective, Nautilus is pretty scary. His base damage is really good, and he has CC up to ying-yang. I actually found myself more scared of Nautilus' damage than of the AD's (in the laning phase, that is.)   Also, his most important tanking ability, his shield, stacks on a stat you should be building a lot of as a support: bonus health. One of the major differences with jungle Nautilus is that you don't get to build a lot of items though, so your tanking capabilities are less than if you were jungling. However, he is still quite tough to take down for a support, and his early game damage is straight up scary.   There are a few "downsides" I have found.     His Q seems to have a larger hitbox than Blitzcrank's (someone correct me on this if I'm wrong), so it's harder to fire those precision skillshots past or even between minions, and hit. Also, while it's an excellent gapcloser, it doesn't displace the enemy champion as much as Blitzcrank's. In some situations, this can be a difference of life or death both for yourself and for your target.     He brings the exact same utility to the team, including way more tankiness, if he jungles. Also, his kit is awesome for ganking, so you could call it "a waste" to spend all that potential on just one lane. Roaming is of course an option, but it's a very risky one unless you're significantly ahead, and your AD can 1v2 quite easily.
0	As a guy with ADD, and received ADD medication in 7th grade, I can say that it really helped me, not just with school work, but with myself. Do I think medication is right? No, not in all cases - as soon as I got out of high school I stopped taking it, because I didn't want to be dependent on it, but really that was a personal choice, not a medical one. However, those few years while I was on medication helped me so much in developing good habits, coping mechanisms, and other things.
0	Very similar to my situation; took over closing shifts at a fast food restaurant 2 days a week, and all my employees were surprised at how hard I worked to make sure they weren't overwhelmed with big nighttime orders, and helped them with their closing duties, because the other closing manager would just sit in the office and play on her phone and not help until it was time for her to cashout and lock the doors.   After they saw the difference they started respecting me and listening to me more. That, and because I try to make sure everyone on my shift is in a good mood, whereas the other manager could care less about crew morale.
1	While lyandris is probably the best item in the game for velkoz, rylais is really really inefficient. 3 of your 4 abilies proc the double damage, so you dont need the slow to use lyandris efficiently. You dont need bonus health. Vel'Koz has one of the strongest kiting kits with his q and e, so if your positioning is good, you will only need protection against burst, not sustained damage. Both zhonyas and banshees do that job way better. This is leaving us with the slow. Slows stack in a way that the strongest slow is applied fully, while the second slow is reduced by 40%. Also, both your q and e slow, so you wont need rylais for kiting. The ap is nice, but there are way more efficient items to buy to get ap.
0	You can pay for a community college education and living expenses (with roomates) with a minimum wage job.      If you do well there then the scholarships and grants will come rolling in if you decide to transfer to a traditional four year school.       Even if you don't do stellar, you will be able to get a decent job with your associates degree that can pay to put you through the rest of a four year.       Also, if you go to a community college you will become and independant which means that you will be bombarded with free money for being broke.
1	I think your friends are an absolute minority from /r/starcraft. I've been following starcraft since 2+years and I can tell you that most of them would sell their sisters to a sex dealer if it could make deezer's life miserable.   Players are role models and mostly in SC2 if any of them missbehave, they will get punished by their team strongly.  Hell, saying gl hf at the start of a proleague match is enough for you to get kicked out of the tournament.
1	Some patches ago, there was a QoL tweak to Kat ulti where it would be instant cast time. Lets just assume Kat has a level 3 ulti with 100 AP just to make this math easy. (Not accounting for resistances)   lvl 3 R: 750 base + 2.5 AP = 1000 AP damage over 2.5 seconds.   Channel time total is 2.5 seconds.   1000 dmg / 2.5 sec = 400 damage/sec   Average human takes 0.25 seconds to react to what they see. So that's 100 damage instantly.   On top of that, take into account ping. If you have 100 Ping roughly as do most people on east coast (I get 75-90 average) then that tenth of a second delay of the game reacting is another 40 guaranteed damage.   So, in the time it takes you to react, you are already missing 140 HP.   Accounting for the rest of Kat's combo (at lvl 18) on a single target which can be casted very quickly altogether, is totalling 810 damage at 100 AP. Also, as a tip, Kat W is basically off cooldown by the time your ulti is interrupted which accounts for another 200 damage.   Per example in that video, even though the Kat player had messy combos, low health targets are anyone below 1000 HP and as good as dead. Cue the RESETS!
1	Sounds like a way to bench regi w/o actually benching regi.  Sounds good to me!  He's good for the team, but his actual play has been leaving much to be desired.  TSM is one of the best teams in north america and as such need to be able to compete at a global level -- unfortunately the assassin heavy mid leaves regi squashed so often early/mid game.   People rave about faker and the eu mids, and in order to compete with them you have to be on the same level with them.  Unfortunately Regi is not.
1	I think what's trying to be said is:   The Korean teams have more professionalism during tournaments. Where professionalism is required. (I'm not saying confidence is a bad thing, CLG as my prime example, confidence is great, but over confidence will be your downfall.) However in Solo Queue streams, it's good to sit back and have fun, call people out and have a laugh.   Honestly, watching the Azubu Blaze Match was one of the most fun tournament games I've watched in a long time. But I'd rather watch Scarra or Phantoml0rd stream, they have fun and make me laugh (2 examples, I know there are a ton more).
0	Somewhere in between. Funk has the accent on the 'one' (so if you count with the beat you get 1!-2-3-4 1!-2-3-4) whereas disco uses a "four to the floor" beat with the emphasis on the 2 and 4. Uptown Funk does both. Disco beat with the emphisis on the 'one', which still makes it funk.
0	blb should be a bool.  The blb variable also gets initialized to the same value twice.  herLove being int is a weird way to define if she loves you or not (but it does put the odds of her loving you incredibly small).  In romance(), there should be an else if instead of a second if statement.  The code relies on replies being case sensitive ("YES" != "yes").  Main's herLove doesn't get assigned by the return value of romance() (big bug).
1	even psychiatrists, which I think are the most highly valued to esports organizations- aren't common in e-sports.   It's a risky investment given how expensive that would be relative to amount of money in esports.   You can probably get an all-star lineup for the price of a fulltime psychiatrist.  So for teams, its not a matter of do they think it would help the team, but more a matter of:  do I want to sign Rekkles or book for 15 psychiatric sessions team, that may or may not improve my teams performance
0	That might have been the worst part of college. I was a CS major, so the chances of having that guy in each class was super high. Reminds me a bit of the asshole ratio on Reddit, honestly.   I had one class where "that guy" argued with the teacher about what caused a famous space probe to cease functioning. They argued about the programming language, which neither of them could correctly identify and even so didn't know the language in detail, for forty...five...minutes. It was agonizing. The best part? The slides we covered that day (also another great part of college) were the contents of most of the next test.
0	Here's another possible angle, having been an overwhelmed grader for a period of my life:   Your friend's first version of the paper really was C-worthy. The teacher was disappointed and thought your friend deserved a chance to put some more time and effort into doing their very best on the assignment. Two weeks later, your friend turns in the "revised" version of the paper, and the teacher is already over-whelmed with work because the class has moved on to new topics and assignments.   The teacher, looking for a short cut, thinks that all the effort your friend put in to making revisions is worthy of a better grade. No need to re-read the paper. The exercise of revising was merit enough. "A+ Exactly what I wanted!" the teacher writes. "That should encourage him, and now he'll put more effort into the next assignment."
0	Contact your head of school's secretary, tell them you're doing a project on some bullshit, and ask for the policy that requires or facilitates mandatory attendance. I did at my university, then contact every head of school, then the chancellor and their vice, then policy department. When I was absolutely positive that no such policy existed, I wrote an open letter to the board of directors of my university.   In this letter, I outlined my findings, and explained that teachers are enforcing mandatory attendance and failing students who would (if they hadn't of missed two or three classes) passed with high distinction, who are then forced to retake the unit. I had obtained the statistics of failures due to attendance and calculated the whopping multi-million dollar figure of how much extra the university had scammed by teachers making up their own illicit policies.   I stated that I will go to the media with these figures, and personally orchestrate a class action law suit (yes, law postgrad here) against them seeking compensation for lost earnings of six months per student along with reimbursement of spendings for course and materials over again should they EVER allow a teacher to state such an attendance policy is by any means acceptable or in place, or should such policy EVER be drafted.   It is clear if you are passing a unit you are attending as many classes as YOU, PERSONALLY, REQUIRE. We are individuals, we shouldn't be made to slow down for the lowest common denominator in class; and I for one had attended possibly three classes for each unit of law that year and passed with high distinctions. My way out of mandatory attendance? I would never, ever tell anyone my name, fill out a roll form, and when I submitted assignments I would walk up to the front of the class, lift the pile at a random location, shove mine in and shuffle the fuckers. Some teachers got wise to that and tried to thrwart me, instead I used a GGMK key I had that let me in to any locked door on that campus (sure, I'm not meant to, but sue me) and slipped it amidst the pile after hours.   Needless to say I was the most popular person at school for the rest of my years at university, and my original declaration and open letters are sitting framed in the law faculty library. You too could be this awesome; consider it at least, food for thought, right?
1	Lemon is talking about some valid points here, but the way he presents it seems to trash anything other NA teams are doing. CLG went to Korea to learn from their play styles, CRS has a dedicated Analyst and Coach, even TSM has faced off against Koreans in the biggest stage many times.   Strategy analysis is good. Statistical analysis provides rationality in explaining success. The problem is, if you start losing nobody believes a word you say. In retrospect if C9 loses this is lemon calling everyone trash ala Doublelift style.   Watch real sports Lemon. Sabermetricians and NBA stat trackers have some of the most sophisticated software out there, but their weight only holds as much as their ability to get good results.
1	Well to play devil's advocate, i will use an analogy with a cake. If i order a cake from bakery one and its perfect everywhere (like the frosting and the cake itself and the decorations are all perfect) then the cake is perfect. If i order a cake from bakery 2 and its terrible (just for the sake of the analogy), but the frosting is mediocre, then the frosting is the best part. Does that mean though, that just because the frosting on cake 2 is better than everything else about the cake that it's as good as cake 1's?
1	Vayne+Poppy: Popayne   Q: High base damage plus a % AD steroid?   W: Gain armor, AD and %max HP damage?   E: Nothing really changed.   R: invulnerable? Check. Invisible? Check. AD steroid? Check.
0	I have a strangely relevant story. I'm drinking with a lot of friends and then go into friend #1's room and find Girls Gone Wild. Of course we pop it in and start watching. Drunk friend #2 ends up getting up in the middle of it to "pee." Yeah, peeing doesn't take 10 minutes. We confront him afterwards thinking he was jerking it and he admits that he went and had sex with friend #1's sister. Friend #1 gets in a fist fight with friend #2 and they both end up in the hospital. Now they are best friends. The End.
1	I am getting so damn addicted to these
1	I'm curious about the AD/per lv marks instead of ArPen. Don't the voidlings scale of ArPen more than AD, or?
1	Context For r/All: A game mode for League of Legends that debuted a year ago today and was/is a fan favorite has been readded to the game after about an 11 month hiatus.
1	I guess I'm having a problem because my viewpoint is right in the middle. I think items should be able to help you in a terrible situation (Ashe vs. Udyr), but I don't think they should be so strong as to make champion selection, picking, and counterpicking irrelevant.   If somebody baits you into picking Udyr then counterpicks you with Ashe, you got mindgamed, period. You can deal with that situation in a couple of ways: build items to do your best or swap lanes with another champion in your team. But neither of those should completely mitigate the fact that you got chose your champion poorly, and that battle won't count for the war.
0	Just that the idea that the constitution strictly limits government power, but then we interpret portions of it to be essentially gaping holes in any sort of meaningful limitation of power.   What good is a constitution, if anything you can construe to be in the "general welfare" of the people, or dealing with "commerce" (yes it was intended as interstate, but we've thrown that out the window to) is ok?
0	How is this not sorted yet, Everyone put the seat and lid down before you flush.   No nasty spray out into the room, everyone puts in the same amount of effort.
0	my family owns a store, so i have a lot of regulars that i know a lot about. one customer was trying to pass and said excuse me and then started yelling at the lady when she didn't move. angry lady comes to me and tries to talk to me about how rude people are.   then i told angry lady that the "rude" lady was actually deaf. angry lady looked so embarrassed.   it's situations like these that hopefully make people reevaluate how they treat others- maybe they'll stop treating "normal" people that way because they realize that they don't know the other person's story
1	I don't mind it, depending on who I'm playing.   The problem with essence reaver, as far as I'm concerned, is it's practicality. Not many champs can use it in a viable way. Classic ADCs should be autoing, and not spamming abilities. AD casters don't really need the lifesteal in most cases, and can just stack a tear>manamune instead.
1	The reason nidalees spears are so rage inducing is that they have no actual DRAWBACK. Nidalee is formed mana wise in such a way that you will likely throw 1-2 spears then cougar for the kill, The spear is way too hard to dodge at close range unless you get lucky in your timings or flash and going closer for a less damaging spear results in a pounce to the face.   However, 1v1ing a nidalee is not as impossible as trying to fight her while she spears in the time before a 5v5. Her spears have a 4 sec cd at level 5 and can over 1000 damage laughably easy once she is decently fed. Her spears have no counter play, the easiest champ to compare the spear too is either viktor or orianna, their poke can do insane damage late game too, however there are REASONS you cannot spam them unlike nidalees spear. First is the range, 1500, nuff said, can stand inside mundos arsecheeks and spam them from a mile away, second is their cooldown, once ori and viktor have used their poke they are susceptible to being all in'd by the enemy team as it is their main damage source and messes up oris attack combo. Third and lastly, Nidalee can heal through any of their damage while safely using hers repeatedly. This heal is ridiculous and late game will heal 300+ however thats not the end, your ad tank can now storm the front with his masses of extra attack speed from her heal and will shred the enemies with nidalees debuff from trap now on the enemies (all you have to do is wait until cc like caits) NO ONE else can do this as effectivley as nidalee not even the fish.
1	As I said before retention rate is pretty important (mine wasn't nearly as good as his.) also my cpm was like .8 or something with TGN before I switched to polaris where it went up to like $1/1000 views (I think it can go up to 2.50 in my contract, but that wouldn't ever happen.)   Anyways Pewdiepie has a premium network, I guarantee you every network on yt offered him a contract cause they want his views and money, so obviously due to competition he got a hella good contract. I bet he's got at like $2.50-3+ per 1000 views. I worked out how much he makes in a year before, I think it's about  2mil. Then you gotta add on sponors (if he has any) and merchandise and a shit ton of other stuff (
0	First of all(if you're serious), I'm sorry for your loss.  Now, story time: When I was in highschool, "your mom" jokes were one of the most common things to hear. I was not excluded from the people who would use these regularly. I would probably tell at least 10 of these jokes on a slow day. There was a kid that was in my circle of friends whose mom passed away when he was a child. At least twice a week, he would say a phrase that would be perfect to retort with a "your mom" joke. With my short attention span, I would always be caught in the heat of the moment and would blurt out the words. EVERY.SINGLE.TIME. He would always look at me, dead pan, and say "dude... My mom is dead." I always felt like shit, but I guess it never made me feel so bad that I would remember to put him on the black list of those jokes. Fast forward a few years, and he won't even look me in the eye when I run into him in the wild.
0	I know I might sound crazy, but there's this thing you (and most people in this thread) should try, it's called not hating people because that changes absolutely-fucking-nothing, in fact it perpetuates the downward spiral of bullshit effectively making you just as much of the problem as the person you're hating.
0	Definitely. My mother has been an elementary school principal for the past 20 years or so, and back when she started at her most recent school (about 10 years ago I think), she inherited a teacher from the previous administration who was TERRIBLE. This teacher (I think it was also 3rd grade) would basically pick a few favorite children/least favorite children during the first few weeks of school, and then it was set for the rest of the year. She was a nightmare for the kids she didn't like. She would belittle them in front of the class, subtly harass them, grade their papers unfairly, and more (I think at one point she put a little boy in the closet as a punishment for something. His parents were a bit upset, to say the least).   The problem was, my mom couldn't just fire her outright. She didn't get caught doing anything "against the rules" to the kids, and she had the elementary school equivalent of tenure (basically, if you've worked the same job for 3 years, it becomes nearly impossible to be fired in our county). She definitely knew she had to figure out some way to get rid of her though, because the teacher was basically a cancer to the entire school. She'd spread rumors about a bunch of other teachers (At one point she tried to set up her weird son with one of the younger, prettier teachers right out of college, who already had a fiance. When the girl politely declined, she told everyone that she was obviously a lesbian since she didn't want to date her "perfect" son), and actively try to undo the new teaching methods my mom was piloting at the school (which worked quite well).   The other issue with trying to get rid of this teacher was that since she couldn't really be fired, the only real option was to transfer her to another school, and my mom felt that she couldn't ethically just hand this person off to another principal, since she would most likely destroy that environment as well (kind of a "I wouldn't wish this person on my worst enemy, let alone one of my colleagues/friends" type of deal).   In the end, I think the teacher ended up getting transferred to a school with a principal she knew from the past who she was friends with or something. Kind of unfortunate, because that means she was still just doing the same sort of thing to kids, but I think she got fired a few years after that (though it's tough to fire someone with tenure, it can be done...it's just a process that takes a few years).
0	Neither.  Beats me at all times, but some times a little more of one than the other in the process of having no idea.  But not necessarily the same one as before is tilting the scales a bit off of balance. Science and measurement don't seem to be good in this realm and so scales are a bad way to answer the question.  In fact, there is no answer no matter what you believe.  So believing one or the other is just fine in a pure sense(obviously both beliefs can lead to some fucked up consequences but we're not talking about which is better anyway) but completely meaningless and has zero to do with objective reality.  Believing either one ultimately might as well be arbitrary in my opinion, even though people should go right ahead and commit to one or the other.   As I say, but maybe not as clearly most days I find the question irrelevant as I am certain we can't determine if that is a correct belief.  On some days, I  lean  towards the guess that even if we'll never be able to know I kind of think it at least makes sense that the answer is no.  But I wouldn't say I go so far as to 'believe' that god doesn't exist - I can simultaneously imagine that it merely  appears  for all practical purposes that there is no god.  And then, as a practical matter even if there is a god couldn't you still say that there's no god?  What's the real difference? And again, it's moot.  So the commitment to one or the other is just silly.  Not even silly.  Less than silly.  It's doesn't even rate that, it's just a...waste of a few minutes until you realize that there's no logic that is going to solve this for you and you go back to this being your answer to that question:  ...   And there are also, albeit less rarely, times where I believe a god  could  exist.  But I am prevented from going further by the near certainty that we can only guess one way or the other without ever figuring out which guess turned out to be correct.  Which really renders the whole exercise of coming down on one side or another with a belief kind of pointless to me.  Still, I do vacillate between the two options to some extent but am biased towards 'no' when I engage knowingly in a futile exercise which has no bearing on reality.   I don't know if that sounds evasive to you, but that's really the honest truth.  I don't believe either case,and there has not been a time past about when I was 12 or so that I was even briefly of one mind or the other exclusively.  So the best I can do is keep a bit of my chip on each space to cover all bases I guess.   Is it an option to declare a false choice and add a much more nuanced option?  I suppose if you are needing to put a label on me(I am guessing that's the reason you are asking the question - in order to educate me as to the proper term I should use to announce myself) I would be boxed in to choosing 'no' as that is the most common way I lean.  I don't want to beat a dead horse, but I reject that I must believe one or the other even if I have some completely-inadequate-even-for-a-human faculty to think it more plausible for one than the other at different times rather than simply two equally plausible states of 'yes' or 'no'   It's always interesting to delve in to this question but time consuming, fruitless and it can be exhausting.  I will allow that you're not doing this to be a dick or to show me up and your time is valuable and you've kindly given me some information that you felt was important for me to have.  I do appreciate that, and I am not at all defensive in defending my position, which I have spent a somewhat considerable amount of time arriving at with an honest and as objective as possible examination of both sides.  In defending my position I am in no way assailing your position, as it is completely OK with me that you have a more binary view of the question and whatever label you decide I most closely earn even if only by a virtue of a slight advantage to days it suits me to start out guessing 'maybe, I dunno, no?' before realizing that I've just overstepped my abilities to perceive things by about a zillion, well feel free to slap it on my jar.  It won't bother me none.   Heh, don't be mad I used so many paragraphs to answer your very plainly requested yes or no answer.  I can't help it I fairly well barf words when I'm set to considering.  It's part of why most days I just default to 'neither? both? shrug.'
0	This is wrong.   What part of the top bit is awesome?     crying coworker?    no, that's not awesome     dead boyfriend?   certainly not, at least I hope not..     a hug?    It's just a hug dude, I hug people daily.       Now let's get to the socially awkward bit.     girl kisses you on the mouth      First of all, SAP is supposed to be things that YOU have done, not interactions hat have happened to you; so Awkwardly getting mouth kissed by a crying girl would be more of an awkward seal situation than a penguin.   Secondly, an awkward (or awesome) situation isn't just awkward (or awesome) because of the punchline, either the whole situation is awkward or the whole situation is awesome   sorry about the rant, but I really fucking hate these stupid bi-colored penguins. a situation is almost never both awesome and awkward at the same time, and honestly, Whenever I see something like this it is always, 100% of the time just a normal situation becoming either awkward or awesome by the punchline.  If anything, and you absolutely HAVE to ruin a perfectly good meme by splitting the color, the top half should AT LEAST be "Socially Average Penguin".
0	I can't stand this. I probably get told at least once a week that I'm "skinny," like a "twig," if I "turned sideways I'd disappear,"--mostly by coworkers and friends who are far overweight. I'm a petite 5"2 and weigh a modest 100lbs. It's always amazed me that I can't tell someone "you're fat/overweight" without seeming like a horrible person, but it's perfectly fine to tell me I'm 'too skinny' in front of people all of the time.
1	Honestly? Ward and make calls. The more you ward, the more information you have. Do you see the enemy jungler top? Call for your jungler and mid and take dragon. Enemy jungler bot? invade their blue and ward/take it. Wards allow you to keep tabs on the enemy and allow you to make plays. If you can see them and they can't see you, you have a huge advantage in a fight.
1	I just want to make a note here. I agree that "Getting a job" (referring to an hourly or salary job with a company) would DEFINITELY provide a sustained, guaranteed income. But their goal isn't to work at some electronics store making minimum wage. They want to be Professional Gamers. As in, gaming for a living.   If a person is dedicating a significant portion of their time providing others entertainment, and is making significant income based on that, then as far as I'm concerned, that  IS  their job. That is what's putting food on the table for them. Their pay isn't hourly or salary based in that respect, it's based on time spent entertaining a viewership that decides to support them by receiving their ads.   "Get a 'real' job" is a very inconsiderate thing to say because these people spend hours upon hours of their free time providing free entertainment. Blocking their ads when they're polite enough to stop what they're doing while they run them is literally telling the streamer you don't want them to get paid for their time spent entertaining you.
1	It's basicly the same as I said, i just forgot about the number of ferocity stacks. My logic behind this is that mana champions are easier to balance because you have another tool to use to nerf or buff the champion, besides CDs and values, but with 5 ferocity stacks you need to have very low mana costs so he could spam a lot because of his mechanics, but with 4 you could limit him by getting apropriate mana costs and create better counter play and at the same time have an "healthy" spamability so you can get the empowered skills in lane and team fights. (In before Muramana rengar.)   In my sugestion I kept the ferocity stacks because it's core to his mechanic and theme and I assume it's hard to code a double resource champion, specialy due to GUI restraints, so the best way to implement this is to have a stacking buff like Elise's spiders, Jax 3rd AA, etc.   About actual numbers on base damages and ratios, I have no idea, but making him a mana champion would making less of a hard champion to balance and Riot and the actual Rengar players, Rengar mains and good math theorycrafters to find out good numbers on him to have him achieve a relevant spot instead of a sort of "bad niche pick", since he doesnt fit as splitpusher anymore, assassin or tank, at least not as good a before but a very mediocre one. He's kinda on the same spot as Lee Sin now but with a weak laning and bad jungle sustain.   Also, I do not own Rengar, I'd like to buy him though, but I think I actually had a good idea to fix him.   And I don't think rengar has bad design, it has "too good design", which is even worse. Karma, as a support, has bad design, her spells don't fit laning fase, that's bad design. Rengar is, like you said, too good at everything.   edit:  Reading now some stuff, I think his heal could scale with AD, so if you build damage, it forces you to chose to heal in teamfights or burst with Q (despite with 4 stacks, like i sugested, both would be an easier feat to acomplish in a team fight). It's retarded to have an high %hp heal on a tanky champion with somewhat potential high dps (not like Maokai), and in lane it's not that "dangerous" because people for damage in top lane usually build arpen or BotrK nowadays. Also, his ulti shouldn't give all stacks but full-1, so you can chose what to use as an empowered ability while opening with another.
1	Honestly, I know where you're coming from. I was really scared of pvp from level 15-30 and only played bots. One day I just decided to stop playing bots and play way more pvp. I sucked a lot at the beginning but I was motivated by the fact that my friends were all getting better than me because I just played bots. I then realized that league is basically just a bunch of really trivial things you need to be good at and knowing when to use them. So I practiced all of those "little things" like csing in customs, harassing in lane, clearing the jungle, timers. Eventually I just started using all of those little things in cohesion and became a good player. Now normal games are pretty much insta-win unless the rest of my team fails miserably and my wins/losses in ranked are 70/30. The only thing keeping me in silver I right now are poor decision-making and map awareness.
1	Ok, how do I put this. Last two games i was third and 4th pick. I play jungle mainly, I am good at what I do and I know my way around the jungle and ganking and counterjungling and all sorts of things a jungler is supposed to do. Cool I kindly call for jungle, which in both cases results in people above me in pick order to pick jungle. Then I am forced to play something I am not so comfortable with. First game I play support 1/1/7, second game I play ADC 5/4/8. Both game we lost by a significant margin. I don't blame other people for my mistakes. I think I played bad ( could've played a lot better ) which wouldn't have happened if I was playing my main role as a jungler.
1	The nerf to tri-force and the boost in the iceborn gauntlets made a big difference. Maybe not as much as his nerfs, but the item changes sealed the deal.   Also, the Black Cleaver gives corki quite a bit of competition for his E. What can corki do now? Every little thing that he has can be matched or is already gone.   Tally:     The slow is less reliable     The armor shred needs you to be as close as the stalker just outside the shower curtains :D (sorry for this)     Blind?     Ultimate? Oh! that thing that's worse than Ez's Q after he gets iceborn?     His q isn't too bad, but you need to be close.
1	Brooo when's the
0	Those are just as bad or worst than the Daily Show, and Reddit in terms of biases. The recent Dorner thing was a perfect example of that from what I know.  I watched news on TV, as does my dad, and I've seen plenty of coverage on Dorner. The fact is, neither of us have heard a damn thing about the LAPD shooting at those asian women, or the other innocent bystander. The MSM puts an entirely different narrative on the entire situation, and pretend like the police are great.
1	Because you need our opinion, here's mine : I think intro / outro are way too long. 1sec time where each sponsor is shown is enough. i.e. 1s Gambit logo, 1s BenQ, 1s Pringles, then the action.  Finally, I think the disclaimer ( X v Y team after the sponsors ) is too large. A banner with less height is enough imo.
1	As a guy who has BPD and plays this game since it went out of beta, I can completely understand your anger about this.   I don't mind people being cocky or mad cause something doesnt suit them. I mean, everyone wants to show others that he is 'better' or simply gets mad at someone. It's natural.   The thing that I mind, and I can completely confirm what you said, is that whole Isdue with people telling others to do such things like commiting suicide. That People simply dont think about someone else's mentality, or even a mental disease. PEOPLE FOLLOWED THOSE CALLS ALREADY.   To the people who said that already, think about what you're saying. Be mad. Be cocky. Nobody minds that. But please dont send people into.. well. Maybe their death.
0	the bookstore doesnt screw you- it's your professors and the publishers. Publishers "sell" the costly textbooks to the professor, who adopts it for his class. The Publishers sales rep is careful to say to the professor "Make sure you request this version of this book-only".   That version will be the one with a useless CD, or an online access code, thereby making used copies of the actual book meaningless.   For adopting the book, the professor gets tests based on the book, companion websites, overheads, and more, so the prof has to do little work. The bookstore actually makes more profit selling used books, with their biggest profit coming from clothing and other merchandise.  Textbooks take an enormous amount of time and energy for the bookstore, and add in the shipping costs of the monsters, and the bookstore barely breaks even!   Another thing: publishers make their money off of US students, try ordering overseas.
1	my first game of team builder me and my friends were 4 premade and were looking for a jungler, we ended up finding one 5 minutes in and that was an elise, he said hi in the lobby and then we started the game but she never connected we ended p losing in 23 minutes and then we took a small break. when my and 1 other friend decided to queue up for teambuilder everything went fine except their jungler never connected and we ended up stomping them.
0	The thing is, I don't really have any 'secrets'  per se  but I do have private thoughts/experiences that I would occasionally like to share with close friends, under the condition that they keep the information to themselves.   I had a difficult experience in my first year of university (suffered from really bad anxiety and depression) and I told my cousin/very close friend about it, simply because I  needed  to get it off my chest... later I found out that she blabbed all about it to her boyfriend (who I'd met in person ONCE). She betrayed my trust for the sake of telling a [not even that interesting] story.   I can understand sharing information/"secrets" with your SO if it is  relevant  to the both of you. But my mental health issues were none of my cousin's boyfriend's concern. Certain information really does not need to be shared. I needed a confidante, not a FOX news reporter.   Sorry for the wall of text... not necessarily directed at you personally... but I'm slightly bitter about this topic.
1	is it fair to give teams that is winning for the vast majority of games an unfair chance at teams that only play well for the last 10%? if this were true, people would ONLY play late-game champions. this would mean you would see no early game stats, as they would not influence the outcome of the game and therefore, why take the risk?   League is a game of risk/reward comparisons, teams are just getting better and better at holding leads compared to, for example, seasons 2. teams just  know  how to play so that if they get a lead, they secure it. there just is not a set of plays against the current strategies to holding a lead. this puts it on the players/teams to come up with those strategies, not a vast alteration of the game to make the strategies for them.
1	I posted this in the other thread and I thought this should be here too   Hey everyone Wolf here the emcee for the TLC winter finals. First off I'd like to apologize to anyone and everyone who has been affected and offended by the video.   Also I would like to add that this entire thing has been taken out of context in a majorly wrong way. The events prior to this happening was a mess of technical difficulties and then some audience members shouting that the equipment and the internet was shit   Hence I decided to take a stab at the audience using their own words with my co host backing me up by berating me and defending the audience.   On hindsight it definitely did not work out as I intended and I have made up for my actions by addressing the crowd later on.   I do hope that the reddit community will forgive me for my actions. I make no excuse in using such a derogatory term to address the audience. I sincerely apologize to all the viewers and anyone at the event who may have been insulted or hurt by what I've said.   I strive to be an engaging host and commentator who loves video games as well as interacting with the audience.   Thank you for reading this wall of text, Wolf
1	I agree.
1	People who get angry at their teammates for no identifiable, logical reason. I was playing recently as a top lane Zed against Vi and Kayle, eventually Vi left for bot and Darius left to follow them, of course, I lost my lane to Kayle because of her superior range and poke. I was going 3/0/3 at the time, not terrible, I reckoned, then our 0/8/1 Sejuani, who's been wandering into enemy territory all game and feeding, comments on how it's "2v1 top and lost your lane, patetic top" (written just like that too). Normally, I don't listen to flamers, but for some reason, this really annoyed me.
1	Blitz is probably one the most annoying supports because he can engage without risking much. In a 2v2 fight with no advantage yet (no kills or massive cs leads) he can pretty much start fights whenever he wants to, mainly because in his combo he can take you down for a lot of damage without letting you respond in kind.   The grab factor also changes the lane so much that avoiding grabs becomes your highest priority, which, for many lower elo players, means losing the lane in terms of farm, and reflects very strongly in their mid-late game.     Blitz is perfectly balanced, both in solo queue games and team games. He's a bit meaner in solo queue because a lot of players get grabbed unnecessarily. He's a great initiator but can be shut down so much during the laning phase, so it balances out for team games. After his combo, Blitz is pretty much useless. That combo is also (mostly) used for one champion and the initiate for a fight. When you compare him to Leona, who can initiate almost as well but do a lot more with her kit during fights, he's really not that great in the mid-late game unless he snowballs his lane (which he's quite good at).     Squishy supports don't do well against Blitz, especially if you get grabbed. Leona loves him though. If he grabs you, you can W before he knocks you up and negate a lot of damage, not to mention after he grabs you, you get a free ticket to locking down either Blitz or his ADC while your ADC can auto for the win. I like most support champions, but at lower elo and especially with an ADC that isn't very good, Blitz can just destroy the lane. It's pretty easy to dodge his Q once you have boots as a support (you should almost always be able to dodge/zone his Q as an ADC), and if he can't land grabs he can't support.     The nerf was great, because he was incredibly tanky, and the strat to use against Blitz is mainly poke him down so if he grabs you, you can kill him. You won't notice it unless you use it, and I'm guessing you don't do it as much.     Play either very passive or very aggressive. If you play passively, place yourself so that your minions are always in front of you. Expect him to grab you whenever he can, but notice how far his ADC is from where he is/where you are. If the range is far enough from his ADC, don't be afraid to let yourself get grabbed so that you can put it on cooldown. If his ADC is in a position where they have to use abilities to get to you, then you want to get grabbed.       I like to play in his face and take away the grab factor. Pick Graves and Taric and go balls deep on him early on (level 3 works best). If he grabs Taric, go for his ADC and trade with them 1v1 since only MF/Draven can trade equally or favorable against Graves early. If he grabs Graves, stun their ADC and run straight at him. Once Graves is out of the combo, he can turn on the ADC as well and blow them up. Blitz is essentially useless after his grab/fist, so use that to your advantage.   What we like to do botlane is to be so aggressive that Blitz has to use his hook to get us off the ADC. Once he can't force you to miss CS or zone you, it's almost a 1v2 lane for you.   Your ADC doesn't matter as much, the key point is to choose the right support. You want either a passive support that can keep you save from any grabs, such as Nunu, Alistar, Janna or Taric, or a very aggressive support such as Leona, Taric or Janna (if you can actually play her aggressively).   It goes without saying that to pick Kog'maw or Ashe would be silly. Graves, Miss Fortune, Ezreal, Draven and Corki all work fairly well against Blitz. If you take a Draven/Taric or Graves/Taric combo, you can play the lane either way (passive or aggressive), and I think it's the safest combo to play against him.
1	There is one problem with Team Builder...   Team Builder lets us choose a specific Champ and Role wich is great in my opinion. BUT if Riot wants to implement this in the Game permanently they need to change one thing. You should not be limited to one Champ. Just let us choose the Position. Because if you are only allowed to play one Champ you will get like the biggest derp Teamcomps. I think that Team builder is a really great oppurtunity.
0	Reddit does vote fuzzing. You don't get to see the real votes, you can read all about it on the help pages.
1	Watch, everyone's speculating over the X and it has nothing to do with anything and is just part of her childish vandalism.  Imagine that a five year old drew a portrait of her family and then daddy made her mad so she drew an X over him.  Meanwhile everyone's trying to figure out what that X means. That would actually make me chuckle.
0	Ask any historian and they will say you are absolutely wrong. Slavery was the catalyst for the war and the underlying motivation throughout for the south.   From Alexander Stephen's famous "cornerstone speech":   "Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition."   [Whole speech here](   Virtually every reason for secession is linked to slavery (state rights issue over slavery, commerce of slavery and labor, etc).
0	You're the one who's clearly quite confused, dear. You see, I spoke first saying I would not respond. That was my last communication, until I told you the second correction, and added "I said I would not respond to you again" and you said I had lied once. I hadn't responded to you between then, nor had I said I wouldn't respond to you before that.
0	Seriously, I don't get it.   If you know how to properly use Windows - you press the Windows key in W7 and start typing into the search box; it fills up with items and you press enter to load what you were looking for.  You don't click the menu and search for the item.  Windows 8 works the EXACT.  SAME.  WAY.  Metro is everyone's major gripe.  Guess what?  With these simple keystrokes you have just eliminated your need to interact with Metro.  All of the sudden it works just like your start menu used to.  The problem is the vocal majority doesn't understand how to use Windows efficiently.  Metro is trash.  No one is arguing that, but Windows 8 loads faster and has a bunch of other minor tweaks that makes it an improvement over Windows 7.
0	This thing is stupid small, there's no excuse for not knowing how to make an adviceanimal, it's stupid easy.     Did you even fucking read the blog post by /u/yishan or /u/alienth's post in /r/announcements? They were getting DMCA take down notices for the photos, they were legally obligated to comply or reddit would be shut down.       No government agency is forcing them to take down those subreddits so they don't. Reddit doesn't act morally, they only take down subs when it becomes clear that the subreddit is a function of something more. EG with jailbait it was CP, with the racist ones it was personal information, with the celeb leak ones it was DMCA take down notices.   The fact that everyone keeps spouting off this bullshit just shows what little amount of redditors actually fucking read the shit that they comment on.
1	If I were the OP, I'd take this as a lesson in "Be careful when playing with money over the internet" and not make the same mistake in the future.
1	I Found out that there isnt alot of options for big plays, if feels like the map is alot smaller than old TT, less paths.   The ability to camp in a bush and wait for someone to facecheck is 3-10, because when the enemy team is all MIA, its a little obvious where they will be, there is only 3 bush's per side.   I dislike the huge snowballing advantage one can get top lane if they push the lane hard, so when the altar pop in the beginning its easier for them to take the altar, then even easier to take there own so they have both altars and all the buffs within the first 4 minutes. Now this doesnt happen alot, it happens more than enough.   I do 100% agree if you are behind and lost both towers, its extremely difficult to venture out of your base. and too get farm. To fight over the jungle creeps with your team mates
1	The biggest issue with riot's e-sports department is a complete lack of consistency   They made a giant rule book for the teams and players but made no rules to police themselves or give expectations of when teams will be informed of rulings involving their team. The SK Gambit remake was a huge fiasco in part because of the decision but in bigger part because gambit wasnt informed until the day of the game.   essentially riot treats everything on a case by case basis and has no rules to look to for guiding their decisions so every case ends up being drastically different (the only commonality is that Gambit has the biggest tendency to be overlooked and then promptly shafted)   edit: and even bigger issue i totally neglected to bring up was the whole root cause of the SK Gambit remake WAS THAT A RIOT EMPLOYEE DIDNT FOLLOW THE RULES FOR LCS. The fact that someone who works for riot shows incompetence and the teams end up paying the price is just completely insane. Every single instance of poor riot decision making has been their own failures. SK Gambit = Referee failing. Gambit visa issues = Riot not planning in advance (organisation fail), NIP being forced to play without Alex in a tournament game (not a league where 2 games isnt a huge deal) = another fail by riot to plan properly, Best of 1s resulting in some weird results in both challenger scenes = Riot thinking short term (more organisation fail), NIP's players being banned out of nowhere = Inconsistent banning criteria for players along with a failure to allow the teamates that were following the rules to actually be able to adjust or at the very least have some warning to be able to find replacements. The list goes on and on but in every case RIOT's incompetence in organizing an event and creating a fair tournament with "competitive integrity"
0	What do you suppose is better, learning from experience (being that deep inside a fantasy and breaking yourself from it), or just being told that you should never go that deep because its a dangerous habit? This is where I think a laissez faire type of parenting could work, to let the person find out their own, to see how deeply they can feel it instead of just having a big red X telling you "NO". That sort of denial doesn't ever seem to work, just exacerbates the desire. See: horny catholic school girls
0	It also doesn't help that police seemingly have it constantly hammered into them that everyone is a possible threat and that behind every innocent looking grandma may be a face-eating bath salt smoker.  Seriously, it's hard to quantify but a lot of a normal officers are influenced by a barrage of media and documents that teaches them paranoia and fear of the public. I know I sound like I'm talking out my ass but if you could look at the content of what the average officer is inundated with, it  really seems to indicate an almost consciously cultivated paranoia and an US (Cops) VS. THEM (The Public) mentality. Ever read any internally circulated Law enforcement leaflets/guides? Scary shit indeed.
0	When did this happen? Google doesn't care about your IP when it comes to authenticating your session... the only way to gain access to somebodies Google account would be to deliberately (it can't be done accidentally) grab their session token from an intercepted cookie and then use that session token yourself... and that's been impossible to do for  many years  thanks to default (and now forced) HTTPS on Google, Facebook, etc.
0	Actually it does help!  It gives almost as much benefit as a RWD car.  You're not using it for traction when you're accelerating as you won't be going fast enough to see any benefit from the downforce at the lower speeds that you would have issues with traction (unless your car is ridiculously powerful and spins at 140km/h+).   At higher speeds, no matter your drive type, the ass end of your car is going to be generating lift and will start to skid or just break free at high speed turns (and even straights).  Spoilers counteract that lift and will help suck your ass end to the road and let you be able to corner faster and safer.   In the end, most people with the high spoilers are just idiots using them for show that never (if rarely) reach the speeds that will actually provide downforce.  Honda, GM, Dodge, Toyota - they don't just put high spoilers on their FWD cars for nothing.  They've done the tests and put in the track time.   I had my low rise spoiler off of my SS for one track run  and definitely felt my ass end skidding at on the 160km/h turns.  Swapped the high rise on it and it made the turns much more manageable.
0	Here's the deal with lifting and grunting. There is a difference between struggling because you're pushing yourself, and just making noise to draw attention and feed off your own testosterone. Most gyms have a couple of guys that act like they're making angry love to the weights. It's not everyone who grunts or drops weights, it's a rare few. Most people conduct themselves with class and are simply trying to get fit and it's most always obvious. However, there are those douches who do make a spectacle of their work out. You will know that's going down by the amount of rolled eyes and cringed faces you see on the by standards, trying not to be distracted by those raging (likely steroid induced) ultra masculine amateur bodybuilders hoping to distract from their small penises.
0	Lazy" is one of the most unhelpful of human concepts. No one is lazy. Motivation can be reduced by two factors: desire for an outcome and the belief you can achieve that outcome.   If you have an outcome you desire but don't act on it, then either you don't really want it, you don't really believe you can achieve it, or you are consumed by a more pressing need. Rationally you might be able to believe you can do the thing and you really want it, but humans are far from purely rational. Or perhaps we are purely rational in the sense that we believe what we've experienced over what we've been told.
0	You cannot understand because "I've lived in Colorado and California". I'll also make an assumption that you were raised in a nonreligious household?   To those of us less fortunate, from Bible-belt states, or other highly religious areas, or fundamentalist families, it's sort of a support group of like minded people where we can go and bitch about it to other 'sane' people. I say sane because, psychologically, religion is defined as a delusional practice. It's simply a socially acceptable one, so it has to be classified carefully. Having said that, it's not invalid to draw the following comparison:   Imagine that, from birth, you are told that the sky is red. (I realize the sky is actually colorless and it's just a reflection and blah blah, just humor the point.) One day you realize that, "Holy shit, the sky is actually blue, not red!" So you go and tell a friend, and they just look at you strange... like you're fucking insane. Maybe they get hostile and think you're insulting the way they think, because if the sky is blue, not red, then who knows what the scary implications are! Maybe you get yelled at and called crazy, maybe cut off ties with you. This makes you feel like shit, but you still feel like you should tell people about this. You go about it a better way,  get informed, learn why the sky is blue, get a blue sheet of paper to hold up for comparison. Armed with these new devices, you go broach the subject with your family. Maybe your family reluctantly accepts that you think the sky is blue (although secretly they hope you come to your senses, and stop spreading nonsense) but of course they expect you to keep quiet about it, and you do because you don't want to upset your family. Or maybe you weren't so lucky, maybe your family kicks you out of the house, even though you have all this  awesome logical evidence  that says the sky is blue, they refuse to accept your differences. Your mom just sits there crying asking where she went wrong, nothing but a look of soul-crushing sadness and tears on her face. Your dad paces around ranting about how it's all the fault of those damn liberal college professors, or something.   Well at this point you're pretty disheartened. You're disgusted with whoever first thought up the idea that the sky was red. Maybe, just maybe, you're starting to think you really  are  crazy, and the sky isn't blue at all. Well eventually you run into a guy wearing a shirt that says "The sky is blue." ... and you're floored! You rush over and you tell him "I think the sky is blue too! But nobody will believe me." and he looks at you, and he smiles and says "Hey, how's it going? Let me introduce you to a group of people who all think the sky is blue. Sort of like a support group for people trying to struggle with friends and family who they can't talk about this sort of thing with. We laugh and joke about the Red-its (haha!), and we talk about how we can promote blue-sky thinking, and try to keep the Red-its out of our science classrooms."   That's pretty much what /r/atheism is like. It's a support group for people who aren't delusional enough to believe the sky is red, but are surrounded by people who constantly tell them it is.
1	Not so fast! Remember, this was a 3v3 build, not a rift one. It's a lot harder to shitstorm someone like that with only 3 champs, 2 of which are probably melee bruisers with 2 other people tailing them to contend with. Even if some of my points are flawed, the main bit still stands: The DPS of 3 champs is lower than the DPS of 5, even before you subtract the guy who got grabbed, and he's probably going to die pretty quick anyways. (Especially if it was a carry or Teemo.) Even if they DO focus him (with 2 guys) , Skarner probably did his job already.
1	Fan-created youtube parody songs? That's your opinion that the music is terrible but I think it's actually good intermission music, plus to see what match will be next so it keeps people tuned in. Also, League isn't supposed to be seen a sport, it's not a sport. It's an eSport. They already do announce players in the starting line up too so I don't think they need more of that.
1	have to say that your KDA is somehow good to really good, proving that you are not just solely blame your teammates for losses. however, i think there are lot more rooms to improve. First, rune and mastery. for 21/0/9, i think meditation is the way to go. also, dont put point on scout because it is useless. wanderer is good but not for your roles. and your rune pages are not good. use mr/lvl for glyph and flat armor for better efficiency. Second, your cs is too low. i guess you play aggressively in lane. but you can practise to lose less cs when you try to harass enemy. Third, your kills and assists are high, but followed by high deaths too. if you are ahead, dont trade your kill spree with enemy death spree because it does not worth. die less, carry moar. at your elo 4 KDA is way to go.
1	I live in Indiana (Fairly central, no?), and my average ping is around 90. I am on Indiana University internet, which is about 91 down, 40 up. For the EU servers, I get 126 ping. Basically no difference. Kinda is weird, I have to say. I'd love to get a lower ping, but I really only notice ping when it goes above 200. There is a significant difference between 150 and 200 ping. When I'm at home, I sometimes get up there in 200s, and it's awful. It's a very frustrating experience when you are used to ~100
0	Being skinny everyone thinks I'm the perfect size, but I'm not. No one is or ever will be. You are either too tall/short and the too big/small(For women I have no idea how it is for men). I hate having people coo at me and my perfect body when it isn't, not to me. I loved my body in high school before my body dropped twenty random whole ponds, and all because I'm a slightly late bloomer? I want to gain back that twenty pound and the other bit of weight that keeps coming and going as it pleases, but it wont.
0	My son has started watching the new Scooby Doo recently, and I've seen enough episodes to know that Fred only fantasizes about traps.  Yes, he even has a subscription to "Traps Illustrated" that he tried to hide from Daphne.
1	Congratulations to the submissions Roflwaffle07's gets my vote :).   Now a quick little aside for Vulcan. I would "strongly" advise picking a logo and than taking it to a qualified designer for refinement. The hardest part of designing a logo for an organisation is always getting that initial concept that everyone likes from there on in the refinement is usually a fairly painless process, that being said its also the most important because it generally adds that level of polish that all high quality well thought out logos have.   Branding in any organisation is extremely important and the quality of esports branding has been improving alot recently EG, CW, MRN are probably the stand outs off the top of my head. Roflwaffle07's probably needs the least refinement the shape of the logo is generally good bar some minor changes (i.e the negative space under the "wings" etc) and some font refinement. Pherzghul's logo would need a bit more work as the colors (specifically that red and a tightening up of the the chrome finish) spacing and font could all use some work. My two cents.
1	Yeah, it would be awesome if before every tournament their could be a march-madness-like site where you can make your own bracket and predictions.   Also, I really like this idea but the way you have it set up is kind of annoying =/. There's too many numbers / slots and teams to keep track of. I had to pull out a piece of paper and do it there. It would be awesome if you could just "click" on which team would win each match. And then the loser bracket is automatically made from the choices you make. It's kind of hard to explain what I'm trying to say without pictures, but I don't think it would be too hard to code (I'm a web developer and webmaster of my university)
0	I do too and a lot of fucked up stuff that I've  is because I hit the arrow by mistake. Then I try to overcompensate by downvoting. But then I feel bad about that so I re-upvote. And I end up accidentally liking some awful stuff I never meant to like.
1	Most traditional sports are introduced to people as a fun way to pass time. People then people get good, and start competing properly and training seriously. In the west, we have only just started to really enter the serious training part of e-sports, where as in Korea, they have seen the fun, started the training, and now have to be professional. So right now, even if teams in NA and EU are really training seriously (which the may or may not be), they need to make the game appear fun, and draw more people into the lower professional scene, so as to expand it, then, when there is enough of a semi-professional basis, they then have to be serious, so as to show that the E-sport is not just a game, it is a serious sport.   Its a bit like getting a child to enjoy sports. If you make it fun for them in the beginning, they are more likely to play it again, and then after they find it fun, you can expand this if they have talent for the game. Now most will only ever be a minor player, but some can be turned into pro's. However, if you introduce the sport as pure hard work, have their first taste of the sport as them training to exhaustion (mentally or physically) like the pro's of that sport do, they will be less likely to take up the sport.
0	It's funny, and easy to rip on IT, but you go with what is stable.   For a  long  time XP was preferred because it was stable (after the rocky start) and supported the software.  Over time, some legacy software that companies have been using for years and don't want to shell out $5,000 to replace will only run on XP, and performs poorly even in compatibility mode.   So many businesses have chosen to remain on XP to support older software, rely on the stability and avoid having to spend a lot of money.   XP, however, has reached its end-of-life.  Given that no significant patches or work will be done by microsoft (and it is unlikely that the code will be released to allow 3rd party individuals to truly patch vulnerabilities, and even then, it is a risk that few businesses would want to take), upgrading at this point is the only option.   Vista near the release of Win7 was actually not too terrible an OS.  A bit bloated, but decent.  Win7 is leaner, more stable, supports a wide range of software and while will not perfectly emulate the necessary functions for some older software, at least will for a long time be supported and any products compatible with Win7 will typically be compatible with Win8 should it ever stop sucking donkey balls.   Win8.1 was a step in the right direction, but I still think that there are some issues to be had.  Win8 was an attempt at integrating everything in an attempt to convert users in other markets over to the windows devices.  Smart phones, tablets and the XBox would all be seamlessly integrated with the PC, so the thought goes.  It would allow a more universal and fluid environment.   From an objective standpoint, this is a  great  idea.  I would love to basically have everything interconnected.  The issue is, however, that Google has done a lot of that already.  Between chromecast, googleTV, the fact that you can hook your computer up to your TV (bypassing the need to use the Xbox to connect to microsoft technology), that many android apps seamlessly integrate with a cloud based system to bring the same information to desktop apps (be it mac or PC) allows even more versatility than having to have everything "microsoft" branded in order to work together.   Had they made win8  free  and pushed the sale of things like surface, office and the xbox as ways to integrate and supplement their Win8 experience, while taking a cut off any software sales done through the Win8 store (which, much like stream, would provide access to any Win8 machine that you log on to, rather than single computer licenses like are standard for most software now, though you could only use the app on one machine at a time, much like steam, unless you figure out a way around it, like steam).   ANYWAY, I digress.  Basically, it seems like a slowpoke type situation, but in reality, it is just that they're not being  forced  to upgrade due to the life cycle of XP and that it is no longer being supported.  Win8 is a train wreck and so the only good option is Win7.
1	I've found that as support, if we can get a couple strong exchanges or a kill in lane early, it seems to affect how well the enemy lane plays: if one person initiates the other is likely to follow up. Simply because trust has been lost. This is often enough to win the lane.
0	And then. . .?   No really, I want to know why you think this is wrong. "You're wrong" is not a reason. Show me why I'm wrong.   I can find you legions of people that volunteered their time and effort to projects and couldn't find full-time work. I can show you people that have spent years demonstrating their abilities in graphic design, legal expertise, copywriting, programming, technical writing, etc. and have been working as janitors, waiters, fry cooks, and other service occupations without a single job offer in their field. When you give your work away for free, people value it less. When you do instructional material on the web, you make the things you do look easy enough that people don't think they need you.   How much money you make, and how far your career goes relies on three things:   1) How much people need what you do.   2) How good you are at what you do.   3) How easily you can be replaced.   If enough people in your field are giving their work away, it lowers the demand for what you do. If people are willing to do your job for free, then you can be easily replaced. And being outstanding at what you do will make you overqualified for the majority of jobs that just need to be "good enough."   This myth is a fantasy that employers tell young people in order to lower wages across the board and I'm not ashamed to point that out.
1	GUYS I DON'T WIN EVERY SINGLE GAME,
1	There was an are set up in a hallway where you could literally stand a foot behind players and watch and her how the communicate although when world elite was out there i was a little lost. Plus i got to meet Nick Allen, Buddy Hutton, and Riot Daimanatrix. (sorry if i butchered her name i can't remember the exact spelling). It actually was enjoyable and such a different experience for watching a stream or listen to it with there commentary. Overall i had a great time meet new people i felt it was a great way to spend my 18th birthday
0	People hold Police/Firefighters/EMT's/Paramedics to such a high standard expecting them to be able to do anything because of their job title all the time.  Now, before you hit that little downvote button, hear me out.  I'm a former firefighter/emt (and certified paramedic).  Without your equipment, you are USELESS.  You can't even engage in something as simple as holding c-spine (one of the few things you'd even be able to do) because then you are even more useless.   Not to mention that you are now placing another vehicle probably in the way of traffic flowing, or you have to park off to the side and cross traffic to get to the scene.  Also, you are now exposed in the event if someone is rubber necking or not paying attention and slams into the accident scene, which happens more than you probably think.  I've witnessed accidents off duty, sprung into superman mode before realizing I cant do anything.   The best thing you can do is call 911 and give a detailed description of the location, number of vehicles, number of passengers and overall condition of the cars (airbag deployment, if you can see if they were wearing the seatbelts, leaking gas or other fluids, etc).  That information is infinitely more useful than you running around an accident scene with no gloves or other safety equipment, or any equipment in general to do anything.   I also wish people would stop saying he has a  legal  responsibility to stop.  No, he doesn't.
1	After fact checking this article, i noticed that you didn't stop playing ranked, you continued you're rank progression on said smurf account and helped a fellow league player by duo queuing with him.  After 2 days of playing and streaming it, you helped him get to platinum, after winning 2 and losing 2 in his promotional series for platinum with an hour left to go in the season, you carried the team to victory with trick2g'esque jungle tactics as udyr.  Well done, a refreshing perspective on what the league community can and should be.
1	This is so false. In my time of playing league for 2 years I have never once received RP for server issues, and I've gotten IP boosts 2 or 3 times for widespread server issues. Which EUW has gotten as well. I wish this whole "NA gets everything; EUW gets nothing" circlejerk would just stop. Likewise, KR is run by a very separate entity AFAIK so whatever they give out is not comparable to what happens in NA/EUW/EUNE.
0	A less trite summary of my philosophy of shittiness than so far provided:   People are gonna be shitty sometimes. It's part of being people. It is good and healthy to recognize and accept that some of our behaviors and thoughts hurt other people, even if it doesn't lead to self-improvement.   I think that the worst kinds of people are the sorts that do shitty things yet are too self-deluded to appreciate themselves as being sometimes hurtful people. It is also unhealthy to hyper-focus on the shitty things you do to a crippling and self-hating extent.   Self-improvement is great! But even if you're unwilling or not yet ready to put in the effort required to undergo meaningful changes to your own attitudes or behaviors, a realistic and self-aware appreciation for your own actions can make it easier to passively be a less shitty person by choosing the better of equivalently selfish actions that provide different levels of happiness to others. And if/when you are ready for meaningful self-improvement, it's the best place to start from to get the most bang for your trying-to-make-the-world-a-not-so-goddamn-awful-place buck.
0	I have made my bf well aware for the last 4 months that I am extremely exausted from waking up to feed our newborn. He gets up to change her while I make a bottle and feed her for sometimes an hour and I have the pleasure of watching him sleep. By the time I get back to bed I have to be up in half hour to get my other daughter ready for school. He usually gets up to feed the baby after I've been up an hour and I'm crying from watching someone else sleep.
0	The annoying thing is vegan/vegetarian food is super delicious and completely A-OK for non-vegetarians to eat, so they pile it on just like anything else. This causes a problem; vegetarians and vegans have limited options, but their food is consumed just as much as anything else is, leaving them with very little.
1	Ok, I haven't seen anybody else do this, but this is my "standard" >combo every single time I use thresh.   >Basically it drags enemy towards you, drags them a SECOND time >towards you, AND THEN you dash to be behind them, and you can E >them towards your ADC even more! >You can press your Q and hit someone to drag them, then walk >backwards to drag them again, immediately after that you CAN press Q >after you've dragged them and you can dash on them, it will dash you >to the place were you originally grabbed them from, so you will >actually be behind them, you can then push them forward (because >your infront of them) with your E.   >I hope this makes sense, please try it!   >
1	I don't agree with your assessment. Friendly thrash talk is saying: "Yeah, we're gonna be too strong in lane and will totally kick team X' ass". Loco's thrash talk was about how fnatic was going to crash and burn because they're so bad all the teams were gonna walk all over them. And I actually think he partly meant it as a prediction. Saying a team is gonna "crash and burn" in a tournament isn't just saying that YOUR team is gonna kick their asses, it's saying ALL the teams are gonna kick their asses. And that's a bit past friendly thrash talk in my opinion.  edit:
1	Random noob: omg qq they have hecarim stupid noob no ban   Us: I banned Thresh, Blitz, and Amumu, per YOUR request. It's not my fault the enemy team banned Eve, Heimer, and Karma...   Random noob: stupid noob they have pony gg we lose i afk cuz #yolonotenoughbans
0	I'm going to echo a lot of other comments here and recommend cutting out soda entirely, and upping you water intake a ton.   As someone who used to have a love affair with Dr. Pepper myself, I can at least say that it is certainly possible.  Personally, I cut out soda as a teenager due to dental issues, and yes at first it was very tough.  Especially because I soon learned that soda was ubiquitous, and oftentimes at events/meals/gatherings, there would be no other options!   However, in my experience after the first month of two of abstinence, that soda  craving  fades.  Eventually you simply stop even considering it as an option.  These days, I might drink a dozen or so sodas per year, typically just for special occasions like rootbeer floats or trying out foreign soft drinks.  However when I do, I actually don't enjoy it nearly as much as I used to.  When you abstain for a while and try it again, you can actually taste just how sickly sweet and irritatingly carbonated they are; it burns your mouth a bit and you swear that you can feel your teeth start to dissolve.   Another thing that probably would help is water.  A few years ago I made a choice to lean towards water a lot in order to avoid the SweetTea campaign that was ravaging my teeth again.  Again, if you keep at it, and force yourself to carry a water bottle/thermos, or keep a glass by your desk / computer and make sure to drink / refill it constantly, eventually your body adapts and now I actually get thirsty for water often.   Still not ideal, but generally nowadays I typically have 1 glass of juice (read: sugar) and 1 cup of tea per day, and then perhaps 6~8 glasses of water.
1	In all honesty, I don't think it is. At first I was against it, but after some thought, it's not imbalanced or anything of the sort. Sure, it's new and hasn't been done before in LoL (at least to my knowledge), but it's exciting. Just because they have an in-game buff doesn't mean it's op or anything. They don't become invincible. I mean, think about it, if Rengar defeats Kha'zix, it's most likely that he was already doing well, or if he assisted, he's doing something in team fights. It's not that he just gets beefed out randomly. Same with Kha'zix. They can still be killed and they can still lose the game.   I think overall, it's exciting that Riot is implementing something new. I want to see more of this later on in the game, but spread out and in a different manner. I don't want to see a bunch of rivalries that end up in one having to kill the other and having a buff all the time. Maybe something different, like an accessible item when there's a specific champion on the opposing team. I'm glad that Riot is doing this. Sure it may not work well in the beginning, but they can always tweak it and better it.
1	We all know that they are probably working hard, but how come for minor issues(48 hours or less) other servers get free stuff? Information on the issues that they have had. And then we get to EUW, bug out the game for x-amount of weeks and, tell the community squat and give nothing.
1	brodude. dudebro. bro. dude. oh my god man.
0	On the contrary, that is the entire basis of Capitalism. Capitalism has never been a method of distributing wealth, it has only been a method of disbursement.   Capitalism is about making money, not about making sure everyone else has enough. It has NEVER been about the people, and it never will be about the people; because that has nothing to do with it's very nature and core. If I may render this down to an easier to understand point for any who may be unclear on this.   Capitalism is like a forest. When it's young, trees and plants thrive. they grow together, feeding from one another, and working together to make everything sustainable for all involved. If we focus on one particular tree (analogous to a company), we can see how it's growth directly affects the localized ecology. As that tree grows, it provides a resting place for wildlife to come to, and partake of the variable goods offered by that area. Wal-Mart is a perfect example of this. started out small, and took care of the people who depended on it. And, because it thrived in the way that it took care of the people, it was able to grow larger, and support more people. Just like a tree provides protection from sun, shelter from wind, shade for those that require it, and fertilization from the animals that come there, Wal-mart provided a gathering place where people could come and shop for things they knew they needed, and they could afford it; and it brought shipping in with it, which supplied the local town with more business, because people were able to come to it more frequently. But, soon, the tree outgrew it's roots, and was able to sustain itself without the help of the locals, though it managed to continue to supply them with necessities merely as a by-product of it's own growth. And, within only a few decades, you have towering trees, blocking out the sun, absorbing water at an incredible rate, and making it entirely impossible for smaller trees to grow. (don't believe me? visit any Old-Growth Forest, and you'll see that most of the ground is clear because undergrowth can hardly survive, let alone thrive) And the exact same holds true in Capitalism. We have these megacorporations that overshadow the competition so much, that there's hardly any room for anything new to come in.   If that sounds too simplified, or even unfounded, then please educate yourselves and quit buying into the idea that Capitalism was ever designed to help anyone but those who were willing to destroy everyone. [Adam Smith]( was one of the founding fathers of Capitalism as an economic idea, and you can read his books to learn everything I've said here for yourself, or [this]( particular nugget is a fun little nutshell read of the stages of Capitalism, it's bottom of the whole article on the history of Capitalism.
0	ITT: TIL that if you think you speak Internet, Reddit will FTFY.
1	The reason people are downvoting you isn't because you're stating "facts" you're just stating your opinion. It is possible for a support in a different region to be better than a 8th place support in the OGN. You're circlejerking Korea to a ridiculous level right now. Now Aphro wouldn't be first, not at all. He would probably be 6th or 7th if he went and was actually able to communicate with the others, but that is still better than Lustboy. Adding the fact that Lustboy might have trouble communicating with an ADC in NA or EU, it's EASY to say that he wouldn't be the best support in the LCS. The vision game isn't just the supports job anymore. It's very much up to the entire team, so you can't give the supports all the credit in Korea.
0	That's because you're trying to justify it, and thinking about it and stating it so that it sounds justifiable. Think about it from the man's perspective.   Let's call them Adam and Jane. Adam and Jane graduate top of their class, and get high paying jobs. They marry, and Jane decides she would rather stay home and look after the kids, while Adam has to go out and work. Adam works 10+ hour days (because living on a single income with now two kids isn't easy!), and pulls out all the stops to provide for his family. All this works pays off, and he climbs the career ladder and makes partner, with a substantial income. He gives up going to school prizegivings, going on school camps, driving his kids to school each morning, picking them up in the evening, meeting their friends or their friends parents, to provide for his family. He undergoes extreme stress in working these long hours. In the meantime, the kids are old enough to go to school, and Jane still doesn't work. 10 years later, the kids are 15 and 17, and yet she still stays at home all day.   Adam and Jane decide they no longer want to be together, so they divorce. Jane then claims she gave everything up so that Adam could pursue his career, so she should get the benefits of it.   If I were Adam, I would counter with "I gave up my family to provide for my family, so that you didn't have to work. AT LEAST since they've been at school you've had the opportunity to work. You haven't had kids under 5 to look after for 12 years, and there's no reason you couldn't have got a job if you'd wanted to."
0	I had wanted a sweet BMX bike for many years, my parents finally bought one for me.  I rode it into town to buy a lock for it and while inside some assholes rode off with it.   The worst part was that it was some thugs from my school, a few kids were outside and they told me the guy rode off in the opposite direction.  I ran in the direction they pointed but looked back and could see this prick riding off into the sunset.
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
0	Did this at work. Smoked the entire break room and the managers' office. Scared the shit out of the store manager who was about to grab a fire extinguisher before I told her I got this. Stairwell fire exit had to be left open all day and you could smell the charred noodles in the floral department of my store (this is a grocery store). Management bought a new microwave the next day. A week later I asked to cross train into a better department (involving operation of a giant oven and machinery), to which I was obliged on the spot.
1	Riot keeps on saying this is a small issue, that they have bigger fish to fry. I feel like a comprehensive and good death recap will help newer players, as well as great ones, to find out their mistakes, and what they did. It will help new players see what is doing the most damage - AD or AP? It will help those who want to know, actually, what is happening. Riot not implementing a working death recap is just pure laziness on their part. They've known that the current death recap sucks for quite a long time now, and haven't done a single thing.
0	Yes, actually. I'd like you to note though that some lawyers will take your case and only charge you if you win, though. Though a case like this might be hard to prove, that would be up to the lawyer to determine. So... no, it isn't a stupid idea. Proceeding with a lawsuit when no lawyer will handle the case IS a stupid idea.
1	I think the problem with that is just that those items such as Executioner's Calling are too weak. In DotA there aren't very heavy snowball items, the closest analogy they have to Infinity Edge is Butterfly, which is almost pure steroids (just like IE). Every other item is just as strong as each other too, having a relatively equal amount of stat distributions + the value of its' effect, or upgrades to that extent.   For example, Maelstrom -> Mjolnir. Maelstrom would be like our Ionian Spark. Arguably, they are just about equal in their values and effects. However, Maelstrom is actually useful on some heroes in DotA, whereas Ionian Spark is very very rarely used in LoL, and only very specific situations. The difference? Maelstrom can actually upgrade into Mjolnir, which provides a large steroid boost, boosts the effect a little, and is on par with items like Butterfly (relatively). As a result, Mjolnir/Maelstrom is built a lot (again, relative to LoL's Ioninc Spark).   But what about the non-upgradable items from DotA? Shadow Blade/Lothar's Edge, Force Staff, Eul's Scepter of Divinity, all posessing effects, have weak stats, and are relatively cheap (about the same as our Youmuu's Ghostblade, which is a pretty cheap item to get (again,  relatively ), but do not have upgrades. They're all built a  lot  more often than our Ghostblade, even though Ghostblade technically gives more/better stats. Why?  Because their effects are amazing.  They have ridiculously strong active abilities that are literally capable of changing how encounters play out. To that end, players are willing to sacrifice a big-ticket item for them. LoL has  nothing  even remotely close to that. The most influential (offensive) active abilties we have are DFG, Randuin's, Shurelya's, and Gunblade, all of which don't even do that much. Randuin's and Shurelya's are very very passive in nature, DFG is basically Dagon (and you'll notice that Dagon is not used that often in DotA!), Gunblade is never bought for the active as much as it is bought for the stats.
0	I see nothing wrong with what you did. If it's an emergency, you should call an ambulance, the police, the fire department. Anything else is not really an emergency  for the driver .   I had someone try to do the illegal passing thing to me yesterday while I was on my bicycle. It was raining, dark, and I had strobe lights and a headlight. Motherfucker still pulled into the  MARKED  bicycle lane to pass traffic. A bicycle lane that I was currently occupying. I managed to avoid getting hit, and when he had to slow down half a block later, I parked my bicycle directly in front of him and let the rest of traffic pass him.
0	It is because these companies do not trust their staff. Or at least this was historically the case, now it may be more of a custom. The idea that people are tricked into thinking the price is much lower because of one cent is too simple and suggests people are not too bright.   If a product costs 99 cents, staff need to use the register to take out the one cent to give as change. However, if the product is a dollar, staff could more easily pocket the money and never put it through the register. Most people surprisingly wait for the one cent, even if they intend to give it away at the first available opportunity.
1	Dont get me wrong. I love dominion as a gamemode.i love the map and music but i do think it is meant to be fun not competitive. "Its fast and fun" thats dominion. U can do whatever u want on that map. If it were to go competitive it would mean it would get balancing. And dominion is really hard to balance. Its not like SR or TT.
1	First of all, whoever downvoted me, please try and remember reddiquette. It's silly to downvote someone because they shared an experience they had in game.   Now, @karnoculars, you're already talking about level 6 and beyond. One of Udyr's greatest strengths is his lack of an ulti. From 1-5 Udyr has a rather sizable advantage (going W E W Q W, leveling W first, Q second, and E third) in that he can see when you are about to frenzy him, turtle up, and retaliate with a tiger DoT. Going cloth 5 pot gives you immense sustain while doing this, and you should be able to focus solely on farming with minimal interruptions for trading damage.   Again, this is anecdotal, as I've only played this lane once, but if you play Udyr pseudo-passively like this, focusing on farming, you can at worst be even with the Voli. In my case, I was actually zoning him just by farming and popping bear occasionally to scare him off. Getting Ninja Tabi and Wriggle's makes you tanky vs his damage, give you sustain, and some DPS. I don't see how a Voli would be able to trade with you in that situation. Combine that with Udyr's (OP) ability to escape (turtle bear turtle bear until you're safe) and you have an unbeatable laning opponent.   Udyr's biggest (arguably only) weakness is his necessity to be in melee range to do ANYTHING. Volibear doesn't have anything in his kit that allows ranged harass, so he can't really beat Udyr in lane.
1	Hello Twisted Treeline Fans ,   I am a staff member at TheTwistedTreeline.com and I'm here to inform you about the site and some of the great features it has to offer.  I know some others have come before me and made some posts about the site, I just wanted to make an official post just in case some LoL lovers haven't had a chance to check us out yet!     Tier List  available for users to see who is and is not recommended for use in 3v3. TheTwistedTreeline.coms Tier list is made by NA and EUW 3v3 Challenger Tier teams and players.  If you are a Challenger Tier player and want your Tier List featured on the site, PM (private message) TreelineGuru on TheTwistedTreeline.com   Champion Pages  with Champion Spotlights, Ability Videos, Champion Counters, and much more. Each champions page will soon feature live statistics as to how each champion does in the 3v3 game mode.   3v3 Champion Build Guides  and an easy to use Build Creator for you to post some of your own build guides to be voted on by the community.   HD LoL Wallpapers  so that you can customize your desktop to feature your favorite League of Legends Champion.   Items page  which shows the items only usable on The Twisted Treeline in the 3v3 game mode   3v3 Streams  page where you can watch some fellow 3v3 lovers dominate on The Twisted Treeline.  If you stream and want your stream featured on TheTwistedTreeline.coms stream page you can submit your information on the Forums of the site.   Forum  where you and other members can communicate with one another and discuss specific champions or strategy you use in 3v3.   Chat Feature  where you can instant message any other member currently logged onto TheTwistedTreeline.com. If you are short a man for 3v3 this sure is a good way to try and find someone.     Weekly/Monthly Challenges   TheTwistedTreeline.com hosts a Weekly and a Monthly challenge where we allow our users to participate for a chance to win RP and other great prizes. We also are currently holding a sweepstakes where any member that does anything on the site has a chance to win a Razer Naga Hex League of Legends PC gaming mouse.   Free-to-Play 3v3 Tournaments   TheTwistedTreeline.com is currently holding tournaments for NA and EUW.  We are planning on opening registration for an EUNE tournament soon!
1	No but I believe his point is more it would take an insane amount of resources to try and balance this thing, because it as an extremely hard line to walk with something like this, if that stats are even a little too high it could swing things massively and that champ will be perma picked-banned every match and have a crazy winrate, and if the stats are even a little to low, whats the point you will be gimped 90% of the game by losing your pet.   The balance would need to be like draven, IE- Dravens damage is competitive even if you don't catch a single axe, however if each one he catches makes his damage even better, to the point of if you let him juggle without fail he seems OP, but it has an inbuilt counter in that you can see where they are going and dissuade him from catching them.  something similar would have to be done for the pet, such that you can only expect to have the pet active for some of the time and still do competitive damage.
1	So essentially the requirements for all ranks are going down.   Now Riot wanted to maintain their top X% in each of their top tiers. But Riot knew that if they simply rose the requirements for the current ladders the community would freak out and flame Riot for taking away their hard earned rating.   Riot knew this and are essentially doing this but disguising it by making a new rating, diamond, at the top. This will keep the players happy while still maintaining the level of competition and exclusivity of the top ranks of the league.
1	At some random point I decided i just didnt want to be Bronze anymore, there goes my free time -.-' I went on like a 7 winning spree and got from bronze IV to III in 1 day. I guess i was just really lucky (I just rode the freeelo train on zed...) I played Jungle for my very first time and i kinda liked it, then played first time top with zed again and liked it even more, then i played with garen op(also top) and went ham 13-4, im still going but i cant play because of school and stuff :/ My advice to you? Play more roles and try to be atleast neutral, dont give free kills and try to help the other lanes as much as you can. Also my last tip is this  It actually helped me a lot! The people tried their best and got responses leading to ensured wins. Best luck in the fields of justice my friend and fellow bronzie :3 I hope we both get out of this as soon as possible   Sorry for bad englando
0	I once had an appendicitis and my appendix was is a abnormal place. So when it rupture it completely popped and filled my insides with a purple goo. Plus with the fact that it was in the wrong place the doctors didn't find it for almost a month, resulting in an infection and a month in the hospital where I had 8 IV's hooked up to me and was constantly in pain
1	It's not any kind of "elites".It's the worse part of the LoL communty.  Most of them are kids that somehow got to 30 and realised they can't do anything vs people that played as much as them so they create new accounts.Suddenly, they meet people much worse than them, which is something they cannot comprehend.Hence, the blame and the flaming.
1	I have two accounts in ranked, one is my main on EUW (1.7k currently) and the other i use for trying stuff out on EUNE. So on EUNE I was 1.6 last season, after the reset I lost like 8 games in a row trying stuff I wanted to see if it will work (like rushing Avarice on Xin/GP jungle or trying to play Xin vs Panth top (god that was painfull), etc.) I wasn't throwing the games but I couldn't carry and my team didn't either so we lost.   Anyway point is I got to like 1.1k Elo. And then I've noticed I'm getting a lot of trolls in champ select every game, and even when I'm trying stuff out I can't really see if it's working or not because everyone else in the game would do incredibly stupid shit and it was like playing blind pick where people troll build for fun but the players were even worse.  So I decided I need to get some Elo by playing my mains. I played like 20 games and lost 2 I think, right now I'm at ~1.5k.   Seriously the shit people do in this Elo, let me give you some examples :   From 1.1k - 1.3k I just decided to play Pantheon mid, it's the easiest champion to snowball the game with against players with no map awareness and bad lane mechanics/junglers and people who don't know how to use CC. In every game I was able to solo kill my lane opponent because they would start something silly like Doran ring or boots + 3 pots. Just start flask + consumables and keep them at half HP so they thing they are safe and jump them lvl4 for a kill. Sometimes they play so bad you can kill them at lvl2. From there on buy a brutalizer and jump to bot/top. My Pantheon Avarage in ranked is 14/4/7 - 9 wins 3 losses - 2 losses were from my attempts at jungle panth before I started to tryhard, the only time I lost with panth mid was against a Cho mid who started cloth+5 and played super passive giving up farm so I couldn't kill him early on. By the time I got to 6 the team was already losing and my 3 kills ganks didn't really stop the snowball, and we had a jungle Xin with heal/flash... Anyway Pantheon in low Elo is a free win if you can play him, he's never banned, just learn how to kill your opponent with pantheon ~lvl3-4 and you'll be able to snowball most of the games.   From 1.3k on I got bored of spamming Pantheon games so I decided to go top to play my mains, most of the time I play Irelia, thing is nobody can play top lane at this Elo if you know how to take advantage of them. For eg.     I was laning vs Darius last game who used his W to get a CS and then went on to try to 1v1 me at lvl4 with my W up while my wave was pushing - he flashed out of the exchange when I ignited him at 30% HP while I was at 60%.     Singed in a 1.4k game, I started flask+pots+ward and warded my tribrush lvl2, Singed sees me leave and come back without a ward and Vi still comes to gank top trough tribrush and going for a lane gank. Wave was already pushing so I just wait at tower and farm under it, so Vi spends like 1 min camping top, then Singed suddenly ghosts activates Q and runs at me under tower, and flings me. This is at lvl3, I stun him hit him 2 times and ignite him, FB. Vi just walks out of the bush. Then I push him out of the lane when I hit 6 without using my ult and my Ignite is back up, Vi comes to hold top, lvl5 with red. I auto her because she's in my face and she decides to 1v1 me, so I get a red buff. Meanwhile my team has a jungle Warwick who didn't put a point in to his E as far as lvl10 (don't know when he decided to take it but I know he failed a gank because he couldn't chase a Singed at lvl10).     Olaf vs Garen top, Garen counter picks him self and I'm winning the lane easily and then the enemy jungle/mid decided to chase our mid all the way to our wolf camp, I caught them from behind got double kill and double buff, poor Garen didn't stand much chance against that but then Dianna mid came top and tries to 1v1 all in me at lvl7, a 3/0 Olaf with a Warmog - she flashes as I hit her with E for the kill and dies anyway burning flash.     I had to play Jungle so I decide to give Xin another try (serious this time, no more AFK famr in to avarice before madred), I figured their jungle Nocturne will start blue->red->top so I started red->blue->countergank for lee vs rumble. I got smiteless (because I asked), come top waiting in tribrush, Nocturne isn't there so I go check his red, he shows up from river and lee runs towards me in their tribrush, Rumble figures out if he's running that way I must be there to help him but Nocturne chases anyway, FB for lee. Rumble gets pissed off and says "report nocturne", "I'm AFK", "or no I troll", he gets back to lane, gets pushed out by double buff lee sin and goes to bot lane and feeds a kill and then goes AFK. Before that I counter gank bot for a double kill and one for our ADC because Nocturne tried to gank with no buffs lvl3.
1	Vayne's lategame is overrated, lucian will get more damage off in 1 combo rotation - enough to kill vayne 1 on 1 or kill the enemy carry. Any player is smart enough to avoid getting stunned by vayne. Vayne's low range makes teamfighting extremely hard with her, because she will die in 1 second. What also makes vayne's teamfighting pretty bad (Compared to other ADCs which are favored right now) is her single target damage. She ONLY has single target damage. That means she has to maul on 1 target to deal high damage with silver bolts. In a real game with a real teamfight - this would be impossible. Vayne's low range simply doesnt allow that. And the tradeoff's she makes is not compensated by damage. Kog'Maw and Jinx both deal more damage than vayne while still having some AoE damage and high range. However a fed vayne is deadly in the right hands. The problem is, you can not rely on getting fed. Lucian has such high damage output because of his autoattack-reset abilities, his passive, his passive that crits and his high damage abilities.   Jinx and KogMaw have a better lategame. Yeah true, but they lose out on dueling power which lucian has in exchange for teamfighting power. The thing is though, jinx and kogmaw lack mobility. It makes focusing them down extremely easy while its hard to kill Lucian. Lucian is the entire package lategame. With any other adc you have to make sacrifices.
1	She has the best kiting in the game already, she doesn't need a nice escape or huge burst because she is arguably the safest ad carry in fights. she has a cv so she doesn't get jumped, a auto attack and w slow which makes reaching her a bitch. a hard stun with infinite range (great for initiation or getting a flash+gapcloser brusier off your face) and higher permanent range than any other ads except cait and trist.
0	Similar sort of thing I can compare to this that just happened in the last two weeks around where I live.  A guy my age from a town near where I used to live just passed away (still don't know why.  Don't really want to bother asking someone).  At least 20 people I have as friends on Facebook have made multiple posts per day everyday for the last week about "how much the miss him"  and how they're crying about him being gone and all this shit like that.  Like first day was understandable but days after they're still acting like it just happened.  Its gotten to a point where I'm sick of seeing this kids name on my Facebook wall. People are continuing to post on this dead kid's Facebook wall days after he passed away.  Its starting to seem to me like some of the people at just trying to one up one another on what they're posting and how broken up they can seem.  Other side of my story,  the father of a friend of mine passed away just this last week,  and he is taking it much better than people are taking this kid's death.  Talked to him in person for a good 2 hours and he said the day it happened he was sad about it,  but after that he just kept going like normal and tried to be happy and remember all the good times he had with his father, not just mope around and act like his world is ending,  because that's not what his dad would have wanted him to do.  His is by far dealing with his father's death a lot better than these people I know who have known this kid who died for maybe a few years at most.
1	Regi is a scrub and probably a horrible boss. However, he is the boss, and when they lose games it effects him more than the other players, due to TSM being his company.   All these people hating on Regi, for him not being a super nice guy to his employees, are most likely people who has never had a proper job and/or people who dont function too well in a work environment.   I am the headchef at a restaurant, whenever i get a new order, i tell people what to do, and when people dont do as I tell them to, something bad usually happens like guests wait longer for their food than they should. Not only is the food delayed, but it also messes with my head, cause during service i have to keep track of many things, so if one guy dont do as told, i have to make new plans and such. I feel like I can relate to Reginalds anger cause its the same situation just in a different environment.   For these reasons I fully understand why Reginald gets angry when people dont follow his calls.   English is not my main language, but I really had to try and get my point through as Ive had it with all these kids bashing on Reginald for taking care of his business.
1	Monopolies derive their market power from barriers to entry  circumstances that prevent or greatly impede a potential competitor's ability to compete in a market...  Network externalities: The use of a product by a person can affect the value of that product to other people. This is the network effect. There is a direct relationship between the proportion of people using a product and the demand for that product. In other words the more people who are using a product the greater the probability of any individual starting to use the product. This effect accounts for fads, fashion trends,[12] social networks etc. It also can play a crucial role in the development or acquisition of market power. The most famous current example is the market dominance of the Microsoft office suite and operating system in personal computers." see wikipedia.
0	Depends on how you look at it. These other tribes who were ordered murdered and killed had at one time had the chance to follow God and accept him- Melchezedek was a king in Canaan who followed God when Abraham went through the area.   Omnipotent, omniscient God understood that these cultures would corrupt his chosen people to whom his law had been given, and ordered them destroyed to prevent total apostacy (and had Israel had done that, it would have been one generation, during a war for territory)  Yes, he commanded order and brought wrath, but it was to keep his people set apart in their land.   Wierd laws like the animal sacrifice you mentioned were to keep people from giving god their flawed and broken creatures. He's not a fan of leftovers. Other things like the dietary/clothing rules were to keep his people special so that outsiders could easily identify jewish folk and ideally through their righteousness show God's superiority to heathen deities.   The concept of heaven/hell club is not about knowing/following God. Its about being perfect under the law. And everyone has as sometime broken the moral Code of God. Even in cultures where very little of the law is taught, all people have failed it at some point, which is where that virgin baby self-son comes in.
0	When I was 15-ish many years ago now, my dad picked me up from school as he usually did, and then we went to the bank for him to do some business at the drive through teller thing. While we were waiting, the sun was shining down into the cab of his truck and we were just sitting there talking.   Then he notices something on my face, and says, hey let me see something, and he runs a finger on my face under my chin and across my upper lip, and says: "Well, you'll need to learn how to shave now."   Later that night after I've showered and dressed he asks me to come to the bathroom with him.   He sits me down, explains all of what OP has said, and directs me in the best way to shave given my beard grain direction, and watches me as I lather up and give it a go. Then he says: "Son, just wait a year or two before you let it grow out"   Thanks, Dad.
0	Nice!   My own epic college senior final story goes like this... I had every class done and just had to pass a Spanish 102 class. BTW I suck at languages. I'm amazed that I can speak English. So I take Spanish 102 in the summer after I walked. I haven't taken Spanish in 6 years. Went to class everyday and sat front and center. I probably studied harder for that class than I did in any of my classes in my major. OK, so it was the last day of class, time for the final. I was up all night studying and the final was my only chance to pass. It's time for final to start and the teacher isn't there. Five minutes later she walks in only holding her purse. I ask myself, "Where are all the tests?" She then says the most amazing thing I heard in my college career. "OK guys, so I have your final here (holds up one test), I was going to make copies this morning, but the copy room is locked and the only person with the key went on vacation yesterday. So....no final!" At first I was overjoyed, but then quickly realized that I needed a good grade on it to pass. Then she says, "If you want to discuss what your grade would have been if you took the final come talk to me." I jumped out of my desk and in a worried tone I explain how I have been working so hard and really thought I would have done well enough to pass. She puts her hand on my shoulder and says, "L84Tahoe, I know all the hard work you put in, I'm giving you a B in the class." I immediately hug her and thank her and run out of the room screaming that I just graduated! I went directly home on my bike and had the best feeling I have ever experienced. (BTW I have been told for pretty much my whole life that I wouldn't amount to anything and I was dumb. Many middle fingers were thrown up in the air to those fucking teachers.)
1	I was a season 3 Diamond 2 ADC and am currently Diamond 4 (haven't played much this season)   Proof:   I have played 50-100 games on the PBE with these changes and hope i can provide some insight. As a disclaimer these may be totally off what will actually happen due to meta changes, etc. These are my opinion, however, from watching ADC pros my thoughts seem to coincide with theirs.     Double Doran's into IE seems to be the most common as well as most potent build at the moment. Especially since attack speed is getting buffed pretty significantly. More attacks and more crit chance means more dmg overall. Botrk/Triforce builds seem okay as well. In general, think Season 2 style itemization.     Caitlyn, Jinx, Kog'Maw, Trist seem to be the strongest from my testing but keep in mind this is my opinion and meta changes will also change what people pick. Playable tier seems to be Corki, Ezreal, Lucian, Twitch, Vayne.     The new item is not very good at all. It wont replace any item you need to build so wouldn't even consider it on any ADC other than maybe Blue Build Ezreal. Look to build the new item in other roles!     Do not rush Bloodthirster, it is infinitely better to rush IE. Triforce rush seems okay as well. Think of Bloodthirster as a defensive item before your defensive item if that makes sense. It might be better to get Zeal before Greaves due to the cost changes on both items. Scimintar is very strong as well. Will probably see this over Banshee's in most cases now.       I also think it is important to mention that healing/shielding supports will probably be a lot more popular with the new support item. 25% attack speed for 6 seconds with no internal cooldown is pretty nice and it's pretty cheap. Also, Scimintar will be a much better choice also due to the massive price increase on Crucible.   Despite what other people have posted I think double lifesteal builds aren't good and will only get worse with this patch. Just makes even less since with lifesteal getting nerfed, becoming more expensive, and doing less dmg than an IE build in nearly every scenario. However, BT as a defensive item might be a viable choice.   I think the ADC role will be more snowball and carrying then it is now. You will have less starts to keep you alive early but autoattacking dmg will be at an all time high and spike much sooner than in the past. These changes are both buffs and nerfs. Overall, I think they're buffs in every way except staying alive early/mid game.   Like I have mentioned before this is all my opinion, I have done some math on these changes and think what I listed will hold true. If you have any questions feel free to ask and I will try and get to them when I can. If you disagree that's fine, no reason to freak out :P just wait it out and see what the pros build (which I'll be doing as well).
1	TRM did not get benched . > To Clarify: Chaox, Xpecial, Oddone and I wanted to scrim and practice more, TRM wanted to solo queue. When we disagreed, TRM decided to step down.   For anyone that watched your stream (which is apparently NOT one damn person on Reddit out of the thousands) after TSM won IPL4 knows that you gave TRM an ultimatum: if TSM does well with Dyrus at IPL4, Dyrus is taking TRM's spot. But if Dyrus does worse, TRM would keep his spot.   TSM won with Dyrus. TRM left the house immediately after the finals was over.   The other reason TRM was benched was because, as you stated on stream, you had asked TRM to practice a few champions like Vlad and he never did it. One of the reasons you picked up Dyrus was because Dyrus was willing to play Vlad.   I'm surprised how, literally, the DAY after you explained what really happened on stream, no one on Reddit was talking about it and continued harping on the "he wanted to practice solo queue" reason given in the announcement.
0	This actually occurred to me once at the age of 16.   To defend myself I was in Germany and was heavily intoxicated after having drank quite a few beers at multiple places.  Being 16 and a little over 120 lbs I was handed a literal glass of what I assumed to be water since it was blatantly obvious how drunk I was. Also, who hands someone a GLASS of vodka. That's just preposterous right? Wrong. Apparently at this bar in the lovely town of Muenchen (aka Munich - don't have umlauts so used ue) this was typical. So being thirsty I quickly drank what was in front of me.   Immediate reaction? Puked everything I had drank over the past hour on the bar.
1	thats a lot of leaving imo,   i have over 400 wins and 6 leaves, all due to fucked up connection/computer crashed once, and 1 time, just once,   i had to get up and leave due to an emergency,   an easy way to avoid leaves,  is to play when you KNOW you have nough time, and NOT join a match if you have had latancy issues in the last hour,   be considerate, cause when a match is 10 levels in and youre complaining about lag, then leave, it ruins the match for the rest of us.
1	My understanding is that,     Something that applies %HP dmg hits you (i.e. Blade of the Ruined King, or Vayne's Silver Bolts)     How much dmg it will do to you is based on your current or total HP (this is calculated at the time of collision)     But the dmg is multipled against your current resistances (armor of BoTRK or magic resist of Liandry's Torment), then subtracts this amount out of your "life pool" (not an official term).     Your "life pool" pool includes. HP, normal shields (barrier, janna's shield, Bloodthirter Shield, Locket of the Iron Solari), MR exclusive shields (Lifeline passive, Kassadin's Null Sphere, Morgana Black Shield...)
0	American law as follows: Arrest is one option of formally bringing a charge against a person. A uniform ticket is another. Most state's traffic tickets- if you look at the ticket it says "date of arrest" on it yet people are not taken to jail for running red lights ( can be though) there are plenty of criminal offenses which have the option to be "cite and release" too. An arrest is based on probable cause "51%".   The over simplified version is "are there enough facts to believe that the Defendant could have commited this crime, true or false?" If true, arrest.  If  false -release from custody.   An arrest is not a conviction. Conviction is found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt (think 95% sure the Defendant did it.) in any cases the officer is the key decision for the prosecution. And can drop the charge even before it get to court. Plea bargain, pre trial diversion programs and reduced sentences can all hinge on the officer's words. We have a job to do. And if you make that easier (even if it sucks for you short term) we are more likely to help you as much as we can.
0	Yes because everyone knows cheaters are moral people who cant lie or keep a secret from their significant other.   You should base all you faith on her words, excuse me while i go back into my black and white box of a preschool teenager who still believes cops are good and robbers are bad mentality.
1	Hey man! Speaking [ from experience ]( as someone who's worked in eSports for almost two years (contracts and work with Riot, Azubu, LoLKing, ggChronicle, [quoted on Polygon]( the easiest way to find a gig is to take the talents that you have and build a reliable portfolio where people can see you're worth the money you're asking.   You haven't listed any portfolio or previous work in your post, which is basically asking for people to take you at face value and your passion; I'm going to get the harshness out of the way early when I say that you and thousands of other people want the same thing right now. What makes you special?   eSports is a very reputation-based industry, and if you can prove that you do good work on time without being shady, work really tends to fall in your lap. However, the kicker is that you need to be able to find people who are willing to  pay  for your services, because most teams outside the top spots don't have money for people on a full-time or even contract basis work. A lot of people are going to want your work for little-to-no money, and it's up to you to be able to rationalize taking it (if it's a project that you believe in) or turn it down due to principle.   It's a long, long grind, and outside of a few outlier cases, you're not going to shoot to the top overnight, or from a front-page Reddit topic. In my experience, you need to be able to do things  consistently  well and not get burnt out: burnout is the mind-killer, especially when you're doing things for free, or for little-to-no return.   My advice: get a LinkedIn, find some eSports related groups that will need professional services like yours. Start a Twitter and start interacting with people ([I've written two pay-what-you want eSports eBooks on Twitter]( Like any other job, you need to be able to  prove and show  your worth and skill-set before anyone is going to notice you.   That being said, there's a lot of stuff you need to keep in mind. [If you want to read more about the lows of my eSports journey so far, check this out]( Also:     Patience is the number one quality you can have. Whether it's waiting way too long for a paycheck, or dealing with people who don't communicate very quickly, you need to be good at waiting.   Work for free to build up your portfolio, but the  minute  someone wants to pay for your stuff, never work for free again.   Network with people who have similar values and goals as you. This keeps your motivation up, since you want to succeed together.   Start your  own  project if opportunities aren't there. Want to webdev? Start building free templates for people. Journalism? Start writing. Analysis? Create videos on YouTube. Coaching? Volunteer for an amateur team. Design? Start creating.  You cannot rely on Reddit or magic in order to get you work. You must create, show value and seize success yourself.   Realize that your success doesn't dictate your value as a person, and that Reddit upvotes and hits mean nothing if they aren't generating you work leads.   Use the fact that no one knows who you are (or cares, for that matter) to experiment and fuck up spectacularly (at least, not in ways that will get you a bad reputation). Get all the mistakes out of the way early (bad audio, lighting, coding, whatever) so by the time people are actually  noticing  your work and attaching it to your name, you've worked out the kinks and found a product you like doing. I know the temptation is to not start until everything is perfect, but if you do that, you'll never start. If you want to write, start a Tumblr, don't worry about the theme or SEO, and  JUST START .   Invest in a therapist if you're going to go the freelance hustle route. Seriously, it's worth it.     Good luck.   Added value ! Here's a venn-diagram I made for someone who was wondering how to find their own niche yesterday. These aren't hard-and-fast values, because you can sacrifice in certain areas as long as you're aware of how it affects the others.   [Link](
1	What are you talking about their release champion balance is fine   Lucian - Everyone thought he was UP then he got 2 very little buffs and suddenly everyone think he's OP   Jinx - Strong lane bully and her AS steroid got nerfed a bit on release but overall very balanced   Vel'Koz - Fine on release he's good at what he does and I can't think of any changes that have happened to him   Yasuo - Everyone thought he was OP on release then he got a small buff and a range nerf and people think he's fine   Braum - Well we're in the phase where everyone will think he's too strong but give it time and he'll be fine.  He's probably a tad too strong but not compared to how OP everyone thought Yasuo was on release
1	The fact that he has an easy escape is the reason. That was the entire point. You went on to talk about why it was right to remove talon's silence, valid, but totally missing the point.   Zed can do just about as much upfront damage as Talon as talon is very item dependent and needs to be fed to start really bursting (zed fed does the same amount of damage as fed talon in about the same amount of time, exception being if talon is locked down or killed he doesnt get a 2nd part to the damage to finish the job.)   In order to burst fast on talon is requires a ton of practice and skill to properly cancel all your autos and skills.   The skill that Talon requires is decision making. "Is this the right time to go in? Do I know where the jungler is? How about top and bot, who is MIA? If I go and blow my skills am I going to be surprised by a gank?   Champs like Zed and LB don't have to worry about that because after they blow their load so to speak they have an easy oh shit button to get back out or to at least split their escape route giving them options. You don't even have to choose whether you initiate or escape with them as after you initiate you can blink back to start on both.   Making zed actually stay to fight for a second on a kit that allows him to have escape options every 10 seconds only adds in the difficulty of choosing your moment and not bull rushing into 5 people knowing you will still get out free.
1	Remember seeing this here on /r/leagueoflegends but it disappeared (might of been for a good reason, hellafunny.)
1	I disagree , early game jungles ( Lee , Kha , Pant , Elise , etc.) , if you compare them to support junglers ( Maokai , Amumu ,Naut etc ) are actually I dare to say no risk high reward . If you have Lee agasint Amumu , you will mostly never be scared of ganking lanes , due to the fact that you will usually win 2vs2 engages , if you ever meet Amumu in his jungle with red buff on , you will with high chances secure yourself a kill , because hands down all you have to do is to slow him aa him to death flash when he flashes and hit Q .
1	Can we  please  upvote one of these to the front page so people stop asking about it?   [Here's the answer, OP](
0	Ex-mo here. Mormonism is very much a religion of lifestyle and ritual. You not only go to church for 3 hours every Sunday, but you accept unpaid assignments such as Sunday school teacher, bishop, Nursery teacher, clerk, etc. You follow a strict "health" code - no coffee, tea, tobacco, alcohol, recreational drugs, dress code - must have sleeves, no low cut shirts, shorts/skirts to the knee, no unusual hair styles, no body piercings other than one hole in each ear for women, no tattoos. Of course there's no sexual activity of any kind before marriage, in fact many are taught to suppress even sexual thoughts or anything that makes you feel aroused. No swearing. Women and men are expected to fill traditional gender roles and support traditional gender roles in society. Marry a Mormon and make lots of Mormon babies. Go to the temple often and perform spiritual rituals. Pay 10% of your income to the church. Do lots of community service. Mormonism has an entire culture and mindset and education system that totally shape the mind and life of a person in it. If you're dedicated to it then it dictates every aspect of your life and identity, and it teaches that if you don't follow all the rules and do all the things, you need to or God will be disappointed in you. Sorry for wall of text, on my phone
0	No that pearson shit is a super cam.  It's SaaS that you buy a licesnse to use FOR A SEMESTER! and the account is tied to your student email - your teacher posts tests and homework and you have to complete it on through the pearson site.  They have it for chem/bio/math ect. now.
1	Use your q to get on a minion behind him when he flamethrowers your ass and THEN stun him.  So much of rumbles damage is focused in his positioning.  If you can force him to turn with you to do damage you'll avoid a lot of it.
1	dig and crs played aram, mlg got mad, complained to riot, since riot pays mlg to keep dota out, riot and mlg collude and pressure both dig and crs to say they cheated and dqed them to serve as the precedent
0	Actually, when I read it, your reply did not include:   >Fallacies like ad-hominid don't change the truth value or underlining foundations over the overall argument - what you mean to say is - it provides a good straw-man and or moreover red-herring for people like you that don't have an argument.   Whether you added that before or after my reply is irrelevant. Nor does the lack of clarity or grammatical accuracy. Or the irony that you accuse me of making an  ad hominem  attack, and then close by saying "people like you that don't have an argument." In case you're unclear...that's an ad hominem attack.   I have next to no idea what you're trying to say here, it reads like a random selection of philosophy dictionary buzzwords, but I think you mean that attacking a person does not change the value of an argument. Which is true by the definition of the ad hominem fallacy, so that statement is an oxymoron. Presumably you also mean that attacking a cited piece of evidence is a good substitute for a cogent argument, which is more valid, but still not entirely so, since any argument requires picking apart the opposition's evidence. So all in all I have no idea what you're on about.   I care not about your argument as pertaining to atheists and marriage etc, but only about pointing out the reason for your downvotes (that's why you initially asked a question, remember) was that you unnecessarily insulted someone because you had one piece of evidence to contradict them.
0	No its not that. Its the condescending pretentious ass attitude everyone has. The attitude you just displayed now, as well as in your previous post. We know only one side of this story yet you are 100% sure this kid is an asshole. I, on the other hand, am merely proposing he might have had other factors affecting his decision that were not taking into account.
1	It has something to do with vision and it is blue side exclusive. I tested it with noc on the enemy team and Tf on the other team. Both was resulting in the expected way.   That means that with a noc using Paranoia the game does not brake for the Xerath's team member because they dont have vision of Xerath.   With a Tf on the opposite team using Destiny, the game breaks for everyone.   You also have to stay in the relative middle of the respawn pad as a xerath.   A theory of mine is that Xerath's Q is doing damage on the Nexus Obelisk. However the code of the Obelisk tells the game that it is invulnerable. So these two lines of code contradict each other and the game breaks.
1	I've personally played a lot of bot games. And I agree with the 800 to 1000 range. However it really depend on what bot you are facing too, brand and cassiopeia are both pretty damn accurate and has the potential to 100 to 0 you. Another problem is the people in the same elo. Two people who both are around 1300 can be on a completly different skill level.
0	Well then, you clearly know nothing. Let me break it down for you, from an engineering prospective, comparing a non worker to a subway worker trying to get a job.   Firstly, Health and Safety in the workplace. A no brainer really, you learn certain health and safety practices. Sure, theyre mostly obvious, but at least an employer know that you know them.   Next, we have communication skills. You learn how to inteprit what a customer wants, and how they want something done. If youre working for a company that manufactures, you can show that youre able to make something to a customers specification.   Continuing in the same vein, you can show that you are aware of the concepts of correct assembly ie, you dont start with the sauce, same with you dont put the wheels on a car until you have the axels in place.   And then theres keeping logs, something an engineer will do alot.   Comparing 2 people with the same education, same grades, same background etc, except that one of them worked at subway whilst they studied, who's gonna get that job?
1	Random passive isn't truly random it's controllable. His rage decay isn't enough to make it so he can't stack up and wait for the fight to happen. And even if it goes down if he has bork it takes like four autos and spells and it's up again. (I see a strong similarity to Yasuo when people said "Oh his q is so hard to use he'll never be able to ult without help"). Mega Gnar has so much CC that it is almost impossible to out trade him, plus the health bonus. ANd he has a FREE ranged poke on like a 2 second CD with % magic damage, and speed boost. Mega Gnar's ult is a game changing ult that can be combined with his intense CC.
0	I won't go into saying you're poison like that other fella (HELLO OP'S EX!), but rather tell you what I've done.   I was in a similar situation, though with girls. You need to set the standard from the start. Establish your independence and your need to something simple.   I've turned many girls that way, and I usually said it before I got physical or not long after. I ended up with more emotionally stable beings and have found a girlfriend I feel connected to and feel the same way about her as she does me.   It's my experience/my 2 cents on it. Don't need to use that, but you might want to figure out a way, because that situation....wow, that was something haha
0	OK, so I've never told this story to anyone. But on my wedding night, on a cruise, my wife and I hooked up with a hot blonde. I was really hammered and I started talking to this girl and my new wife sealed the deal. (yes, still married) We bring this girl back to our awesome suite on the ship and I bang both of their brains out. Drunk as fuck mind you.   Honestly, I remember very little. I remember them wearing lingerie and us all having sex in the shower and I remember having anal with a young girl I just met.   Anyway, I wake up, hungover. Bad, bad hangover. The girl is there, I don't even know her name. She wakes up while I'm still laying in bed with my head spinning and thanks us for the night and leaves.   My wife and I decide it was a crazy night and go to the deck to get some breakfast. So I get some food and try eat my first plate. I then decide to get seconds.   When I walk up to the line, there is a girl wearing sunglasses that says hi to me and asks how I'm doing. I look at her very puzzled and say I'm "fine"  and walk away. I was kinda short because I figured she was some girl I talked to last night when I was hammered.   Nope. It was the girl from last night that I banged out in every orifice in her body.   I found this out later as I talked to her later in the night when I saw her out again at the club. She said she was really upset when I dismissed her like that. She said she could barely walk the next day because of me and I didn't even know who she was. I did feel slightly bad.   After the cruise we ended up hooking up again on my birthday which was a fun time.
0	You would be Superman if you could point to any songs by Bush that were good.   I dunno, it depends how old you are (I stress again that I do not know what Middle School is) and who bought you up and what you were exposed to. My point about "amazed" is when you live through something, when it leaves an impression on your brain, it is sometimes a shock to find that its time has passed.   I used to be shocked when I met kids who could not remember the Falklands War... because at the time,  for me, it was huge, all consuming and shocking. And then, whilst still thinking of myself as young, I started to meet people who were too young to remember, then people who were not born then, then people who were born well after. My last girlfriend was born 11 years after that conflict.   So... at first, when this process begins, you think "kids.... they are so ignorant and stupid... why would they not know about X" (X being Kurt Cobain, or 9/11, or the Falklands).   Then you realise... "... well actually... they were a bit young, but I would have thought they would have heard of it...".   Finally the mind goes ".... hold on, its not they are stupid, its that I have aged... why would they know or care about X? They were born 5 years after it happened and have their own culture and agenda..."   I am not saying its amazing kids can think.... or that it is amazing any kids have absorbed any culture. I am just saying when you consider there is no reason for someone to know everything that happened in the decade(s) before their birth, especially when there are plenty of current things happening,  then that can be amazement.
0	I find this truly an interesting test of a persons financial status growing up. It is usually also a indication of the class of person, not always. Seeing someone request a steak anything above medium rare seems that they have never had a good steak or one prepared correctly. I have family that is rich and family that is poor so I see a stark contrast in how each orders food. Wealthier people almost always order a steak medium rare to rare and no steak sauce, or ketchup (cringe). There is a reason McDonalds puts ketchup with everything, including their shakes. It is to mask the poor/bland flavor of their food. The reason people had to cook their steaks so much was to prevent food born illness due to poor refrigeration and lack of money so food was kept on the shelf longer. This was also the reason most southern food is so spicy, they were some of the last states to get refrigeration so meat was often rancid and spices were used to mask the bad flavors.
1	I'd look at the items Panth and Kha'zix are getting. They are both almost completely physical damage dealers who often get an early Brutalizer/LW. As Vayne/Janna, your typical build does not include armor. However, in a lane like this, you may want to get some armor to counter a physical all-in lane's armor pen. Otherwise they are likely gonna do true damage to you/Janna.
1	I dont care about Chaox opinions, or any other proplayers opinions. Let them have it, then suddenly someone comes out of nowhere, rapes them with something "unviable" and suddenly it has always been strong and viable.   Pros are human, and even though they have great teamcomps and stuff i feel like, they have no idea what they are doing. They are entitled to their opinions and dont really try new stuff. Maybe buildorder changes. Thats about it. But with all that Soloq, you could not possibly have time for it.
1	the most hyper protagonist in history moves to the laziest town in the world. she gets everyone off their lazy asses by introducing them to a superhero that is incapable of walking. the guy just does back-flips everywhere he goes.
1	Platinum jax main here. I can honestly say about 85% of the time I play jax it's vs renekton in solo queue and while I cant tell you how to beat him as anyone other than jax I have a few tips as jax if you play him.     Level 1  as jax may be the only time pre level 11 you can go toe to toe with renekton. Start  by leveling E and kill the melee minions ASAP then while your passive is still fully stacked move behind renekton and basic attack him drawing caster creep aggro.  Start your E let it charge the full time while you auto move with the renekton and blocking the caster attacks increasing the damage of your E. Since most renektons start Q or E if done right you can usually pull off a favorable trade and get him the half health. Which will allow you to hit level 2 first. If your E is off CD and he is still level 1 run in with E charging ignite to stop any life steal from his q and all in him. Only use your Q after he flashes. You get first blood. The lane is still hard but you can come back with a 2nd Doran blade which will help getting through the early game. (This works vs shyvana too, I noticed zionspartan doing this in the lcs as jax in both his games vs shyvana. ) I can honestly say this works about half the time and as jax your level 1 vs renekton can decide how you will do in lane.     Always buy strong early game items. Renekton is a terror early game, you need at least 2 Doran items to make it out of that lane as Jax. This also works for  Irelia as well.
1	I think your analogy might be a little off here, but it may also be the league system causing it. According to you it's about gaining LP to get to the next division, the point of solo queue, however, is not about getting as high on the ladder as possible, it's about the improvement you make by climbing the ladder. The league system causes this by dividing everyone, motivating them to go up a division/tier.   You must not compare the ladder to work, but rather to school. School is not just about making it to college or the next class, it's about your progress. When you make progress, you learn and you get to go to a higher level/class. When you don't learn (enough), you have to repeat a year or drop a level. It's the same with solo queue, if you learn, you progress, when you don't, you'll be stuck in the same division/tier and eventually maybe drop down. As for the league system itself, it's like you are competing against classmates with tiers/divisions, while you are really only at school for yourself to make it to the next class and to pass your exams.
0	Being a black male in college is pretty damn sweet.     They don't have enough so standards are low. [This kid with non-perfect scores was accepted to every single Ivy league college.]( Sure he's african, but he's also male, he's a minority of minority.     Once you get there you have lines of black women lining up for you. My roommates would play nba 2k14 and have at least 10 girls just drop by and hang out at any time to watch.     You're assumed to be an athlete or friends with the football players.       But there are downsides.
1	Kassadin is fine... dude... I just played a game of Kassadin top and Kassadin mid and I did fine. I got camped a lot which was suspected during the top game since 0 escapes pre-6 but I survived and ended up with more farm then my opposing top lane member and while I will say I didn't hard carry, me getting focused from the mid laner and the jungler and the top laner wasting rumble ult just to clear the waves against me. It allowed my other 2 lanes to carry really hard.
0	Due respect, but as an American server, we have to default to what American culture dictates a server is expected to do. If you know what you want from a server, and you know that you're not likely to get it without asking, just be clear with the server when you sit down.
1	With all these reworks happening right now (Olaf, Zyra, Heimer, etc.), I feel like people need to understand why Riot is doing this.   First, I can totally understand that you don't want your favorite champion nerfed/changed.   However, people need to keep in mind that Riot does NOT rework champions to make them stronger/weaker or to make them competitively viable.   The sole purpose of all the reworks is to create a more healthy champion that is aesthetically sound, fun to play as, fun to play against, has counterplay, and to grant them the ability to tweak the character with number changes.   Was Heimer fun to play as? Definitely. Was the champion fun to play against? Hell no. He was a splitpushing terror, with long range poke that couldn't be avoided other than staying out of range, offered little to no ability to outplay other than jump his ass and kill him quickly. He was just a huge nuisance.   Was Olaf fun to play as? Probably. Was he fun to play against? Hell no. He had 300+ truedamage on a low cooldown making the lane extremely annoying for melees, no one could duel him with his undertow spamming, if you played AD carry you hated your life as you can't peel him. They changed him so there is a way to outplay him. They changed him so he makes more sense aesthetically: A berserker that doesn't give a fuck and murders that one target, instead of a berserker that gets extremely tanky. Now he is exactly what he's supposed to be. All that's left is buffs to his numbers to make him balanced.   Is Zyra fun to play as? Yup. Fun to play against? Not really. She is portraited as a naturefocused champion that uses plants to do her job. She does not do that at this moment. The reason why she is so strong is because she has so much burst with her other spells, that her plants become 'a good addition' other than 'her primairy tools'. She is not aesthetically sound, and is not in the place Riot wants her to be. THAT is why she's reworked.   The same applies to Xerath, who is portraited as a long range siege champion. However, while he does have long range, it's not his main purpose. At this very moment, he is more a burst caster who 100-0's you than a long range artillery. He makes no sense aesthetically and is not satisfying enough to play as (low playrate even though he's extremely strong), hence the rework.
1	This has been discussed over and over. I have removed it because reposts are not permitted.     Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	Maybe you guys will disagree with me, but AD Kennen kind of is a manaless ADC, or am I wrong? Of course he wasn't/isn't intended to be an ADC, but still he can be used as ADC quite effectively. However his q basically deals no damage, when playing AD and can be only used to gain stacks for his passive, naturally his e too does not much damage. His w is quite nice though (the passive boosted shuriken not the active)!
0	That's exactly what you did, the best
1	Imo, I think this music is fine, other than actual league music, nothing else fits, Rock is an odd choice, Pop doesent fit lol, Jazz/casual is too slow for big, epic tourneys.  The only other music I could think of that might fit would be Epic music such as United we Stand, Divided we Fall by 2 Steps From Hell.
1	I can't listen to LS, mostly because all the people he's vilifying that "don't know anything", he's the same, he's just saying the opposite.  XJ9 did some heinous shit.  we all agree on that.  why LS is getting anxiety because of it, i have no idea, because he's a drama queen?   at 16/17 you know right and wrong, my niece, she's 6, knows right and wrong.  i'm not a dr, but XJ9 does seem like he has a screw loose somewhere.  i don't think he's a psychopath or a sociopath, but he definitely doesn't understand action/consequence...and if he does, then he doesn't care, which is a whole different ball of wax.   The difference between XJ9 and Incarnati0n are that Incarnati0n was a troll and a DDOS'er.  I wouldn't let him back in, but he's back.  What he did was shitty, but it only affected in game stuff.  What XJ9 did was attempt to ruin a girls life.  LS talks about cyberbullying, but thats WHAT XJ9 did.  LS defends it by saying "oh, you didn't see her face", so that makes it better?   I'm glad he's perma banned, i don't feel bad that if people look up his name that they'll see what he did.  Its called accountability.  Just like anyone that breaks the law, it appears on their record, so should this.  He didn't troll someone in game.  The fact that LS is trying to rationalize this is somewhat sickening.  As a community, we're supposed to empathize with XJ9 because League was taken from him when he thought he was getting back after a 2 year ban?  I certainly don't.  Riot is a company with an image to uphold, by saying "hey, its ok, what he did.  He served his time, lets let him back in so he can play." that minimizes the potential damage he did to some girls life, and why?  Because she played Lee Sin?  Are you KIDDING ME?
1	I'm hitting this but I'm not the type to take it out on my teammates due to a force of habit that I have instilled to banish all negativity from my typing during ranked games. Instead I rage at myself every game for making mistakes, even though I know it's pointless.
0	Danica Patrick really really bothers me. I'm an avid motorsports fan and I constantly lament the fact that for whatever reason there are very few female racers, and ever fewer who are competitive.   When I first heard about Danica Patrick I was thrilled because I thought she could be one of the first women to really break into the sport in a meaningful way. Instead, she has been disappointing career-wise (e.g. she doesn't win very often), and has instead chosen to shill stupid crap using her body. To me, it indicates a lack of commitment to the sport.   I don't hate Danica Patrick because she's found a way to make money using her sex appeal, I hate her because she blew an opportunity to make a major impact for women in motorsports.
0	When i was younger my "Bio" dad beat me with the buckle end of a belt, stubbed cigarettes on me. Forced me to eat my eggs even tho it made me gag. I used to scream bloody murder when being sent to his for the weekend and when i came back i was a nasty evil piece of shit my mum used to tell me.   Anyway after all this for 3 years he kicked in my mums door and strangled her on the stairs over a divorce case. I spent a few minutes hitting over the head with a plastic golf club then tried to figure out how to light a lighter to set his hair on fire.   After punching him in the head with the lighter he shoved me out of the hallway in to the front room and he left. My mum locked herself away in the kitchen while i had to fend for myself until my grandparents turned up.   Anyway after my mum met my "REAL" dad (Stepdad) because of my first 3 years i was an unruly little shit and i was pinned to the bed at night to sleep, spanked, etc... it taught me hitting was fine (Mental image hitting women was fine) skip on a few years.....   I was 13/14 when i had a friend stop over. When my mum woke us up for school i took a swing half asleep to get her to stop waking me up at which point my friend jumped on top of me and hit me square in the face as hard as he could and told me its NEVER ok to hit a women.   At that point i realised it was wrong. And my behaviour started to change. I became a nice person, took responsibility, treated others with respect etc....   Anyway long story short i feel that spanking works but not if its just a spank and shouted at. You have to spank and explain WHY they have been spanked. I now have my own kids and my son is a bit of a menace and i have spanked him a couple of times but only for severe things he has done wrong. He has since NEVER done them again.
1	You don't know how the conversation ended to know whether or not Regi was completely hounding Chaox. I didn't see Regi beating down Chaox or anything like that, I simply saw him asking Chaox to admit he was wrong to move forward with the discussion, how could they move forward if Chaox still believes the team did wrong by him and not the other way around?
1	This right here is why i stopped jungling. almost without fail, I will have a lane who bitches that they never get ganks even though they have the enemy hugging their own tower because they pushed it so hard. Then they get ganked because they dont have a river ward. So i put my wriggles ward down there for them instead of warding objectives or jungle. Or the best is when im getting blue or red and gank the lane closest to the buff and the lane furthest away is like wtf man why you gank lane closest to you?
0	For me it is No: NO! Maybe: Im going to come Yes: I never cross that since I don't want to disappoint anyone when something goes wrong and I won't come :s
1	You can probably get reported and eventually banned, yes. The difference between your roaming/tournament example is that during a competition the entire team is in communication. In Solo Q, picking an AP carry after someone has locked in a heavily farm-dependent character for the lane is a rather different situation altogether.   That said, kill lanes are entirely viable, but cooperation is pretty important when setting that up. Cassio/standard AD carry is a very poor lane in that respect. You'd want bruisers or something of that nature.   If I got a report in the tribunal from several teammates who said you didn't communicate in champion select, then picked a character who is subpar for supporting, roaming w/o much farm, and participating in a kill lane, I would probably conclude that you didn't care about your team at all, just wanted to play Cassio, and intentionally screwed everyone over.
0	The summer after 8th grade, my girlfriend and I used to go to the movies and see Leprechaun 2, which was a TERRIBLE movie, but there was never a single other person in the theater.  We used to sit in the back row and make out with all the elegance and skill of two salivating bloodhounds.   Anyway, one day she got down on her knees in front of me and rested her chin on my crotch.  I had no idea what was happening, and I basically tightened my legs up a little so she couldn't easily move her head any closer to my cock, which was at this point as hard as a 14 year old cock can be.  I would stroke her hair and she never went any farther.   She tried this each time we came back to see the movie.  Finally toward the end of summer, we were sitting in the front row of the theater to change things up.  Since she had more room without chairs in front of us, she got down on her knees, pushed my legs apart, and unbuttoned my jeans (supa-fly button-fly jeans baby!)  As she reached in to pull out my cock out, I blew literally the biggest load of my life all over the bottom of her chin and all in her gorgeous, long blonde 13 year old hair which had draped around my legs.  Her hair was a completely ruined mess of hot steamy cum.  Amazingly, we sat through the rest of the movie, didn't really talk, and when we left she went to the bathroom to clean up.   I didn't talk to her that much after that, but I completely regret my stupidity for not realizing I could have gotten an entire summer's worth of 2 second blowjobs from my hot blonde 13 yr old girlfriend until it was too late.
1	I'm usually not the one picking up on the "guns dont kill people" stuff, but you're partly right on this one.   Here's why I use lolnexus:     find out the enemy runes and masteries. It's bullshit. It probably won't affect my starting items and I can find that out by looking at their stats when they come to lane (like I used to before). I'm just lazy.   See their premades. But that's also bullshit. I'm a solo laner anyway so a duo lane doesn't affect me much and the camping issue... a jungler would often rely on his premade and NOT camp them.     So what does lolnexus do besides giving you information that's either unreliable or obtainable ingame? Well, it gives you ammo and I see it affecting my attitude - and those of my teammates. This is stuff lolnexus makes people say:     "Beaten by a Bronze player, noob"   "GG, their ADC is gold" (yeah, and we're silver I, huge difference!)   "no lifesteal quints on our ADC, GG"   "our mid doesn't even have a complete rune page" (yes, that happens in silver/gold. A lot.     Once again, that's information that either doesn't matter (rating) or is obtainable ingame (runes), stuff that players would use to flame somebody anyway - at least if they payed any attention to the actual game.   All lonexus does is giving them  easily obtainable ammo to fuel their toxic behavior and/or explain a losing game by finding a weak link in their team.   And that's what has been happening in this game since the start. And the report system, besides actually doing some good, ensures that players team up and do everything possible to get a team member reported. That includes mass spamming in all-chat in order to get a completely silent summoner reported for "flaming".
1	Vlad loses to GP early. If this was draft mode, he sees you pick vlad, picks gp, equips crit page to shit on you. If gp was up against another matchup he would have gotten another rune page or forgo the gp pick altogether. I watched your video and you bought an amplifying tome instead of armor on your trip back. When you're losing you want to get defensive items so you can still farm without taking too much damage.
1	I've recently bump into the guy on my pre30 account. He asked if anyone wants to duo with him after the game, and I thought "why not". We've chatted a bit, and he said that he is starting a game, having a lot of fun, watching streams to improve and enjoying improving at the game a lot. Ingame his knowledge was on silver soloq level easily (I've been playing soloq in silver4-plat3 range lately) and he was only lvl20. His attitude was awesome, and I could've said without any doubt that he's gonna be much better player in a month or two.
0	While washing dishes at subway, a coworker decides to help. I give her a spray bottle to put in the sanitizer, but it was upside down. She tried to get it to sink, but could not, and asked me for help. She was 100% serious.
0	Ah, I too have a bad luck awkward story.  So I'm in high school, finishing up junior year, and prom comes up, so I ask a beautiful girl to go (not knowing her reputation for being a hoe). She says yes, and I'm super excited, because I'm a guy who doesn't get many dates. We go to dinner at a fancy restaurant, and take an escalade to the dance. We dance until 11, when the dance stops, and change clothes for the after prom party. Here's the twist, though. At after prom we met up with a guy I kinda knew, but she knew well.  This guy starts feeling up my date and she's not doing it back, but she's letting him. So of course, I'm like "wtf", but I let it go. We go around and do all the different stuff at the party, and then we make it back around to this kid. Basically right there, she tells me to go away. She hangs with this kid for the rest of the night and I find some other friends but oh wait, she's my ride home. So at the end of the night, I have to ride back to my house with this whorish girl. Awkward, to say the least.
1	TSM sucks without chaox, wildturtle cant carry as hard. This is something Doublelift said himself.
0	It's only a huge responsibility for a the first year or two. After that it is not only habit but enjoyable. Dogs and Cats can take care of themselves just feed them twice a day, if that's too much they sell machine that do that for you. First year or two you have to give them lots of attention and train them, once they're trained they know the rules, animals are really intelligent. Evening walk with the dog is a great way to relax, then lay on the couch and watch some Tv, or office for some gaming/surfing, dog'll just sleep at your feet(walks really exhaust the dog). Cat's are really easy, I have a stay that we let into our garage during the sub 20 degree weather in winter. We feed her twice a day and she takes care of her self otherwise, friendliest cat I've ever met.
1	I get that, I just don't get what it is they  do .   I know part of my current problem is being indecisive with what role I want to play, as I enjoy most of them.     Top: Renek / Garen / Zed / Riven   AD: Graves / Cait / Trist / Ez   Jungle: Heca / Naut / Lee   Mid: TF / Veig / Ryze / Ziggs   Supp: Blitz / Thresh / Nida / Lux     I think my pool is too big and I have no idea what I "want" to be. The 1,000+ games have left me with so many pros / cons that I don't know where to put myself. For examples:   ADC     Pros:  I farm better than most ADC's I come across. I have a good knowledge of Top+Mid lane and I'm aware of what abilities I need to be careful of and their CDs. I worked on my positioning a lot and I consistently challenge mid for the highest damage in game as well as push for top gold earner in the team and/or game.    Cons:  I hate playing with random people, particularly vs premade comps. I know a lot of people take support seriously, but there's plenty who deem it as a "lesser" role and don't really give a game their best because "they can't carry". I hate how long it takes an ADC to come in to the game. When I am outclassed as ADC, I feel it more than any other lane. I've come across smurfs who have hit every CS and punished me for all of mine, creating a disparity between us that wasn't repairable. (You know the games, You've got a BT + Zeal, they have that and an IE for shits and giggles.)     TOP     Pros:  I have a playstyle that seems to frustrate a lot of top lanes as well as a good knowledge of the lane and it's match ups. I do well with the "big" champions and create a solid crash. I tend to draw a lot of jungle pressure away from my team.   Cons:  Although I draw a lot of jungle pressure away from my team, my style is disrespectful to junglers and can leave me susceptible to ganks, even when I'm warded up. Top is hands down the lane I have most experienced teams failing around me. The number of games I've seen /ff at 20 while I'm sat at top with 180cs @ 0/0/0 or similar...it's painful.      MID     Pros:  I farm good. I roam good. I have a good sense of the enemy jungle. My champ pool is pretty solid this season.   Cons:  Counters. I play a mean TF and I'll wipe the floor with a lot of people who lock in Fizz, because I play Fizz too. I guess my game knowledge of the lane just isn't up to scratch. I often only get mid if I'm a higher pick, which leaves me open to counters. If I take TF I won't mind seeing the enemy team pick up a Fizz, but if they take a Kassadin who just R / Q / E's me for 500-600ish damage at level 7 when I've got an hp pool of 1.1kish or something, it's not cool.     JUNGLE     Pros : Pretty tight with my timers. Aggressive ganks. Know who I can / can't invade against. Decent ganks. I'm easy in the jungle.   Cons : Hate the universal blame junglers take when your lanes capitulate. There is nothing more frustrating than seeing your top lane give away FB in a 1v1, running over to hold the lane and save the otherwise wasted exp. Just as you arrive, Mid dies in a 1v1. You go to mid. Top dies upon returning to lane. Bot get's ganked. You're sat there in mid lane at 0/0/0, their jungle is on 0/0/1, the score is 4/0 - and you know 15 minutes later it's going to be all your fault.
0	Worked for a home improvement retailer as a manager for years. I had a customer bring in a push lawn mower that he had hit a stump with totally ruined the whole mower. He wanted me to exchange it and I couldn't. He had used it for 3 months and abused it.  He started asking for the manager and I told him "that's me". He gave me a look of disbelief (probably because I looked young).   After offering to send it out for repair the guy got irate.  He called my corporate office standing right in front if me and they explained that I was following the policy and that offering repair wasn't something I had to do. The corporate people asked him if he would like to speak to the manager. He said "yes" and they conference him through to my store. My phone rings and it's the lady from corporate and she begins to explain the situation. I politely interrupt and tell her I know all about it because he's still standing write in front of me.  She tells both of us that she has sided with me.   I offer one more time to send it for repair. THE GUY REACHES OUT TO TAKE A SWING AT MY FACE. Mind you, I'm behind our service desk with witnesses and it's all recorded by security cameras. One of my employees calls the cops without telling anyone. I looked at this guys face and it was not rage he had, it looked like despair. This looked like the end of a really shitty day for him. This was the end for him.   The cops show up and I go outside to talk to them. I know these cops because we are always catching shoplifters so they asked me what happened and if I want to press charges. They have the guy handcuffed and they are about to put him in the police car. I tell them "No" and the cop looks like he just crapped himself. I say,"This guy has had a really bad day and I don't think he needs to be arrested".   They uncuff him and I walk back inside the store. I call my returns people and tell them to explain to the guy that we'll repair it and pay 50% of the costs and let him use a loaner in the mean time for free. (I didn't want to tell him in person because I thought it might shame him even more). My returns cashier literally had to run to catch him before he got to his car to explain it. The cashier said all he did was nod because he had started crying after the cuffed him.   It might not have been the right thing to do but I felt like there was more to it than just my part in his day. Later on, I found out I was right.
1	I dropped out of college because people continuously hacked my game in this manner.   Like someone was actively always disconnecting my teammate.  Thank God.  I really hope this is the end of this security issue.  I went from winning 25 straight games with Kayle in a row (to start my ranked progression) to going to the bottom of Bronze 5 for seemingly 100 games in season 3.  After it stopped, I almost reached Gold 5, but the season ended.
1	Don't click, hold and drag when in game select. It doesn't update in the client.
0	Some articles are really, really fucked up, I prefer to read papers instead of wikipedia if I really need to know about the subject in a more than
1	Not to burst your bubble but that's pretty unfair to Zeds teammates. AFks/DC happen but every player owes it to their team to try their best. Zed did let you back in the game (less behind = more ahead...). This would have only been okay if the entire team agreed to let you free farm, otherwise that Zed is basically helping the enemy team. The fact that you were in promos doesn't really matter.   Like others have said, imagine if you were on Zeds team and every lane is winning (just as an example) and then your mid just lets opponent farm for free and threaten to afk if jungler ganks etc. Sounds like toxic behaviour to me.
1	With regards to making LoL more competitive and professional, I think aesthetics and coverage/promotion is less of an issue than with gameplay.  Riot consistently ruins or at least skews the balance of the game, mostly with the release of new champs.  For a long time, I've been wishing that Riot would spend less time making new champs and more time balancing the ones that already exist.   Furthermore, they have a habit of preferring to make the game more fun than competitive, often doing things like creating a fun but barely viable champ (like Sejuani), or a fun but shitty item (moving Ionic Spark to SR).  If they want their game to be more professional and competitive, they should focus on making it more professional and competitive.  Competitive players will get more enjoyment out of the game and casuals can play a considerably more fast-paced and fun Dominion.
1	You need to use something other than Chrome / FF   I had the same issue, until i remembered that Chrome uses its native flash, not adobe's version.   I know it hurts, but dusting off IE and watching it on that it is FLAWLESS
1	I don't understand this phenomenon...   I play Singed ALOT in normals, like a LOT, i can safely say I'm tooo good at him (Dyrus good), but that's normals. For the life of me I can not win a game playing him in ranked, he's super cursed for me - I just end up getting the worst team mates when i play with him. That's why my win record with him in ranked is 0% (of 7 Games), even if i'm crazy positive.
1	Here's the thing. The prize money is the teams direct incentive to win (along with circuit points, but clearly both teams did not care about these). Since they both agreed before hand to split the prize money, they let their intentions be known that they did not care about the standings or rankings, or even who won. True, this is not deciding per say to throw the games in one direction or another, but it is certainly covered by the "intent" of the MLG rules.
1	I have found myself in the jungle fairly often in ranked silver d3, not great but i know what's going on in the game. Here is my advice.   1) play jungles with cc and good clear times (for me it's chi, xin, and jax) 2) i rush spirit stone and ninja tabi. Ss for mana and clear times, tabi for obvious reasons (can also get boots 5). Upgrade ss to the tenacity upgrade mid game. 3) gank lvl 2 after blue if possible (cho or jax for me, not worth it on xin) 4) clear jungle as fast as possible and go top/mid to gank first. Look for where support is warding bottom after 5min as they probably have only 1 ward out, this means that either tri or dragon is warded so you have 2 routes w/ no ward. Gank bot then and don't be afraid to burn your flash if you get a kill. 5) if you have a lame that is losing, buy a tent (pink ward) for them and camp that lane. Unless you need other lanes to get fed more, this us the best strat because then you are getting the enemy mid/top/bot to complain to their jungle and start potential in-fighting. This is the reverse of what happens to you.   Note: pink wards, when used properly, i have found to turn around games so fast because it does 4 things. Takes away enemy vision ( 1) lose farm and 2) you have more kill potential), grants vision (3) helps a teamate and 4) you buying wards shows you want them to succeed, boosting moral)
0	Hmm on reddit you find picture somewhere, submit it to reddit to share what you thought was funny.   How is that ANY different than someone finding a picture (that happened to be found on reddit)  and posting it to their facebook to share with others? Not everyone looks at reddit so it spreads the content around.
0	Came here to find the age of said sister. Sounds at most under 18 and likely less than 15.  So my comment would be 'Calm the fuck down'. The dog is not psychologically scarred in any way. The dumb shit you do when you start to figure out what feels good around your crotch would be embarrassing for anyone.  There is an extremely small likelihood this will continue as a regular practice for her.  You seem as though you're quite young yourself so I'll tell you as you get older get ready to discover that Every. One. You. Know. Or. Will. Meet. is into something that someone else would consider Taboo. They most likely don't involve animals, but they all have some  thing  they get off on/to.  Maybe consider being a loving older sister she can GO to with questions who won't JUDGE her based on some ignorant code of morals.
0	I went to chipotle about a week ago, ordered a steak burrito. The guy said, "it'll be about 5 minutes on the steak." I told him that's cool, I'm not in any kind of hurry, take your time. Another employee asked if I wanted anything to drink while I waited, held up a cup. I politely declined (was getting food to go, and I'm staying away from soda.) She said, "you sure? it's on the house." Again, I politely declined.   So I'm shooting the shit with some of the employees (I was the only person in line, and there were like 2 other people eating, so they weren't busy) and after about 5 minutes my steak is ready so I order my burrito, and I have my card out and the cashier rings it up and says, "Your meal is taken care of." Confused, I ask what I owe her for my food. "Nothing, it's on us since you had to wait."   I was really impressed with that level of customer service. I'm a really laid-back guy, and told them that really wasn't necessary, the wait was nothing, but they insisted. I actually contacted chipotle customer service and bragged on how well I was treated at that location.
1	This is a complete guess, but Nydus might have thought that Doublelift wanted to leave Thresh open so that Nydus would pick it. The logical reason for wanting him to pick it being that he wasn't afraid of it, and Thresh is a strong champion so that would mean he just wasn't afraid of Nydus.
1	Apparently something that is not funny for  you  anymore is not funny for anyone at all.
0	Well, you're not alone and you certainly aren't the worst case scenario, so don't feel too badly. It just comes down to either hormone levels (and that's if you're lucky, at least there's a fix for that) or if you're unlucky like me its just shitty genetics. I have like, full sideburns that grow down my face and thins out under my chin, a treasure trail, and chest hair. The amount of effort it takes to remove it is beyond frustrating, but not removing it isn't an option.
1	Imagine this. You just bought Cleaver and BT. You have an Amumu on your team and he ults the enemy team and then you ult.
0	Lol screaming parents are the best. I was in a modern warfare 2 game a couple of months after it first came out and everyone was aware of "No Russian" So this mom comes on after hearing some guys and I in the lobby chirping her son (who had been calling everyone fags, cunts, pussy's but suddenly stopped when his mom came in.) so she puts on his mike and starts yelling at us telling us we should be ashamed of ourselves blah blah blah. Now believe me when I tell you that everyone in this game went after this mom asking her what kind of a terrible parent she is letting her son play a game like this, asking her if she was cooking meth and thats why she didnt know about the game being so violent. anyway this went on for like an hour before she rage quit haha.
0	When I first started dating a girl who did oral and anal, I thought "OK, I should probably figure out what this is like, so I know what it is that I'm asking her to do."   My first experiment was to taste and swallow my own cum. It wasn't pleasant - slimy, rather tasteless - but it wasn't particularly unpleasant either (I'm a vegetarian, which may have something to do with that). I decided that swallowing my cum probably wasn't a great ordeal, and that I needn't feel bad asking someone to do it.   In the interests of strict scientific accuracy, I should probably then have gone out and got pounded in the ass, but my devotion to science didn't go quite that far. I settled for putting a vibrator up my ass, rather carefully, using lots of lube and a condom, and observing appropriate precautions to make sure I could get the damn thing out when I was done. The object I used was somewhat smaller than my penis (he bragged, humbly), but I figured it was good enough for getting an idea. I then discovered what many gay men and straight women know, which is that having something in your ass can actually feel quite good, especially at the moment of orgasm. So I gave anal sex the "This is OK to do to someone if you're careful about it" rating too.   I think that this is something more guys should probably try. My experimentation didn't turn me into a cum-chugging butt pirate (not that there's anything wrong with that), but it was a useful reality check. And as OP has found, if your cum tastes foul, it's a good idea to be aware of it so you can work on the problem or find alternative options.
0	I heard the joke too and can't believe everyone here is falling for it...   On a side note though, op has posted here saying the wedding is off and such, some people even stalked his history to see a girl in a pic that is supposedly the fiance.  I dunno, weird...   Edit: After doing some comment stalking of my own I am pretty sure OP is full of shit. He says in this thread that this is the first time someone has ever cheated on him. He made a post 11 months ago about an ex that went off and fucked some guy or something. Real detailed about story.   Also OP has posted a lot of links with some hard to believe themes. I mean one or two things would seem alright but this dude has all kinds of crazy shit happening to him...
1	Well, I didn't say that.  Also, none of the previous patches were even half as extreme when it comes to balance changes to khazix   And people overract often, but aren't always wrong or exaggerating.... People said olaf would be obliterated when they were planning that nerf for him.... and it happened.   IMO:   R change: Gutting damage reduction on his ult was a good change, that was obnoxious and needed to go.  People were saying to tone it down to 30%-35% or something but no- it had to go.  No need for him to have such a steroid, even if its an ult.  Perhaps now though we can go back to 1 second in between stealths?  Either way I'm fine with it   W change: 20% damage to monsters?  Fuck you rito, why pigeonhole him to the jungle? this "compensation buff" is only relavant to jungle kha and even still isn't significant.  The slow buff was good because evolved W was previously useless.   Q change:  Ruins champion.  Honestly, it really does.  With W being buffed I understand that this may have needed tweaking, but they just ripped Q a new asshole.  Level 1 Q is 2 more damage than an auto attack, why even spend the mana? lol.  I think if they just reduced the numbers by like 10% it'd be fine, not 20% base+scaling reduction ON TOP of isolation going from 45% to 20% damage.... really?
0	Yeah except the law is kinda unclear on that. It says in statute 83.53 that we have right of access (Florida) anytime we deem it an emergency (which rotting guy for a month apparently is an emergency) and storing property is covered in the 705 range but that's for abandoned property. It was my first death.   To clarify I didn't go to school  (going now) for this shit. I was a carpenter from age 12 to 24 then I worked retail for a bit. I got my GED at 21 and moved to Jax around 27ish. I started work for this woman because she needed someone to fill a void and I just happened to be her newest tenant and needed a job. I admit I knew very little about what I was doing at first but over the years I've picked up on it rather well and am still learning.   Hopefully after I finish college (Enrolled right before this mess happened) I'll be in a position to be something more than what I am now.
0	Honestly, I feel like it's a gray area. I think that society should make healthy living the most attractive kind of lifestyle, and part of that is making obesity and smoking unattractive. And, as annoying as it was, the comments from acquaintances did help me limit my smoking and eventually stop. I'm back at it recently, but i keep it pretty minimal with only one or two a day. Then again, I also feel like it's each individual's business what they put in their bodies. So I'm conflicted I guess. But I don't think it is productive to have voices saying that being obese is okay. Being obese doesn't make you a bad person, but it does make you very unhealthy. I also don't think that major campaigns saying "big is beautiful" are helpful. Everyone is attractive to someone, but most people aren't attractive to everyone. That is a fact of life and I think helping people get over not being attractive is more productive than telling them they are perfect the way they are. I'm pretty rambly right now so:
0	Slowing down accomplishes nothing except wasting both of our time and remaining in the dangerous situation of having someone 6 inches off your rear bumper.   It does  not reward  the tailgater, which in itself is a good thing.   If people are driving rationally and calmly, they usually don't tailgate. Most tailgaters drive "instinctively" or emotionally. Hence, if they notice that every time they tailgate, the person in front gets out of their way ASAP, that person is  rewarding  them for their behaviour and, more importantly,  reinforcing that behaviour .   By slowing down, even if only by a few km/h, for a few seconds (that's all it takes), you are at least making sure that you're not worsening the problem of people tailgating.
1	Ok so deadline is 2 mins away, your nexus is exposed. To comeback is possible, however its going to take longer than 2 minutes. To ff = Alex has now got a chance to get into a game and play the final one.
0	You didn't miss anything that wasn't already there, but don't feel bad, as you are in quite a bit of company.  So I'll walk you (and anyone else who didn't get it) through it.....     It's Father's Day, not Mother's Day, so the focus is on doing something nice for dad.   If it was Mother's Day, then the focus would be on doing something nice for mom.   Look at the OP's name with why the word 'nigga' is being used in this context.
1	I think shes not  completely  broken, she has mobility and a lot of cc, so she's slippery; but, the range on her Q and W are fairly low so she can be harassed/counter-harassed. Her base mana is also small, so her early harass is limited to a few spells, if she waits for her passive then there will be gaps where you can full initiate to make her waste it. Her base damages are pretty good too, so she's encouraged to build pen/health.   Pros:     Mana costs are countered by passive.     Base damage + % are good.     Kit allows for kiting.       Cons:     High mana costs.     High cool-downs (Q is the only minuscule one)     Her Q will naturally shove a lane if she positions it so.       Counterplay tips:     Remember that if she uses her E to initiate she wont have an escape, if she saves it that means   her combo is only 3 spells (QWR).     Her Q can shatter past the first minion, so don't place yourself directly opposite her and your minions.     She shines mid/late-game, so try shutting her out early.     Her W is only a root, so continue casting, if you're melee save your gap-closer until after she uses her W, because she has to be near you for it to root you.     She cannot cast her E teleport if she is rooted/stunned/silenced, so a nice timed cc will block escape.     Her ult is a 1v1 changer, so try to have backup if you plan to aggress.
0	Well, that guard are close to useless.   Why, because guards are/was mainly used in two ways.     To provide defense against an opponents blade going down over the hilt and fuck up your hand. The enemy blade will, close to always, be led down to the guard by the blade, to make the impact be in the cross section. This is to be able to keep control of your sword. The problem with this is that the lightsaber design, as on the picture, will not prevent this. Why, because the light blade starts a bit out from the cross section. This means if you will try and catch and block a blow with the guard, you will destroy your lightsaber and your hand.     To be used and a piecing weapon as a warhammer alternative. Typical swords with a large pointy guard with be mainly used to slashing and thrusting. Problem being that with a long blade, you wouldn't  always be able to thrust against a heavily armored opponent in close quarters. Therefore you would grab you sword by the blade and use it as a warhammer, with the guard as a piecing pike. This way you would have a weapon there would be able to piece much, if not all, heavy armor.       The guard shown in the trailer won't be able to serve any of those functions. So we can only assume the reasons it is there was because someone stupid agreed that it would look cool, even it only would be a liability for the wielder.
1	Yes, there is already a solution for this problem. THE TRIBUNAL. It's very rare that anyone gets banned enough from bad games to make it to the tribunal and even more rare that the tribunal bans them. Keep in mind the people in the tribunal are the bottom like 10% of players so as "everyone" is reporting feeding games it evens out and not many of those feeders make it down there. And to those who do, I've found the tribunal is generally quite fair in their decision making. They aren't going to report someone just because they went negative but rather look at chat and build.
1	I really wish it was quite the opposite in normals. In normals there is no order or way to differentiate who gets what role, so the best way to deal with it is to allow the first person to say what role they are planning on choosing to have the rights over that role. If you called AD carry, and someone else is like "Hey, I just bought vayne and I really want to try her out, can you go top?" Then that is a perfectly good manners and most people if they aren't being douche's will gladly switch with that person.   But what isn't ok is not communicating and autolocking. Autolocking makes it seem like you don't care what the rest of your team has to say, and it shows that you really probably wouldn't care if you lost the game, as long as you get to play that champion. And for not communicating, I have actual a good example for why no communication should mean no choice in picks.   2 days ago I entered a queue with the intention of playing akali. I had just started trying her and I actually won and carried my first 2 games with her, going mid. So I say I'm going mid with her, and choose her, but don't lock in. After that everyone else chooses their roles except for one person, who  had not said anything yet. The last role that was available was top, so I said in chat "(person's name), we need a top laner." Well that person continued to not say anything the entirety of team select, and at the very last moment decided to autolock lux. Why? Because she wanted to go mid. And you know what? The rest of my team agreed with them just because she choose a champion that isn't as good top as my champion. This was just mind boggling to me because it is almost as bad as simply autolocking, but they decided to wait until the very last second, preventing me from actually possibly choosing a champion I was familiar with at top.   Now I bet alot of you are saying right now "Lux isn't nearly as good at top as akali, you should just stop being a baby about who goes where and play" Yea. Maybe I would have done that, if the enemy top laner wasn't a garen, yes, basically the ultimate counter to akali top lane. And then after I died twice from him spinning to win whenever he wanted, I said to lux "hey, can you go to top lane, you have range on him and I don't." Nope, she just stayed mid and caused me to get ganked and zoned until I had 1/3rd of garen's farm and he was 5/1.   Now what was really funny is that despite my huge disadvantage, when my lane was broken I continued to farm, started to gank other lanes, and we ended up winning because we made a comeback, which probably wouldn't have been necessary if I went mid in the first place...
0	Once again, it was only a joke. Other than that, while I have no problem with such things (so long a its legal and consensual) it brings up the problem that is had by gay people, ridicule. I find that I have no problem with anyone getting married to anyone else as long as they are both happy and the love is coming from both sides (or more than two, I see no problem with polygamy as long as both brides know). But alas, the general public has put people like this to shame, calling them freaks and doing everything they can to hurt them and make their practices illegal.
1	I heard about the movie first and went to go see it in theaters. And I remember sitting there going wtf is this!?! "Thanks for all the fish?" I was so confused ! Then I heard there were books so I started reading and your completely right if it was more accurate the movie would have been really good. But the initial nudge was how off the wall the movie was that it got me interested .
0	It's not a "life long goal" because it's simple to achieve, and my katana despite my lack of objectivity is quite a work of art. Some people love their kid others their dog I love my sword. It's not some half cocked whim of an otaku with one too many episodes of [insert any samurai anime] under their belt. I picked up my first Bokken at 7 and fell in love now 25 this month my passion is one of my few hobbies that remain steady through out my many phases of life.
0	That was one of the most poorly argued, self-centered pieces I have ever read.  First off, she argues that she subjectively prefers the fade, which completely ignores the thoughts or feelings of anyone else in the situation. Just because you feel one way about something doesn't negate other people's opinions or mean that they automatically feel the same way as you do.  Second, she says that it's OK because it's the norm.  There are countless examples that I could give of norms not being the right thing, ranging from driving habits to the hyperbole of genocide.  Just because a bunch of other people are doing it doesn't make you any less of a dick.  She even goes so far as to call the practice selfish herself:   >Is the fade a fundamentally selfish act? Perhaps. But when it comes to auditioning potential romantic partners, were all acting out of our own self-interest.   With this sort of mindset I can't see much of any kind of healthy relationship forming.  She continues by positing 'what-if's about people who can't handle rejection and and pushing responsibility on to the other party for not being clear about what they're asking.  If they do freak out over being told 'no' then chances are you wouldn't want to be spending extensive periods of time with them regardless, and by rejecting them you leave no room for interpretation as to how you feel.  If they still can't take the hint at that point, feel free to drop all communications.  Her narcissism and indifference for others reaches its peak with this quote:   >So what did happen to that guy, anyway? Does it matter? He could be too busy, afraid of commitment, lost in a K-hole, or dead. Those are his personal issues, and theyve got nothing to do with you.   What if they are hurt, in crisis or dead?  Would you not want to know if someone who you have some level of relationship with is in trouble?  If not, then you didn't have a relationship with them.  They were only an acquaintance.  Regardless, if someone who you have been spending some degree of time with makes the effort to contact you, the least you could do is take 30 seconds out of one of your next few days to shoot them an honest reply.  This entire article only seems to be a feeble attempt at justification for a behavior rooted in the authors own laziness, cowardice, narcissism, dishonesty and lack of responsibility.
0	So I can't shit if I'm not resting my ass over something. It's not that I have week legs it's just I can't push it out if I'm squatting. So what I do and I'm sure you've heard it before many times is put toilet paper over the toilet lid.
0	Oh, I think I know exactly how often it happens, as I have to remove them every day.   We work quite hard. Maybe the users should work harder at lending us a hand. Instead of posting a comment and not even bothering to hit the report button, they could message us and generally have it gone within minutes.   We remove hundreds of posts each day. Some are bound to get by. I can only sit there refreshing new removing bad posts for so many hours a day. It's made extra hard to catch the crap posts when people decide to go through and report 10 pages of posts, so everything gets marked as reported.   I think it's rather insulting to say the mods aren't working hard enough, especially when users will see there's a problem, but would rather keep the post up so they can get karma than bother to actually report and message us.
0	It really is. I mean, I understand people do it, but c'mon it's gross. My current lady doesn't do it in front of me, and I don't do it in front of her and we are completely happy. lol
1	Pick before call, if they are like "Hey random, you are support" you can still pick whatever you want, because YOU are first pick, not them.   If the premades are not willing to play ANY role, it's their problem, tell them to stop playing draft pick, they should go for blind pick insta lock instead.   They can't report you for that, riot doesn't support the meta, so they don't care, they are trolling you not you them.
0	I drive a jeep and stay off of the interstate as well as I can. She just doesn't get up and go like she used to and that pisses a lot of people off when I'm trying to merge onto the highway.  I'm sure everyone who has driven a car has seen these dicks trying to cut in and I'm sure that at least one person in this thread belongs to this class of nuisance driver. I can't stand it. The area I live in is expanding quite rapidly and essentially there are four towns along the highway running north-south that result in a conurbation type of situation here. More people show up every day and traffic congestion is absolutely insane during rush hour.  I take evening classes at the local university and, of course, I have to deal with it multiple times a week. I see these people daily, and surely like most of you, I try to remain passive. Sometimes when someone decides that their time is more important than mine and they try to cut in front of me or a huge line trying to exit the interstate, I will give them a nice fully blown double eagle and then lay on my horn. One of these days I want one of those fucks to get out of their car and try to threaten me. (I keep a crowbar next to my seat on the floorboard incase of automobile accidents.)
1	just because they will be only asian teams left does not mean it will be boring and it will be a stomp. please don't lose hope on the remaining western teams and be it that 2 samsung teams fight each other it will be really entertaining as the last time they fought together in OGN it was really close. If ever shield becomes the winner of the other side of the bracket expect the finals not to be a stomp and if it would be either chinese teams let's hope they will redeem themselves as china's performance as a whole is not that great.
0	You DO realize this is a crock of shit.  I made an account just to reply.  This is one of those oft repeated stereotypes that seem to have just found mainstream acceptance even among Asians themselves, but have absolutely NO credible basis (Japanese porn maybe?  This goes into a completely different cultural sexuality issue which I'm no expert on, but porn is SUCH AN ACCURATE indicator of average penis sizes, amirite?)   is also one that's linked very often - if you check the source they list the same website below.   This "study" linked above is actually just based on this website:   This website was put up by some random on the internet citing somewhat "legit" looking sources (formatted to look like it followed some standard).   Of course, anyone who bothered to check the sources would realize this site is a half assed attempt at perpetuating racial stereotypes while advancing the agenda of whoever it was that put up the webpage (as made apparent by the slight to the US).   For example, the "South Korea" having a 3.8 inch average penis length was based on this study:   3.8 inches is the average FLACCID length.   It's pathetic how people like to try to grasp at whatever stereotypes they can to feel superior over other people.  It's sad really.  There is NO credible study comparing erect penises of people of different races / nationalities.  These sites and internet articles circularly cite each other including the article linked by the previous poster.  It's a shame that someone attempted to pass this off as journalism.   What's more pathetic is the guy who linked the picture imgur link to a chart that tried even less to fake the sources (I can only speak for the Korean source but it literally says "Dae Han Min Gook" which is the official name for South Korea, and in Chinese characters the same thing following the Korean characters.
1	Im sure that is all very interesting, but could someone kindly do a
0	Just a note, Just because you find a guy attractive, doesn't mean you're gay.  I find plenty of men attractive.  Would I have sex with them? Oh god no.  I just know an attractive human being when I see one.  I had that same confusion for years, and finally came to this conclusion in the past few months.  SO, simply just don't worry about it, oggle who you want, love who you want, and god damn it, fuck who you want (As long as they are cool with it too of course).
1	I agree that this post is retarded, but your philosophy is wrong and pretty stupid. It's front page worthy if people upvote it. Simple as that. Reddit is designed to show what the majority of people want to see. and if this is that..it's front page worthy.
1	Silver is all about learning how to get an advantage over your lane, and how to transfer that success towards other lanes. That 5 kill advantage on your enemy mid laner isn't going to be anything if your bot lane is getting camped by the jungler and constantly giving that Caitlyn a double kill, when silver players get an advantage they are overly aggressive and can easily be baited into their death.
1	Are u kidding me? Team builder is now going to officially lock in the current meta.... and I feel people forgot about the ashe mid days that birthed the ap mid to counter the adc middle now instead of working to counter the counter we just feeding into the tank top cc jungle ap mid adc supp bot.... yes team builder will help people who only play certain lanes but now the kid who still takes the ashe middle will  never be grabbed because no one is gunna pick adc middle in team builder...... I also feel like this is going to push the champs that dont fit in the meta even father down the list... where will poppy go now? Who's gunna select that for a top or j ungler I duno I dont like thjs funnel system I like the trial and error try somethjng it doesnt work try it in a different lane and so on  things like Annie support or Lulu middle would never happen once team builder kicks in everythjng is going to get soo painfully meta and routine /end rant
1	Great work. Very clear how much effort went into this. Good analysis, clear headings, good formatting - and what's more - your English is excellent. You made mistakes many native speakers would have made and it honestly never occurred to me that you weren't native until you said so. Keep up the good work!   Btw don't feel obliged to add a
0	I've seen plenty of posts like this one.  There are also a good number of posts of people that lost weight and other things of that nature.  She wouldn't be getting ripped on if she wasn't as attractive.  Then again, an unattractive person probably wouldn't make the front page with a post like that.  Reddit has clearly shown that it is willing to accept those types of posts, or else it would not have made the front page.
0	As a paramedic I can say that your friend was totally drunk!   In all seriousness, we get people who are absolutely liquored tell us that they have only had a couple of beers or more often nothing at all.  I use the following formula: Guys, Ab-noxious/loud  3-4 drinks in the past 2-3 hours.  Cant stand up straight/walk a straight line 5-6.  Fell down and hurt themselves badly enough to call an ambulance 6-9.  Flat on their back gurgling 9+. Girls: subtract 1-2 drinks from each depending on size.
0	I'm not quite certain what you're meaning this to say, but I'll try to give you the benefit of the doubt.   If you're suggesting that there are institutional, social, and political challenges that stand as roadblocks in the way of non-whites and women, thus making their achievements notable for overcoming those roadblocks - I totally agree with you. Jackie Robinson was amazing as a player, but his story is also amazing because of the way in which he shattered social barriers at the time. Thus, in the sense that we are noting that society has disadvantaged specific groups and someone has overcome that disadvantage, I don't particularly mind the modifier.   If, however, you were meaning to suggest that being non-white or a woman is an impediment to any sort of achievement (which I assume you are not meaning to say), then I'd have to disagree.
1	I mean if you managed to hold a team that was ahead for 1 hour then Im sure you deserve not to lose that Much LP but People wont like it im sure cause Oh MMR is all there is to it dont put more factors.
1	W8 till the Game starts and /mute all and max your music volume. srsly that helps a lot. and most of the time they're just trollin in champ select.   1 of many examples: My friend is a Irelia-mid-Main and ofc there was a troll cryin about it and stuff. He instalocked Riven and said he'll go feed. guess what. he played normal.
1	If your client crashes before the rest of your team is in the game, and then you attempt to reconnect it will not let you. Only once both teams are on the rift will it allow you to reconnect.
0	Did you not read the context of my post very carefully? Like I said, this guy that died was likely a lot of things to a lot of people - a co-worker, a brother, a son, yes... but also, to at least one person out there, he was the guy that was fucking his wife.   Just as his friends will mourn his loss, I think that OP should be free to celebrate it. As the saying goes, you're entitled to your own opinion - why shouldn't that extend to your opinion of someone's life? Making a rule that says "you must treat all dead people as saints" seems rather arbitrary to me. If you're truly this man's friend or family, then yes, I could see how you would want to forget the bad parts and try to only remember the good. But what if you were like OP, who only knew this guy through one terrible aspect?   Quite frankly, I'm sure that there are one or two people out there whose lives were positively affected by the Boston Bombers (Tsarnev brothers). They also had friends and family. Does that mean that the families of the Boston Bombing victims shouldn't take solace in the older Tsarnev's death? Or feel relieved when the younger one ultimately dies?
0	Yeah, but in the title OP states, that she always had tan lines before. If he considered that important enough to put it in the title, than probably not the very fact of a topless sunbathing session is a problem.   What seems to bother OP is that she decided to do something, which many people have every right to call intimate, not when he SO was with her but specifically in a situation when he wasn't around. But her "guy friends" were.   Also the OP is male and he knows firsthand what men feel seeing a topless woman, be her their friend or a person they see for the first time, if they didn't have time and occasion to desensitize to that view.   You are right saying that there are some idiots itt with their "fucking dump the slut", but there also people claiming that the OP is "overprotective and too possessive".   While, imho of course, the question that this particular SS meme poses is less  "How did you dare to sunbathe topless?"  and more  "Why did you decide on doing this for the first time when I wasn't around, but a bunch of other guys were?" . And let's not forget, that for everyone emotionally involved, letting their SO on a 3 day trip to nowhere with people of the opposite sex is a sign of trust and OP may consider this topless sunbathing, to a certain degree, a breach of said trust.   This, in no way changes the fact, that, if they didn't discuss this prior to this kayaking trip, he should give her a benefit of doubt, clearly state what are his boundaries according nudity around other people and let her decide if she is able to make that sacrifice for the sake of the relationship. If not, then they should walk their separate ways.
1	As you said earlier, regardless of what date system you use, by the time your brain realizes it's reading a date it's already dissected the information into a usable form.   Since we're being technical about the minds subconscious digesting of date formats, when it reads the first digit D gives us, since 0AD to the end of 2014, 24,180 occurrences for D=1-28, ~500 for for 22,659 for D=29, and 22,165 for D=30, and 14,105 for D=31. Y first immediately drops it to 365. I don't know about you, but if I had to actively sift through a subset of ~735,964 day plot points I'd want to get down to 365 after a single piece of information than search through multiple tables of 14k+ subsets.
1	well the new champions are getting more boring each release imho         like Lucian he doesnt look anycool to me      gonna swap to dota 2 maybe
0	All, understand  - Extreme bullying is usually not performed out of random choice. One does not say to themselves - "You know what? I'm going to be a complete asshole - just because." Extreme bullying (and we're not talking about harmless teasing) is an outward projection of inward feelings toward the self.   To explain:   Those without emotional intelligence and self control, compensate in their actions, in response to how they feel about themselves. If they feel like shit internally - usually brought about by abuse at home - their psychological defense mechanism is essentially thus: Instead of breaking down and crying in 1 spot (though, this is how  some  people would respond to an extended duration and severity of negative emotions due to abuse, depression, low self esteem etc), the subject would instead project compensating behavior that allows the subject to feel better about him or herself. Bringing down others, physical confrontations, etc, temporarily allows the subject to feel better, internally.   Unfortunately, those that are  so  abused, come from extremely poor upbringing, or are depressed to such an extreme, they commit even more harmful (violent/heinous) acts outwardly. So, the gist of all this is, the human psyche is extremely flawed. Our thoughts and our actions are too sensitive to our environment. Only a lucky few can perform self observance and prevent negativity from influencing actions; A lucky fewer can do this at younger ages. The bullying we've experienced (to whatever degree) is a product of people feeling like utter crap about themselves, for circumstances that could not have been controlled (usually); I feel bad for those that have been bullied. I feel worse for those that have had their lives changed for the worse because of it: Result is poor self esteem, depression, need for validation, etc.   If you know someone who's behavior has been impacted by a long haul with a bully, try explaining this to them. Unfortunately, it takes more than knowledge to change one's internalized thought processes, but it is a step toward self actualization and enabling scenarios in which people can challenge their belief system that has been corrupted by bullying.   More work needs to be done on the subject, but "Bullying" is an elaborate extension of [Psychological Projection](
1	Eh, let me say what I was talking about. First of all I was assuming that support takes runic anyways. So let's imagine that adc takes runic too.   First of all it costs 365 gold and got 2 charges, so when you start laning you obviously got 2 stacks. Laining phase lasts at max 15 min, so by that time you and your supp will get 28 stacks each (56 in total). The passive gives your mate the creeep bounty and +10 gold, so simply you both will accumulate 56*(10+~28)=~2100 gold. And it is the perfect situation. It means by 15 min it will be 1050 gold for support and 1050 gold for adc. But after the laning phase adc do not need that item so for him 200 gold was just wasted. Assuming that support takes runic anyways adc will recieve 200 gold less and will have weaker early game and weaker lane presence.
0	I made a generalization based upon limited information about an effect or phenomena possibly existing Outside the person of reference.   This is what people who are Not clinical freaks do in order to explain behavior.   It's specifically because I fail to see the need to ever really 'analyze' any single person that I reject the field, and so your comment seems to be somewhat off target.   Would you prefer that I attempt and run a brief MSE on this person's fiance, on reddit?   "Sir, what is her mood generally like when she does this?"  "Does she appear to have a high or a flattened affect; that is to say, is she seething with appropriate responses, or is she somewhat detached and disassociated?"  "Is she typically a clean girl?  How is her hygiene?"  ....   ...because at best, in this type of thread and manner of communication, there are immediate limitations on the amount of information that is likely to be gathered.   Therefore, I am reduced to making a broad generalization, and I think I delivered it with a bit of humor, dont you?   Because the real point to all of this was to bait little junior Dr Phils like you out of hiding so I could castrate your field publicly.   The statement that I would never trust a bitch that doesnt fart or shit around me is true, however.  And if you knew your Freudian psychobabble bullshit, you would probably be able to make a reasonable argument that there is something prohibiting this girl from releasing the muscles around her anus and enjoying the process of elimination while in the presence of her potential life partner.  That she would be embarrassed by doing so in front of him is actually a very telling detail about her attitudes and beliefs and expectations towards this relationship, if not at least slightly revealing about herself.   Either way, I never asked you to agree, if you would care to go back and check.   And to be frank, I was hoping for more of the long-legs to come out and play; occasionally, I run across a few high-powered ones.   You, on the other hand, are garden variety; a materialist who places too much value in the self-gratification of fictional abstracts hidden behind titles and diplomas; very common, in fact.
0	I got here late so no one will see this but I just got done (few months ago) dating someone exactly like what OP describes. She lied about everything, even the littlest of things. She has a serious problem with drinking and pills and going to jail for assault. She created a fake boyfriend after we broke up to try and make me jealous. When that didn't work she told me she was going to come kill my dog one day while I was at work. Anyway, I just wanted to write all this to say that the sex was NOT good or worth it in any shape or form for any of those people spouting the "crazy in the head/crazy in bed" people. This girl is psychotic, unstable, and has serious issues. Sex was all completely centered around her and without going into too much detail it was extremely boring and not worth the emotional pain she put me through and the trust issues I will have for a long time.
1	But I don't think this is a good tool ONLY for new people. I think average+ players could use this to practice? Why should we limit training tools to just new people. I would LOVE this. But beginner bots are too easy. And if we go with being able to turn it on and off, then why not just have it on all skill levels?
1	225/200 support main here, I feel like we are pretty much the same   it will start out pretty rough. You go into your promos, might win a few, and then you just pray you get placed onto a normal team so you can actually play. I had 2 losses due to afkers, but we could have lost those anyways. Still, I got placed in Bronze I   The skill difference is pretty massive when it comes to bronze. A lot of people in bronze aren't too bad. The worst are those who make the front page of the subreddit. Of course dumb plays like always are made   In terms of your promos, you will rise fairly slowly. You rely a lot on your team mates, so you are more vulnerably to bad team mates than if you mained jungle. I hate blaming others for my losses, but sometimes there is little to nothing you can do   now the worst part is your elo will continue to rise until you win your promos. I've been going 2/2 until the last match where sometimes it comes down to the last wire. You slowly rise until you are the only bronze on the team. Here is the problem   League is like a ladder. You have the people at the top, who shit on the people below them. They in turn shit on the people below them. This continues on until it reaches you. Even though you got the first pick, you are ranked bronze and that means you are responsible for everything that goes wrong   if you buy a sightstone, you aren't tanky enough. Don't rush sightstone, noob support   Sacrifice your self to get a triple kill for the adc? You're feeding and holding them back   you will take a lot of shit, just keep up the old support mentality
0	I only had 1 boss who was inconsistent with pay. Fuck that guy. He's out there living in a 3 floor house in the nice part of town, had bought 2 new cars in a month, enrolled his twins in a super fancy daycare to allow his wife to be the book keeper (we had virtually no books kept - we had receipts that I had written to track orders). Meanwhile I was making $7.50 (with $7.25 being minimum). He was 6 weeks late with pay. Come to find out, he had extended every penny of credit he could get, and wasn't bringing in money. He waited to tell me this at the end of the 6 weeks. There was no insurance at the job, and I got canned because I missed a week of work due to a kidney infection keeping me in bed at the next payday (8 weeks late). When I was hired, there was no contract or statement of benefits, but he told me I would get a week of vacation a year and the week of Christmas off - the week I missed with doctor's documentation was the week of Christmas. He told me he was firing me because he didn't appreciate me constantly asking him for my paycheck every call. He never paid me because my timecard was pieces of paper where I wrote my time in and out. He destroyed those for the 2 months, so there was no record that I was asked to be there.
0	Holy shit it feels so good to know Im not alone in this. Ive been with my girlfriend for a year and throughout that year her parents have hated me for what seems to be imaginary reasons.   They have given us so much shit but now that Ive proven I can provide for my girlfriend her mother wants to "try to like me". Neither of them cant understand why I dont even want to step foot in their fucking house. Its almost enough to make me want to seperate because it is a daily thing.
0	But you should teach them about money, budgeting, and give them an understanding about what your family can and can't afford. My parents (my mother in particular) refused to discuss money in front of us, and her philosophy was that we should never be denied an activity that we wanted to do (including private education). My family's financial situation was unknown to me, and years later I discovered that overwhelming financial burdens had eroded my parents' marriage. I'll always feel guilty about all the needless things we had growing up.
0	My father met my mother when he was stationed in the filipines. She openly admits that she was after him for his money. He even helped bring her entire family to the states and get jobs so they could live here.   My mom was/is one of those with the sugar daddy mindset. The poor decision making being a life style is a perfect example. My parents divorced later due to the fact that my mother would constantly spend money, she even committed credit card fraud when I was 19 and plunged me into $35,000 of debt I'm 27 now and I still feel the hurt of that debt even those it's settled. Her apartment almost looks like a hoarder lives there because everything is mismatched. She can barely keep a job, has no retirement savings and her solution? Pray.   I've had to fight her advances off myself. "You've had a hard life. But I know you'll take care of me. It's the filipino way." Sorry, we live in America and I was raised as an American. On top of that all her own mother (my grand mother of course) told me before she passed: "Anak, you finish school and be successful. We didn't bring our family here to fail. Don't let anyone stop you, not even your mom. She doesn't understand." I was never more connected to my grandmother than at that point.
0	Did you miss what I said before? Obama had been bragging about how he had Al Qaeda virtually exterminated.  This was a lie.  Al Qaeda had actually spread all over the place, and they hit the consulate in Benghazi with over 120 armed gunmen in a coordinated attack, killed the ambassador, and then later hit a second site with troops and mortar shells.  This is a huge difference from an angry mob of protesters that gets carried away and pushes its way past the front gate.   Peaceful protesters that get carried away can not be predicted.  A recognizable long established terrorist network who have been flying their flag all over town, and promising to hit a series of targets, with the Americans on the list is predictable and preventable.  They promised to hit the Red Cross, the British, and then the Americans.  They hit the Red Cross as promised.  They hit the British as promised.  Did it take a genius to know who they were going to hit next?  Yet pleas for help were ignored for months.
0	To anyone who doubts sexism is alive and well in modern Asian-American families, my Chinese name translates along the line of "no more females" and my (now dead) grandparents have consistently said disparaging remarks about my gender and how my ass is going to be kicked to the curb because I am a useless female.   My parents frankly admitted that the reason why they have so many children is so they can get that "golden boy" (I am the 3rd girl in a row.)  They didn't even put much thought to my American name and literally named me after one of the nurses at the hospital because of how underwhelming my existence was to them. I was given a lot of shit by my father for being "so outspoken" for a female (I merely defended myself. ) Not to mention the blatantly sexist remarks my father has about how I'm not feminine enough or my weight (I've just generally bigger than "normal" asians since puberty. My SO draws a London Keyes comparison. )  If you need any premise to what I felt or experienced, you should watch Last Train Home on Netflix on the Chinese worker migration because it is the most accurate depiction of my relationship to my father (except my father is not meek and is quite emotional, probably bipolar. )   Don't get me wrong, the sexism was not even remotely the worst of it, but it didn't help to say the least. My siblings all have their issues to contend with, I actually became the most successful in terms of performance and intellect but I carry my burdens. My father likes to credit himself with raising me to be independent and smart by ignoring me, but last time I checked it was called "neglect". I sometimes wonder if I'm so hurt and sensitive about this shit because I'm surrounded by spoiled white children and I envy them.
0	I graduated in 2008 with a BS in EE. Here are some tips:   In order to get an interview, someone needs to see your resume. As a brand new graduate, there isn't much to distinguish you and your resume is just one in a pile of 50. There are a couple ways to approach this, and I would recommend using them all at once.  First, spam your resume out to any decent job you see. I sent mine to over 100 companies. This is just to increase the chance that your resume ends up on the top of some pile somewhere.  Second, consider making a couple versions of your resume/cover letter that are tailored to specific fields. Your degree may be in Aerospace, but in one version you should spend extra time explaining your mechanical, or testing, or document-writing experience. When you apply for a job, look at what they want, and send them the resume they want to see. Third, don't just look at Monster or Indeed, and don't just look at the obvious companies like GE. Go to the websites of small local companies and see if they have a careers section. If there's no position listed, just email the person and introduce yourself; what's the worst that can happen? Make contacts through family, friends, people you meet in the bar, etc. You need to cast a wide net.   To prepare for an interview: Practice your interviews and you elevator speech. Think about what your interviewer wants to hear. Make a list of all the typical questions and have ideas about how you will answer them. Pick answers that demonstrate that you're a team player. Spend 15min researching what your prospective employer does and know some of the terms or some of their products.   And finally, keep in mind that a mediocre job is 10x better than no job (as far as advancing your career and making money). If in a few weeks/months you're really getting nowhere, consider taking a job that pays less than you want or isn't quite in your field. Once you have a job, some experience, and some income, you can search for a better job. You might even meet people or companies that will help you get promoted or find that second job.   Don't worry. Engineers are always in demand. The first job is the hardest to get, because everyone wants someone with experience.
0	OP you are lucky that cop did his job correctly. My uncles wife is a sever alcoholic (who is now getting treatment) but we got a call last summer around 2 am from a polic station saying my uncle was in jail for abusing his wife. She had called the police after locking herself in a bathroom, hitting her own head repeatedly on a door until it was bleeding, and even tried to stab herself in the arm but it hurt too much so it was just a surface wound. The police arrested my uncle leaving his two little girls with their crazy drunk of a mother because they didn't listen to what my uncle was telling them or look through the previous reports filed against my aunt until we showed up at the station. The other side of my family is all police officers so I have a lot of respect for officers but this one drew a conclusion and my little cousins suffered because of it. My dad went to pick up my uncle and I raced over to the house to find the two girls crying in a closet alone and the mother missing until the next day when she turned up at a local bar.
1	In NA alone their are several adc's better than him.     Nientonsoh     Doublelift     Wildturtle       Imaqtpie and Aphro are I would say ROUGHLY even with Chaox which puts Chaox at 4th best NA at best. Add this to the fact that he is a shot-caller who had issues following others calls (Regi) means teams are going to be reluctant to pick him up. So TSM, CRS, DIG, and CLG are very unlikely to pick him up so that means moving. From what I have seen he doesn't have the skills needed to keep up on a top level asian team has the potential to win it's respective region. This leaves Europe, and really the only place I see Chaox getting a spot on a decent team. That being said I still don't think the chances are that good.
1	sometimes me and calbel go to the bathroom together and we take turns having showers and we always make sure we scrub behind the backs of our ears because that is a very secluded spot that can get infiltrated with germs and bacteria and you must watch out for that as it can spread to your ear causing you to get an infection or fungus which could potentially lead to an alien growth within your brain that turns into spiders crawling into your mouth while you sleep.
0	I'm not so much anti-military as I am anti-hero-worship of men & women in uniform.  There's a prevailing sentiment in the US that soldiers be held in the highest esteem, a subject of unconditional appreciation and respect.   I oppose that idealism. I agree with OP that soldiers are people, & as people, some are good, some are bad, some are dumb, some are smart. I'll reserve my respect and appreciation until I've gotten to know them, otherwise I feel indifferent toward them.   I don't buy into this attitude that soldiers are making some  great sacrifice  to "defend our freedom," as most people who I've met who have served or are serving don't give any more of a damn about "freedoms" or "liberty" than anyone else, they just signed up because it's a job which has worthwhile financial benefits.   There are plenty of people whose jobs put them in harm's way, and none of them get the same universal level of adoration that soldiers do.  Policemen  are a great example this.  They often put themselves in great danger & yet are treated almost exactly the opposite of soldiers; Cops are treated with disdain & contempt. Are they less "worthy" than soldiers for some reason? How about the guys who risk their lives repairing electrical lines so you can have power in your house after a storm takes it out? Why isn't there a day for them? How about doctors who treat contagious patients?
1	Now this is exciting. Thanks for taking the time to do an AMA.   First off, I'm about 1700 elo with over 1400 ranked games (I'm addicted, I know). I jungle primarily with top lane being my second best role. I can, of course, play all roles competently, but those two are my best.   So, that being said, I wanted to ask you for some tips on jungling. I own all the champions and have all standard jungle runes. I like tanky support jungle the most, but I find myself really excelling early game and having my laners not really take the 2-0 advantages I sometimes give them and exploit them.   What can I do as a jungler to make sure that my laners use their advantages optimally? Since I'm a support jungle, I'm having difficulty carrying the game if they throw their leads. I feel like my mechanics and decision making aren't that bad, but we all make mistakes.   Second question : When do you find counter jungling to be most effective and how do I decide when to do it? In other words, what matchups are strongest to counter jungle, what are some popular paths?
1	i think gaming is still a little too young (at least in the west) to have much if any psychiatrists but maybe soon as the generation comming now is filled with gamers, i know some nurses and such that play league though, but for me personally i think its made me better, i used to be a person that thought i couldnt get anywhere in life because of other people/situations when i seriously started wanting to learn this game first thing i learned was the reason i cant win is because of myself. At first i only applied that to this game still hating my life and things that happened in it but once that concept really sunk in i realised it just didnt apply to this game but to basicly everything, nothing is completely out of your control (maybe only some genetic things.. maybe) and if theres something wrong with my life its cause im directly not actively trying to improve/change it so i feel league helped improved my mental state a great deal and my life has been going on a far better track then it had been before i played league
0	Currently in a situation I've never been in before. I sent this girl 1 text. We've been friends for a while, we just never texted because we weren't super close, and she has a relationship but doesn't think it's going to last much longer. That one text has turned into a 500 text conversation over the course of 1 week. ONE WEEK. I'll be texting her til one of us falls asleep, and every morning when I wake up there is inevitably a text from her. I've never run into this while texting a girl I like.   Normally its like maybe 1 or 2 texts a day. NOBODY, not even other girls I have dated, have texted me this much. And I don't think she texts other people a hell of a lot either.   So yeah, OP, I know what you mean, and for once I'm pumped because there always is a response incredibly soon. :D
0	Because men tend to respond more to visible stimuli, women to emotional.   Women become interested in men primarily through emotions and intellect, and so view this as "normal." They see men becoming interested in women by visual aspects, and, since this is not the way they are used to doing this, they think it is weird.  There is also some insecurity at play, when a man is clearly visually excited by another woman, assuming a relationship exists.   Due to this dichotomy, it is "quirky" and a "different" experience for most women to go to a strip club and stare at sexy men, while for men, it is pretty standard for them to enjoy staring/ looking at sexy women.
1	Ugh, Google is freaking insane with their copyrights, YouTube went off an edge of this a while ago...   And one kinda important thing: You all know what Twitch was made for, right? Video Games. If the video game creator copyrighted their music, guess what? That game is now basically unwatchable on VODs. And considering how if the system picks up ONE bit of copyrighted music, it'll result in a fully muted (commentary? What's that?) VOD for HALF AN HOUR. Overkill, stupid, and overreacting. Okay, it's Google.
1	First, I agree. That would be a lot of fun.   Second, yes, this has been suggested a ton of times; why that truly bothers people that much is beyond me though. I understand wanting to come to the subreddit looking for new content, and reposts are irritating for that reason, but that's not the only function of the subreddit.   If something like this gets posted almost weekly, doesn't that show a large amount of support for the idea? I understand these aren't Riot forums, but that doesn't mean we don't have some pull with what we discuss and up/downvote.   If this came up once, and we voted it up highly, but then it never came up again, it would look like we liked it, but didn't really care to revisit the idea. If people keep suggesting it, even if it doesn't actually bring anything useful to the table, at least shows support for the idea from a variety of people. You know Riot pays some attention to this subreddit, and it can motivate people to take to their official forums too.   Then again I'd rather people discourage reposts than take the mindset of "what if we all post about this and upvote the hell out of each other so the WHOLE FRONT PAGE is this idea so Riot sees it." That would be awful.
1	I noticed there isn't a
0	Being successful without going to college is the exception to the rule. The only people that think they can make it big without going to college are the very few exceptionally smart and the great mass of all the idiots. I went to highschool with this girl who thinks shes gods slutty hipster gift to man and that her mediocre drug fueled photography tour is going to get her way further than all us "college kids"; I want to punch her in the worst way.
1	Honestly, I played almost exclusively Veigar when leveling up, and I didn't go for 100-0'ing people as much as I did for going for strong trades in lane, to upping my AoE damage and maxing my stun asap for team utility.  I think DFG for veigar was already nerfed fairly hard from the removal of the mana component(and earlier CDR), and now really is something to buy later...it doesn't really help his laning, especially when opponents stack health/MR to counter veigar anyway.  His ganking will still be strong, because of a ulti level stun.   So...
1	Just because he does x claims a day doesn't mean they were done instantaneously.   Also, it depends on the company, type of claim, amount of money and the amount of damage.   Took 2 months for our insurance to cover the flood damage in our basement as they tried to confirm the value of the things we claimed and argue against some - eventually paying the  maximum amount  of $10,000. note: Maximum, which I'm sure homeowner's insurance has a maximum for fire damage too?   Insurance never pays a full amount, it's not like God reaches down and grabs your hand and says 'it'll be okay, here is $238,495, that covers everything'. There's maximums, there's things that can't be valued, also many different costs that will come into play when your house goes on fire.. like hotel bills, possible hospital bills, etc.  Hit kids lost everything they own - and who knows how much damage was done to the house.   None of this is paid in full, and most of the time not anywhere near full. Like my mom was in a car accident where a gravel truck going 40mph ran into her at a stop sign. The guy was drunk, had suspended license, etc. They paid out a lot of money that was supposed to cover her health problems/car/future health problems.. but she has probably had to spend twice that amount just on hospital bills alone.
1	The real benefit of the patch preview is simple insight in a communicable form. Right now you've sort of moved over and done this by simply public release on PBE all the time now. What we liked was the sort of mystery, and getting to see a few minutes of how the changes affect the champions in action (mini-champ spotlight).
1	season 4 will bring some pretty huge changes, so you should recheck then. they plan on changing warding and jungling. that having said, a lot of the things you identified have changed purely because people have changed and have adopted a different playstyle.     i think you misunderstand vision - the current vision system actually rewards early pushing too much because of the power of pink wards. In pro-games, early tower push is a common strat with vision control afterwards.   the jungle isnt, and will never be a 4th lane as laners can always farm it themselves. using dota terminology, junglers are a "4" position and always will be.   lane sustain is dead. all i have to say. lane sustain is even worse in dota actually.   whats wrong with tanky dps (bruisers) - dota has their fair share of strength carries which basically play like tanky dps. As to the underlying point, melee auto attack carries are not here yet, except for tryndamere and aatrox.   boring laning, perhaps symptomatic of pre-s1 skill level, but at higher elo, everybody loves fighting, and everybody loves playing aggressive in lane because "winning" your lane is apparently important to players   there is no smoke, but TP spell has been gaining popularity, junglers are basically gank machines now.   static meta is really a symptom of the game being young and everybody having learnt the 112 meta. At higher skill tier, most games are tri lanes in dota anyway. Competitive LoL has been 2v1 lanes + lane swapping or 112 lanes for more than a year now.
0	I think the fact I'm being upvoted while you're being downvoted shows that other members of the current discussion disagree with you on what the topic of the discussion is.
1	I can't recall the episode, nor the season, but there is one instance where Bauer gives some dude a flash drive that he somehow programmed to explode. Bauer gives the guy a call and apologizes for doing what he did, and gives the guy his word that he'd do something else for him (I cannot recall what it was), and the guy responds with "I had your word, now I know what it's worth."
0	I was at a local basketball game to distract myself from the fact that I'm alone and the person I love more than anything is with someone else...
0	Exactly. It's not like the government is going to take the time to invade each and every citizen's privacy without a need. That would be a waste of time and resources. Nor do I think they care enough about every individual to look at your personal business. The only people who, in reality, should have a problem with it is the people who are actually doing things that they don't want the government knowing. If you think of the United States as a tribe, then you would also realize that the people who lead that tribe should know what's going on to an extent and, say there is a problem internally, they should, technically, be able to know and deal with it accordingly. No government official with the security clearance to look at the information stored in PRISM could care less about your weird porn fetishes. They have better things to do. For example, dealing with cyber warfare is already a problem. People shouldn't really be freaking out about a "breach in privacy" because how long has Big Brother been a concept? We already live in a society breached by technology and databases which are easily accessible to those that want it bad enough. Do you not already live your life with that notion in the back of your mind in some degree? Take Anonymous or the Chinese government as an example. If they can hack locked up government websites on a global scale, then they are already, in essence, more "invasive" than the US government is anyway. I'm not demonizing anyone, nor am I supporting the idea of PRISM. I hope that I didn't come off that way either.
0	it really seemed like my neighbours in college would fuck loudly whenever i really needed to get some sleep. one night, i'd had enough and played the solo section from "free bird" through my speakers at max volume while shouting "YEE HAW" at the top of my lungs and jumping around the room in order to drown out the noise/alienate them.   the next day, i saw them, expecting some sort of acknowledgement, but neither of them said anything about it. a few days later they were at it again, the girl in particular was quite a screamer. i mean, i guess females tend to be the guilty party in sex sound crimes, but, well, yeah she was loud by any standard.   i did it again, this time i tried to be louder.   once more they acted like it never happened, and shortly after they were screaming obscenities between our walls again.   finally i decided to ask them, but i wasn't man enough to be direct about it, so i said, "hey guys, would you say i've been playing my music too loud at all lately?"   they both shook their heads and told me that they never hear any noise from my apartment. like, what the fuck, how does that make any sense at all? how did they not hear my free bird hootenanny? my only guess is that because they were stoners, they might smoke out before going to bed, and therefore not be in tune to outside forces during the heat of the moment. but still...   anyway   i never tried anything like that again, and i listened to them fucking for the remainder of the time i lived there.
1	Almost impossible in a real game, but still pretty decent to set up with friends. It's doable with as low as 3 people: 1 on one team, the 2 others on the other team, not leveling up to keep the respawn timers relatively low, and using revive and the new 10 second timer between kills of multi-kills cleverly. If you have 6 players, until the respawn timers become longer than ~45 seconds, you can chain kills indefinitely (even without revive) if you almost one-shot them.
1	Scarra felt it was coming off CD too fast and instantly overreacted and said it was "ridiculous" and that Karthus was must ban instalock every game.   People started saying he had 40% CDR at lvl1. That Q had .6 sec CD because that's what someone else said.   The most coherent thing I've read so far was someone claiming that the spell went on cooldown as soon as the cast started and not when it finished, resulting in a cooldown shorter than usual.   The rest is just scarra fanboys following up to his overreaction.
1	Now you get that message even if you have not clicked the "exit" button. Source: Happend to me. Not even talking and then, 4 premades decides that I said "I hope hitler killed you" and tell everyone to report me. Aftergame chat while I try to tell them that thy were a premade trying to troll me, it was already too late. But np, it's just a warning
0	Schuck and jive. It's not like I walked right into it. First, I taught overseas. Believe it or not, that's not a bad thing to have on your resume. Then when I came back, I got a job that wasn't super high paying, but that taught me some basic business and career skills.   While at that job, I took every chance I could to learn new things. I pushed for opportunities, and kept my ear to the ground about goings on there. I offered to help fill in and took leadership roles whenever I could. Finally, I landed a pretty decent desk job there. The pay still wasn't great, but I had a pretty good job title and experience to put on my resume.   All the while, I tried to go into officer training in the armed forces, applied at any and all companies I could, tried to get a job at my local university, etc. but my luck was not automatic. All the while my plan was "Keep looking for a job, but in the meantime keep doing all I can to work my way up at my current job. If I never find anything, at least I will have built a decent career for myself in the meantime."   Finally, I caught a break. I got an interview at a local oil and gas company. At this point, I had gone on several interviews and had really honed my interview skills. I ended up getting the job.   The time between returning home and getting that job was about 10 months. It was a bona fide "college grad" job, with a solid middle class wage, working with a lot of business grads.   Honestly though, that job sucked. Big time. It was monotonous and lacked any opportunity for creative or critical thinking. It was robot work. Nonetheless, I kept at it. I wasn't the best, but I held my own. I knew the company's internal transfer policy, and after my two years in that position, I transferred to my current job. I make about the same amount of money, but am a lot less stressed, and the nature of my work is completely different. I feel from here I'll have even more opportunities to learn and grow and move up in my career.   I think the mistake a lot of college grads make is that if they can't find a job right away, they go wait tables or work at Starbucks or something. That's basically thinking "My degree will be enough to find the right job." Well... how is Starbucks or waiting tables really furthering your career?   It's just as easy to get a job at a bank, credit union, office, or insurance agency or something like that. Hell even retail is better than food service. Put yourself in a position to develop a career or at least gain some marketable skills. Always look for ways to reach the next level.   Anyway, I know that's kind of long, but that's how it worked for me. Business majors had an easier time finding a job right out of college, but I lived overseas twice, speak 2 languages, and have done plenty of cool shit I wouldn't trade for a job right out of college.
1	I have started this game back in 2010 or something, i don't remember the exact time, but it was when Nidalee just came out, took me about 6 months to hit 30.   She been my fav champion since then, I kept playing casually till June of last year, when Zyra came out, from then i actually tried to learn about the game and wanted to improve, I was reading every single bit of information i can find about climbing the ladder, but, i never played ranked, I prolly did something like 30 ranked games at the end of season 2, just to try and reach gold to hit the Victorious Janna reward skin, and i couldn'T reach it, i ended up something about 1300 elo which is atm around silver 3 i believe, and in season 3 same thing i never played ranked, I hang out around normal drafts because ranked is stressful and people are kind of assholes once you start losing. I played like 1 session (4-5 games per day) every month just for my elo not to decay.   but i was climbing the normal ladder (as funny as that sounds) right about now, I've played about 80 games in ranked in season 3, i'm gold V right now, but in normals i play vs Platinums most of the time, and every 3 or 4 games a diamond player can be found. Its funny because when i was silver they were always wondering how a silver player would get matched vs them.
1	The first point I FULLY disagree with, of course there is carrying in team games. Just think about something like football (soccer) yes there are 11 players but if one just manages to make the game winning plays all the time then he is carrying his team. Same with League, if one person is doing  all the damage and winning the skirmishes/teamfights/getting the objectives for the team then he is carrying.   The second point is somewhat arguable, League is a snowball game. If someone gets first blood, chances are that the person who got it will win the lane because he will get items faster, he will get levels faster, and if played correctly he will deny the other person these things as wel. He will have a HUGE impact in terms of damage/utility to his team than the person he beat and that will transition into his team doing better because while they have this person with all these completed items, the other team has a guy with maybe 1 completed item, levels behind, and not generating much gold for the team.   Matchmaking is pretty bad I must admit. You don't need to play over 200 games to get to the ELO you "belong" in, people do it sometimes in under 100 games. If you're taking that much time to go up in ELO then you probably (not always) are just progressively improving and are probably at the ELO that you should be (although a ton of people don't like to admit it).
0	No offense, but anyone that consistently goes to the gym have seen a lot of people that are ready to make the change to their life, yet fall off the wagon after a week. On top of that, there is no shortage of people that those regular gym goers have tried to help, yet all those efforts are lost in vain. At some point, you just become desensitized to those people and their noble quests. I can't personally say I given dirty looks or treated a fat person at the gym with disrespect, but fuck me for not looking like the proudest momma/poppa in the world, simply because you decided to finally start trying.   Besides, plaudits are handed out at the end of the journey, not throughout. You can't expect to be coddled to the finish line, at least not by strangers.
0	FYI: the 3.06 guy got into a DO school, have you tried a DO school? How many MD schools did you apply to? You should not let application fees hinder you if you've put in 5-6 figures into your education already. Also, get used to that, med ed ain't cheap.
1	They cant, you cant sue for similarities in game-play, 300 heroes take nibbles from every existing franchises, from anime to games to real historical figures...   it would take an entire alliance of Jump comic, Nintendo, Blizzard, Riot, Chinese cultural commitee, DC, Marvel,  Square Enix, Madman Entertainment, Type-Moon, and which ever manga companies published SAO, Tokyo Ghoul, AoT etc etc
1	He's one of the strongest mages in the game, with a really high win-rate. He just has a low pick-rate, which shouldn't be a problem considering:     We have over 100 champions     Pick rate is mainly influenced by flavors of the month, what pros use, easy to play champions, or imbalances in the game. Xerath fills none of these requirements.       IMO Xerath is one of those different champions. Changing him to something more "popular" would be a step towards making the game more linear. Next thing, we'll have Syndra automatically ultimate with 7 balls but have her damage nerfed.
1	or they removes it from the client and just though "420 we made it bois" and decided to just increase the time and bring thepatch along, i mean blakinola already uploaded the
1	Reaction Time =/= Mechanics.  It is a factor of mechanics, but conflating the two is a mistake.  The worst mechanical player in the world could conceivably have the highest reaction time.
1	it is not that hard to understand why you feel sometimes that this is "not just a game" even tho it is.   we now have evidence that humans even from like 20.000 years ago were worshipping something. meaning they already used symbolism. our whole language is symbolism. humans were always good at finding correlation between all parts of life.   what this means is we are very good at finding truths, and also very good at fooling ourselves and let our imagination run rampart and believe what we like.   hence you want to feel like gaming part of your life is not a waste, so you pair it meaning.  the truth is, life has no real meaning so gaming has none too. but if you think being happy as much as you can is YOUR meaning of life, then of course gaming and any other fun activity has meaning, since basically it is the point of your life. like gaming, laughing with friends, being with your SO etc.   so ultimately, this is just a game, and has no meaning. if you prioritize other fun activities, you won't care about it. but if for YOU, it is really fun then for you it is more than a game because it makes you happy, it becomes one of your key point in life.   people believe in the most kinds of weird things(due to confirmation bias) spiritualism, reincarnation, religions etc. deep down i think even they know these are not true. but it makes them very happy, and that is what matters. does the truth even matter if you dont hurt anybody with it, yet it makes you feel happy not knowing it?   i had a friend who was very depressed at a time, due to life issues we talked less and less. and i somehow found his blog years after we last spoke to eachother. he wrote there that he considered suicide for a time, then found god, found out he doesn't have to be perfect etc, he has to accept he is a weak human being and all he has to do is to be happy. now he has a girlfriend, soon married, surrounded by other religious friends and is happy. even if i could convince him that it is all a tale, i wouldn't do it since he is happy now, he will have happy children, so that's that.
1	Your first statement should be taken with a grain of salt.   Just other day I convinced our top and bot to lane swap because enemy team had Darius vs our Moakai. I explained to them that Jinx and Braum could shutdown and zone Darius from gold/exp hendering his mid game. To my surprise they all agreed and from that moment followed all my calls, it was a thing of beauty go see us "low elo" players work together for better of team.   Mind you our jungler was AFK for first 15minutes of match too. When he finally joined the match though I had died twice to being camped our bot an top were stronger then theirs giving jungler time to get back into the game.
0	I respectfully disagree.  I have a problem with THIS feed, not memes in general.  I agree all stereotypes can be offensive, etc. but the problem here is that this young woman and her mom found this meme, they were upset, tried to raise awareness to "solve" the problem (or do what they can to force the problem to go away), and Reddit decides to make fun of her for it?  That's just not right.  They have enough factors against them already, they don't deserve to be made fun of for trying to overcome this offensive meme.
0	Happened when I was younger, but have a read.   Round 1 Working at a Walmart at 18 as a stocker in groceries, I knew where a thing or two was located. An older woman came up to me and asked if I knew where a certain item was, lemon juice I think, so I answered with it location, aisle 5 top shelf above the tomato juice and v8. Her reply was that she was just there and it's not where I said it was, so I walked her over. To which she said somebody just stocked it so she missed it.   Round 2 Some old lady, same question, different item.  I gave her the answer, but this time she didn't believe me and asked for a manager. Ok, whatever, I spot my manager cruising , so I flag him down. Tell him the lady had a problem with me, but she wants ITEM and its located at LOCATION. Tells me not to worth about it and off he goes.   Round 3! An hour or so later, here she is again. She sees me and starts to ask me the same question of another item, but this time she sees and older worker behind me cleaning some shelves. Flat out tells me she sees a more experienced worker so she'll just ask them instead. I watched her walk over to the "More experienced" worker, ask the same question and to my surprise they walk back to me.   "Hey NerdxRage, this woman is looking for Cheese cake mix, do you know where it is?"   "Yes  I do, it's at aisle 7 above the sugar past the marshmallows."   "See I knew you knew where it was, I just don't know why she wasted my time by refusing your help the first time," and she made sure the old lady heard her.   One of the annoying things about customer service. I'm young, have shaggy hair, and don't have a smooth shaved face. But I do my job, do it right, and do it good.
1	Yep. Good call. It's kind of like parting ways with a person in real life. If you bump into a stranger, you might just apologize then move along, but no real conversation is necessary, even though you will never see that person again. You didn't even really meet. When a LoL game is super duper short, like a 20 minute surrender, it is closest to this. The game never really existed, like the relationship with random bump on the street stranger, so not much is needed to be said. I often see 20 minute surrenders where no one talks after. (For the comparison to work better, ideally there would be the possibility of games ending as short as 1 second in, so maybe the bumping someone on the street analogy would be more comparable to a 5-15 minute game. 20 might be a bit long for it, but still, you see the point.)   Then there is people you know for a short time, like a year or two in high school. You don't talk that often, you just kind of know the person. Last day of school, you probably say something, knowing it is goodbye forever. You probably just say "see you around" or "bye" or something somewhat short. This is comparable to average-length games. The game goes for a medium length, then it ends, and everyone says "gg" and moves on.   Then there is the long bracket. Real life scenario is someone you have been good friends with for a decent amount of time. When they move to another country, and you probably won't see them again, you give a longer goodbye, "I'll miss you," "It's been fun," etc. This is long the super long LoL games, after which you feel compelled to add a short commentary. So you say "gg," but then you add on "wp" or "close one," or something of the like.   Why am I comparing differently-lengthed LoL games to different lengths of relationships in real life? Because there is no relationship in real life where, upon seeing someone for the last time ever, you can expect to say "Fuck you, bitch," and not be kicked in the genitals.
1	There is no such thing as supernatural powers that can't be explained by natural scientific laws and logic. I wouldn't like to see the process that leads people to the conclusion that god does exist. I imagine it to be a scenario like this:   "Hey pa, did you see that apple fall from the tree? I didn't touch it so how did it fall?"   "That's called magic, Jim-bob my boy"   "But I didn't use magic, so who was it?"   "It was a man who exists everywhere in the world but has never been seen, heard, or experienced in any way by anybody. That man's name is God, and he made the apple fall with his magic"   "Oh yeah, it MUST be God's magic, there is no other explanation!"
0	The user who started r/atheism in the first place (his name escapes me at the moment) had a very hands-off approach to moderating the sub, so it allowed almost anything.   However, he was so hands-off that he hadn't logged in for a year, so two of the mods over there told reddit that they wanted to take over the sub.  They got control of it and immediately eliminated any and all memes (or, as they called them may-mays - because anyone who actually liked memes was a child) without getting input from the community.   The reason was that the memes were like quick soundbites and got a lot of karma; and, as a result, were the things that usually got the the top of r/all.   The upshot was that r/atheism split into a couple factions (atheismrebooted and a couple other subs were started for people who wanted the old style).  Then, r/atheism lost it's place as a default subreddit.
1	It's nice to main one or two roles with 2-3 champions within that role. But have at least 2 roles u can play and are confident in. Playing only one champ and that champ only is sometimes not a bad thing if your grinding ranked, but have a little diversity in the long run. The grind to 30 was difficult for me because my first main was support, and I had no one character; I had never found what works for me. Only after I got to 30 I started using "mains" (which are not just characters that u spam, they are characters that you are confident in playing, and also have fun playing them).   So, find characters u like. Play them but find enough so when u get to level 30, u can have fun with those characters and not only play one. It can get frustrating when u don't do well with any champion besides that main, but never lose hope! Test with different characters, and find what YOU like.   Inevitably, u WILL get better as long as u don't be toxic and have fun with the game. I don't know what character your brother tells u to spam, what lane it's in, his rank, or whatever, but in the long run it's good to have fun with your mainS. If you don't have fun playing them, it can cause u to get back to finding new mains which is were I was stuck at, and that is somewhat dissatisfying. Again, whether u play the game casually and like to have fun, or competitively and have fun ranking up, the game is still about fun. A very mis-concerted idea because some people thinks that fun means trolling. Which is very wrong.
1	The carry is Diamond and Cabocard. If Diamond goes off, Betsy is usually right there getting picks/kills and snowballing. Likewise with Cabochard and Diamond.   Betsy has put the team on his back a few times to carry the game after Diamond carries early. I don't think this hate is necessarily all that fair, esp if you're judging him based on a TF performance. Even his TF picks, while a suboptimal STRATEGIC pick, he performed as well as you can expect from that sort of decision making.   I agree with Pinoy. He absolutely ends up in terrible positions 90% of the time this tournament and generally. His personality is great, but I think that even he realized (esp if you look at the players at the end) that he held the team back.
1	I think Orianna is in a good spot right now, power-wise. Everyone's complaining about how she's OP just because she's consistently picked in competitive play, but she's picked because of what she provides to the team rather than just because she's strong. Not to mention that, contrary to popular belief, high skillfloor/skillcap champions  do  have to be stronger than other champions in their role, or they won't see any play. Ezreal is a good example of this; he's a strong champion, but he's never played because he's just as strong as other ADC's while having a higher skillfloor. Why pick Ezreal when you can do just as well on a champion who's easier to play? It's the same for Orianna and similarly challenging champions to play.
1	you put a tanky lane bottom....something that can just dominate a couple of squishies...something like blitz/alistar....blitz and alistar dont rely on farm as much as the enemy carry does, they can force fights early and disrupt the farming phase...even if they dont get a kill, as slong as they keep cs low, they are ahead...they are very immune to ganks due to large amounts off cc while making their junglers ganks much more potent   the problem here is it leaves a squishy vs jarvan/irelia/SQUISHY KILLERS   this is why i like vayne...she is generally terrible in lane, but vs someone who cant touch her, someone that will get knocked back and kited everytime they try to jump on her, she becomes very strong and snowballs hard   i also like champs with amazing harass and escapes, such as corki and caitlyn...this si generally where your weak, but having a champ like caitlyn who can dominate pretty much everyone and is very untouchable really balances out your lanes   you keep ap carry mid, there was never much of a problem there   now, the eu style composition nearly requires them to have a tank jungler, or at least a jungler with a great initiate   this means they must use, amumu, ww, malphite, rammus, shen...mostly weaker junglers with the exception of ww and amumu   on the other hand, this style would allow any range of junglers, sometihng like amumu or ww would still work, while getting an anti-carry like nocturne or olaf also seems very strong...in fact, by banning tanky junglers, you would be nearly crippling the enemy team in terms of what they are capable of doing   now yes, top lane somewhat functions as a tank/initiate, but until they farm up that tri-force, they are fairly vunerable, and  their initiates compared to a true tank are fairly useless...comparing a tank like malphite or amum who can lock down a whole team, irelia/jarvan will jump on someone and just get knocked away by blitz/alistar and the intiate becomes a wipe
1	Pantheon main here. Pantheon in the early stages is extremely reliant on mana, you can take advantage of this buy buying early sustain such as, cloth 5 or crystalline flask, this will quickly run him out of mana. After this you want to build a armour item such as sun fire cape, after that you can build some damage or more tank depending on your champ and who's winning. When I play pantheon I find my hardest counters are Shen, Chogath, Malphite, Udyr. They absolutely crush me, the worst being Shen.
0	I think it's just that the formula grows stale, so there's not as much of a click in your head that there is when something is truly novel and funny to you. Clearly, we are seeing evidence that these memes are still funny, but it's not the same for us anymore.   A relevant anecdote: I stepped out of the "intarwebs" game for a while. From late-2009 to late-2011, I didn't look at sites like reddit or 4chan. You would be surprised how much I missed: the birth of many "advice animals" like GGG and SS, the explosion of Rage Comics outside of 4chan, and of course many other passing fads or continual success of more familiar ones. One thing that was completely new to me when I re-entered the scene was "autocorrect fails." I read a few composites somebody made of these failures and practically passed out laughing, let alone crying. Something about them just struck a cord, making me laugh with more intensity than I had in a long time, and haven't since. Unfortunately, I soon realized they were all fake and grew tired of them very quickly.   It's strange and sad that what we find so damned funny one minute can eventually not even make us grin. Laughter is a more profound and complex cathartic experience than people like to credit it, meaning that the death of humor for you can almost feel like heartbreak when it was something truly great.
1	Is shen jungle any good? I've played it a few times in draft, I carried quite hard. Maybe it was 5 times luck, but I was aroud 3-0-10 everytime. To compensate for the slow clear, I take madreds OR tiamat, then go : Frozen mallet, warmogs, ninja tabi or MR resist boots, sunfire, then atmas as last item (gives at least 50 bonus AD). Ganks are really good when you hit your E (~80% of the time), sustain is just super even at level 1. Movepseed runes and masteries, defensive and 5% attack speed. Worth it taking shen jungle to ranked? (low elo). If not, some tips or builds so I can play in draft? Thanks, forgive my poor English.
0	I had a similar problem in high school. I went to a technical highschool, and so half our time was spent in academics (math, English, science, etc), and the other half was spent in our trade. My trade was Graphic Communications (Printing and Graphic Design.)   For the first 3 years I had the same instructor, and because he didn't know much about Photoshop or InDesign, we spent a good bit of time running the printing presses. I was the only person in my class that knew anything about Photoshop (shout out to forum signature battles), so I practically "taught" my teacher as he taught the class. Super humble people across the board, so we actually got a good bit done. The problem is, knowing the program Photoshop doesn't mean you know and understand what good design is. Luckily, by the end of our third year, everyone is actually pretty good at basic formatting and design, and we went on to do some advertising work for the casino and other places near our school.   Now, because we were stupid highschool students, we spent the majority of our free time (time that we weren't working on projects for the school) making silly things in Photoshop and illustrator. (My two friends and I made a fictional "war" series of drawings where we would draw our chosen faction fighting each other in goofy ways. One of my friends picked candy, the other toys, and I insects and bugs. Our prized piece was a picture of a gummy pirate wrestling with a Buzz Light Year toy while a praying mantis was being ridden by the 7-up mascot in the back.) Because of this, a lot of the work we posted around the shop looked rather....amateurish and just bad. Some of it would end up being used for smaller, in house projects (we printed 300 school notepads with a tacky triforce pattern), but it was all cool because my teacher knew what we were capable of.   Cue Senior year, and we have a new instructor. He's a big shot designer from our state capital, and he's absolutely mortified by what my classmates are putting out for work, but he doesn't say anything. (The work is shown in everything the school produces, from the detention sheets to fliers for open houses.) When he finally manages to tell us that he's not impressed with our work, he actually snaps, and brings in these old ass design tapes made in the '80s and tells us we have to spend the next 4 cycles (about 45 days) watching the tapes and taking notes. For 7 hours a day. Yeah, he was a prick.   About half way through his torture, we have a HUGE order come in from the casino near us - 8 huge banners for a pop concert (Lady Gaga I think? I'm so fucking terrible with celebrity names.) He panics and tells the casino to go to a different school because he doesn't think we can do it. My friend and I over hear him and tell the class to make the posters anyway.   After a few hours, we bring the posters to the teacher and he freaks out. He spends the next 30 or so minutes yelling at us for plagiarizing work, and how we could get kicked out of school for what we did. He refuses to believe that we made the posters, despite the fact that we have the .PSD files and history markings saved.   Skip forward a few weeks, and we have another company call us to do some work. I connect my laptop to the projector in the lab, and start working on it. At that point in time, we have a teachers aid walk in with a group of prospective 8th graders who may be coming to our school next year. She begins to explain what the shop is about and how everything works as I finish up the project and then print it out. A few minutes later, my instructor comes in and starts yelling at me for plagiarizing again when I show him what I did. The students and the teachers aid immediately chime in, telling him that they saw me work on the project, and that I did, in fact, make it.   Needless to say, he was more than embarrassed.
0	I ignored the other posts because my story didn't really fit in, but here's to your "meaningless photos" comment.   A few months ago I found a memory card on the streets of Honolulu. My first comments were that it was an Asian tourist's and I'd find pictures of them throwing up peace signs on it or that I'd find nude pics on it.  It was an Asian tourist's photos.   I managed to track down the owner through a photo of a document that had a lawyer's phone number on it. I called the lawyer and told him I found the memory card and asked him for help finding the proper owner.   The lawyer called the owner and had the owner email me to arrange a return. I mailed the card out that week.   After he got the card back he told me that some of the pictures on the memory card were of his time traveling and living in the US, and that he went home after his wife got sick and passed away. The memory card had about 50 photos of her that he didn't have anywhere else.   You may have lost meaningless photos, but not everyone keeps meaningless photos on their memory cards. Don't be a dick.
1	Yes, MBR and Kog's w has synergy, but IE/PD/LW has an even stronger synergy. By itself, Bloodrazer will probably slightly outdamage IE on a tanky target, and by itself it will also slightly out damage a PD against a tanky target, and once you get Last Whisper the same, with all cases assuming you just have zerkers greaves and dorans blades. But once you start to assemble the pieces, there is NOTHING you can build in addition to Bloodrazer that will out-damage IE/PD/LW (other than of course building IE/PD/LW, but the bloodrazer will be a really bad item amongst these.)   The thing is, Bloodrazer scales linearly, and only with attack speed. IE/PD/LW scaling is multiplicative, as once you have established AD, attack speed, crit, armor pen, and crit damage, adding any more to anything increases your damage by a lot. All of that is synergy. Even on characters like Kog'Maw who have things like Bio-arcange Barrage, for him you definitely don't need Madreds Bloodrazer, because its already built in! Take the extra help for what it is and  don't  build Bloodrazer.   Almost the main reason teams bring along ranged carries is to have a late game damage, so while the 10k-ish gold for the IE/PD/LW/Zerkers greaves core seems like a lot, you will do a TON more damage than if you had bought Bloodrazer + anything. If you're farming properly you can establish the core around the 35 minute mark, perhaps a little sooner or later depending on how fed you are/how many objectives your team is getting. If you bought Bloodrazer in part of this core you won't do nearly as much damage if you just had IE/PD/LW and you will be crying for it as you watch their ranged carry who does have it tear apart your team twice as fast as you can.   As for chars like Teemo getting MBR, I will submit that it isn't a terrible item on someone like him, but the only reason for that is he generally wants to be tanky as well so he can't afford to dump 10k into IE/PD/LW. He also spends a large majority of the time in the top half of the map which means he will often be very close to baron, and the one thing MBR is VERY good at is killing Baron, so by having it he can easily duo/trio baron with some tanky guys. Even then, I personally still don't like MBR that much, but I also seldom play teemo.
0	there arent even emulators for high end pcs for xbox 360 games. and the xbox one isnt exactly on the high end of specs when considering computers. would you really want them to raise the cost of the console by a possibly large amount just so you can sell your xbox 360 instead of just keeping it and playing your 360 games on it?   and this isnt getting into the fact that the consoles are built on two totally seperate architectures. powerpc for 360 and x86 for the one.
1	Dude, you are a disgrace to this community. Can you please go back to CoD to troll people, we don't want people like you to ruin our community.   I mean, you are suggesting us to cheat random people. What the fk ? Would you do that in real life to totally random people ?
0	This. Exactly this. I'm a black belt in Karate, and I was bullied in England (i was bullied because I am Mexican) anyways, over in England i could fight back with no repercussion so I kicked the shit out of 3 people who thought they could just physically harm me, I couldn't give a fuck about their words but once they tried to punch me they were done for. One of them was choked out, the other kneed and kicked in the head repeatedly, the third one was tossed around and hit in the sternum several times. I did not start any of those fights.   After I came back to Mexico I got moved up a year and the people there bullied me, I couldn't say anything in class without being humiliated, I told everyone, noone did shit ( this wasn't a public school either, it was a pretty damn expensive school.) What made me angry was that i couldn't defend myself because if I said something back to them they would get aggressive and I couldn't fight back because I wanted to get into a good highschool and a good college. I was bullied for one year, without being able to fight back because I didn't want to get suspended. The kids were one year older than me and bigger but they would stand 0 chance against me if we got into a fight, I however had to bottle it all up and battle through the bullying, my parents divorcing, me getting moved up a year (which was so fucking gay because I had childhood friends in the other class and everyone was kind and all) and I also had to deal with the feelings I felt when I thought about my English friends and my inability to see them.   Fuck the school systems in Mexico, they are fucking retarded. I wanted to beat the living shit out of the bullies but I was powerless because noone would do fucking shit and I couldn't defend myself.   The good part is that the guy who bullied me didn't get his good conduct certificate, which made him enter his highschool  whilst being underwatch and if he did anything wrong he'd get expelled... motherfucker got expelled. When I was told he was expelled I was so fucking happy that day.
0	Whether or not you took it for granted only you know, but leaving the nest takes this concept from everybody. It's how, you know, you grow up. That said, I'm about to be 27 and really only after getting my own condo, installing cabinets with my girlfriend using my own powertools,  and  buying a badass propane grill that barely fits (disassembled and boxed) in the back of our Yukon have I  begun  to feel like the man I saw in my father when I was young. Haha!   Edit:  Also, learning some awesome whiskey&garlic meat marinades, making pancakes from scratch with sliced fruit and homemade whip, and owning a bottle of scotch that's almost as old as I am.
1	Thresh is pretty balanced as far as numbers and fulfilling his role. Really, the only other support that could be considering as balanced as "true" (sorry, cant think of a better word) is Leona.   You know how to figure this out?  Look at the other supports that are getting play time right now.   Morgana: an AP mage that brings good crowd control.  Her numbers arent amazing and she cant delete anyone unless she lands everything.  Why not just bring her bot lane so she can just throw a 3 seconds tun everywhere? Also, black shield is great and i dont even know what tormented soil does.   Annie: TIBBERS!! 2 second stun.  An ally has been slain.  Enough said.   Karma: Kind of lackluster and really only getting play as a niche role (speed comps)   Now let's look at champions who were designed as a support of some type that are NOT being played as supports.   Nidalee: Theoretically, good vision and heal and some poke every now and then.  Actually? Well, let me throw a dozen spears and as soon as one hits, my team won the fight.   Kayle:  I actually don't have anything against Kayle, but she does support my point that sometimes supports don't have the right numbers and they just aren't played as a support.   Lulu:  Scaling damage, scaling slow, scaling shield, scaling speed boost, scaling health on ultimate, a polymorph effect, an ability that gives you vision and makes landing other abilities easier, and a passive that makes your autos hit harder (obviously scaling).  A support thats a better control mage than all of the control mages.  Lastly, AP ratios are pretty great.  Why have her support when, with enough gold, she can dictate an entire fight from 1000 units away?   Soraka: Just. Wow.  I know a lot of people in this subreddit have an anti-Morello circle jerk going on, but he got it right when he said soraka was unfun.  There's no counterplay to Soraka other than hard cc and extreme burst, but they must be together.  (before i get a lot of replies telling me soraka has lane counters or you just need to gank her because she pushes, thats not kit counterplay, thats something altogether different).
1	I main support and have seen a LOT of ADCs pull this kind of shit, who already were going all-in at half health, then blame junglers for not going in on their bad choice with them.   I've tried learning to jungle and it sucks, and I try to be super appreciative of anything my jungler does because bot lane is hard to gank unless the enemy team has no wards/idea what they're doing.
0	Honestly, if the difference between "civil union" and "marriage" is just semantics, I really don't give a shit. I'll admit that I don't truly understand how "marriage" gives gay couples more legitimacy than "civil unions," but I'm straight so I haven't had fought that fight for my whole life.
1	3 bugs 1 title, and stop using
1	WARNING: ALL SPECULATION  With all that's going down with TSM. I predict Regi to leave TSM at the end of season three, like he planned to do last year. I think Regi know understands that he doesn't have the persona to play on a team. Now my biggest question was who would replace him since their are few good mids that are free agents, but after seeing Xpecial spam mid lane it seems like he might take the role over and they will pick up a new support. I remember aphromoo spamming top lane when CLG was talking about the roster change. I figure this may be the same thing.
1	Be humble in victory and gracious in defeat, or shut up'... 'cause I'll bitch on the forums."
1	You have seen nothing.   Lolking.net -> charts -> highest win rate on ranked solo this week on challenger
1	Okay kid I'm sorry but if you think sunfire/warmogs are good items for Sej over Tanky support items you are a 1300 elo player max. Now on the rare chance that you are just amazing mechanicaly and just stupid as fuck and somehow mechanical skill carried you above 1500 (Which I seriously doubt) you got carried by matchmaking.   Wow bro calm down.   > if you don't realize that sej is a SUPPORT JUNGLE   Actually I'd say she's an INITIATOR JUNGLE in all caps. Support junglers are characterized by short-CD utility abilities (generally CC or debuffs) like Maokai's knockback, Naut's everything, Alistar's Headbutt + Pulverize, etc. Sej is not like them. Sej is more akin to either Amumu, in that she tries to use her ultimate as efficiently as possible, and past that point she's fairly useless excepting damage. Whereas Mao or Ali have high-impact non-ulti abilities that thrive on CDR and spamability, Sej without ult accomplishes very little.   > Okay assume you have at at least half a brain and realize that aegis/shurlias are a must as first items.   They are great, cost-efficient items if you are behind and need the stats ASAP. If you are getting picked off / chased in team fights, or if you are getting bursted down instantly, Shureliyas / Aegis can be very valuable. Late game, though, an Aegis isn't enough to keep you alive as Sej. She has no innate tankiness: no AS slows, no shields, no spellshields, etc. An IE PD LW AD carry is going to drop you faster than any other tank in the game if you don't build intelligently.   > Okay you have good hp so you don't need that so much   Sej gets a ton of damage from health, it's a very important stat on her. With scaling MR runes, health is pretty much all you need against AP (with the exception of high sustained damage like Ryze or Cass or Karthus, but a good clean initiate can take care of that). Your biggest priority is the enemy AD carry, and that comes through Randuin's + a huge health pool that'll take them a long time to take down.   > Now instead of doing almost unoticable dmg with sunfire you force the other team to consider you as a focus factor.   FH makes you less desirable as a target. Do you know how hard it is to kill a 3k HP, FH + Randuin's Sej? That deals about 80 damage per second? It is just not worth it for the enemy AD. You've blown the ult, you deal meager damage and offer little follow up other than slows. After the ult you pretty much offer your team damage and stickiness on the enemy AD. If you're not doing damage to him, and you're too tanky for him to kill, you can be ignored.   That's not to mention that the CDR you get from Shureliya's and Randuin's will take you to 40% if you run 0/21/9.   It all goes back to the concept of a taunt. That's the tank's role. Some champs get lucky like Shen or Rammus and have it in their kit. Some champs have soft taunts, like Nunu or Caitlyn, where they can draw focus through high-reawrd abilities that the enemy focuses on interrupting. Sej has none of this. The way you "taunt" enemies as Sej is by making them say OW OW OW WHAT THE FUCK GET HER OFF ME. You don't do this with 4k HP, 250 armor and 60% AS debuffs.   FH is a great anti-AD item. Don't expect to build it every game. Sej operates differently from those hard CC champs who provide value the longer they stay alive. Only build a FH if the enemy AD carry is dominating you, and only build it if you've already built Randuin's (your ult -> dash make it easier to get the active off on the enemy AD, which is more valuable than FH's passive).
1	especially when you watch really drawn out dragons that take 1-2 minutes sometimes, where both teams are about equally strong, and both have 5 people, its kinda crazy when people spend minutes there and then you end up losing more like 2k gold across all lanes (if we assume 1 wave per 30 seconds and 2 minutes it basically ends up being 4 waves AKA 600g each wave so 1800 gold) not including the potential towers you could be pushing, jungle farm, or buffs you can steal if all 5 are at dragon.   Also, dragon doesn't snowball anything really. Baron is a snowball buff, you get the gold, but the buff is insanely valuable and it sets you up for a snowball win / loss. You can be 10k behind and get baron and people will be like "oh wow, they arn't out of this, they got baron." But getting drag if you are behind doesn't do anything. Even if the gold count is even, the distribution of gold from drag is even. Support, jungle, and potentially top lane having 190 more gold, won't do much, but gold counts being "even" doesn't matter if one teams AD / AP carry have 1.5k more than their enemy counterparts.
1	calling people out on their mistakes   "Pookrat (0:21): ive never seen such colossal retardation"   "Pookrat [All] (12:15): im sure your cait said 0 words Pookrat [All] (12:21): since her rune page is in some asian language"   "Pookrat (13:22): who carried you to diamond you piece of  **  Pookrat (13:27): did you buy that account?"   "Pookrat (14:50): fucking piece of shit rengar"   "Pookrat (16:58): fucking afk piece of shit"   "Pookrat (20:22): i really hope something bad happens to you irl"   "Pookrat [All] (32:01): aatrox is a piece of  **  champ   Pookrat (47:04): you  ** ing suck malphite"   None of the above comments should ever be considered acceptable. They are in no way constructive or helpful towards the people they're directed at.
