0	Gotta be honest here, cheating wouldn't be my concern here. It would really upset me that a) my husband needs such a break from my "bullshit" and b) that he felt i was such a battle axe that he couldn't talk to me about it.   I really want a partnership, with someone who is my friend most of the time. Friends don't always get along and i know living together causes problems between even the closest people, but i can't understand/improve if you don't talk to me.   Yes, it would initially hurt my feelings if my SO told me he needed time away, but it's likely i already knew my SO enough to try not to take it personally and, seriously, at least if he talked to me about it i could take solace in the fact that he trusted me to tell me. By hiding all this, yes OP will probably get accused of cheating, but at this point he's really setting her up to fail. There's no way any partner wouldn't have an emotional reaction to this even if trust (a hard thing to nurture when your partner is hiding even little  things) is there.
1	Fabby is overwhelming aggressive, playing AD carry is bad for this at competitive play because other people will take advantage from your mistakes. But tryn and jax are perfect for this. Gone to shit? farm the whole game and come back, win lane? carry hard. As an AD carry if you get fucked cause of aggressiveness you'll lose the game, you'll be too behind to be able to do something in team fights and your team will be too weak 'til you catch back to the game.
1	This comment will probably sound douche-like, but when I was in silver I loved facing smurfs or people of higher skill. Why? Because they will play better and it forces you to improve to be able to compete with them.   If people play ranked and don't want to improve that's fine, but complaining about having to play vs greater competition is just lame, you should cherish it and use it to your advantage, I know I do whenever I get destroyed in a game.
1	Just dodge ?   When youdodge a game and you're not in promo, you justloose LP, your MMR stay the same   This is why you can find bronze people in Diamond 1 MMr.
0	Let me tell y'all something about being broke:   You might have glimpsed a thick wad of $20 and $50 bills when I pulled my Bridge card out to pay for groceries, but that's my entire two week's paycheck right there, and I won't have a dime left by I arrive home.   I hit the bank on my way to the grocery store to spend the outrageous sum of $50/mo. I get for food stamps, then I'll make a stop by the phone shop to pay my phone bill, then the landlord for rent and water, gas for my car, etc.   The next two weeks will keep my gas and electric on, and my car insured at the state minimum.   And I'm talking about living in a trailer, driving a 25 year old car, and using a no-contract phone.   A wad of cash means squat about having money to spend.
1	One of the big problems I see in this map is the unbalanced and "weak" team. Lets say the teams are blue, purple, and green Blue sends two players to fight purple, leaves purple with the choice of defending against blue with two people or pressuring green with two. If blue and purple are fighting two v two than green has a clear advantage with a 2 v 1 lane. Sure jungle will help this a little because it won't be a pure 2v2 or 2v1 but since the sides are so far away it will be pretty close. I like the concept, I think more needs to go into it. I would almost recommend that it is changed to 4v4v4.
0	No. It may be seen as socially accepted to be the guys responsibility, but once upon a time it was socially accepted that black people were inferior to white people, and that women weren't as smart as men.
0	I would generally agree, but my dad does this everyday at work. He worked his ass off through life. Father died at 13, raised his brother and took care of insane mother financially. This is all while going on to earning a PhD on his own dime. If an overpriced coffee is what makes that man have a good day, then, by god, LET THERE BE STARBUCKS!
0	This. A lot of people don't realize how much luck/timing has to do with things.   Ever seen "Love and Other Drugs?" The main character is a good looking chatty guy, so he goes into sales and makes okay money. Then what happens? Pfizer released Viagra, and it was a license to print money. Normal people in their mid-20's making $250k/yr for "selling" a product that sold itself.
1	Woah there, you do realise a lot of marksman's have that right? To list a few off the top of my head Varus, Kog, Lucian and corki. Having AP ratios tends tobalance things out. I actually think that MF is coming back into the scene. I've recently started a gold to diamond smurf run and I have seen some pretty nice MF players when I thought they were all gone. I am a support main averaging around D3 and I feel marksman's fit one to three different roles for their team in this nasty tank meta. First up, the self peelers, these guys can deal a fair amount of damage if you let them and they are tricky to catch for the tanks. I'd say Lucian/Tristana best fit that role for what their kit offers. Secondly you have supporting marksman's, they can do damage don't get me wrong anyone can with enough items, but their kit aids your team in multiple ways. They are slightly uncommon nowadays but you mainly have sivir for this one along with the occasional Ashe/varus. Then you have the duelers/lane crushers what ever you want to call them, but their goal is to win lane and or do much more damage then the opposing marksman. I'd say Draven, Caitlyn and graves suit this role well enough. (I know i went off track but I like MF and think she is good i'll expkain here) This role suits MF, she is a lane bully through and through, her kit is based off it. Her Q is a good way to zone, W is a good steroid and can mess up the heal of the enemy causing it to be very weak in the fight and giving an edge to MF.  Her E is just a fairly good disengage in the late game being a 65% aoe slow, as well as the mid game. Now her ult, the strongest part of her kit. Guess what, it does scale off as. Bullet time uses stacks of her W, which also uses AD to scale. At Max stacks of 6-8 stacking from 6% of bonus AD going to roughly 36% of bonus AD. With her DMG on her ult going through the entire team. Also if you sit far enough back you don't need no peeling, you are miles away dealing massive damage throughout the fight being very safe. Oh wait then ult deals magic DMG? Well you have a bit of a corki complex. Go sorc shoes into a late game void staff suddenly you hurt a lot besides your autos.
0	As a native English speaker, while I would say that "aren't I" rolls off the tongue better, it's grammatically incorrect. 'are not' would be plural. "am I not" would refer to one person (i.e. her).
1	I don't know why people insist on making these post all the time and claim that elo means nothing because of the teammates that they have or etc. Honestly, I went from shitty 800 to higher by not giving up every game by the 20 minute mark and playing passive junglers + giving all the kills to my teammates. There will be a different way/playstyle that each person gets out of the "crappy elo". There will NEVER be a clear cut elo where everyone is a fucking robot and just listens to your orders. As someone else said you're going to get bad teammates and you're going to get good ones. How do you think pro players/2k elo+ players got to where they are now?
1	Cassiopeia is such an awesome champion. I'm really glad that i picked her up on a whim, as she's become my default AP champ. I feel like one reason that she's so great is that at least in my experience (obviously I'm not high Elo or anything), people don't really know how to deal with her harass and overall DPS. My biggest suggestion is to first just try her out in coop games simply get used to her ability ranges, as they will feel quite unnatural for a while. However, I feel like she is completely worth the effort.   In terms of abilities, I max Q first, followed by E and then W, while leveling your ultimate whenever possible. Some people like to level E first, but that never worked as well for me. I generally use Q to harass, and will sometimes follow up with a few Es early on just to keep my opponent at low health in lane. I usually save my W to either help farm (a Q+W should kill most minion waves after a few ranks in Q) or slow my opponent. Remember that landing a Q will give you a short speed burst.   For items, I usually start off with boots and 3 pots. Although builds are always situational, I often find myself picking up an early doran's ring or two before rushing hextech revolver. As for RoA, I usually don't get it, but some people swear by it. I feel like this is something people just need to figure out for themselves. After revolver, I build a Rylai's and finish my WoTA before getting a deathcap, and the situational Zhonya's, Banshee's, Void Staff, etc.   I'll just drop a few tips cause I suck a writing guides:     Unlike other mages, you do more DPS rather than burst. Try to slowly either harass your opponent out of lane, or keep them at low health until you have our ultimate. You probably won't be taking people from 100-0 early on. Slow and steady wins the race.   Buy wards, and buy lots of them. I usually end up buying ~20 per game, and they've saved me countless times. As many of your abilities are AoE, you will undoubtedly push, and you don't want to get ganked.   On a similar note, I've been able to shut down aggressive "ganking" mages like Leblanc and Kassadin by pushing hard, and keeping them at tower. Wards helped me avoid jungler ganks.   You need to be able to find the right balance of playing aggressively and passively. Early on, harass your opponent a bit in order to gauge their skill and playstyle. Sometimes, you'll be able to walk all over them right out of the gate, and other times, you'll have to play more defence. It's better to find this out early rather than after they get first blood on you.   Ask your jungler for blue whenever you can, as you can then go spam happy and kill everything. However, don't be a dick if you don't get it, juet be more conscious of your mana and adjust accordingly.   One you become more accustomed to smartcast and the ranges of you abilities, you can try to flash-ult your opponent when they walk in to last hit. They probably won't expect it, and its almost a guaranteed kill if you've been harassing them down.   Cassiopeia's laugh is also pretty awesome. Abuse this.
1	Or you could go to the HoN/DoTA/DOTA2 subreddit and leave this one and the high horse you love to ride here behind.   Back to the argument, stealth in HoN/DoTA while similar to League is fairly different mainly I believe due to the size of the map which doesn't really allow for the aggressive wandering that stealth is known for in League. Due to the size of the map people can go missing for large periods of time and basically you have to play carefully all the time.   Then there is the fact that Hon/DoTA have Dust of Appearance which also is fairly moderately priced at minimum allows you to chase the stealth hero and at most kill them before they do their thing.   As for why stealth heroes in HoN/DoTA are used in high play is that they for the most part are hard carries that have some pretty hard scaling with items and have great abilities that help them do their thing and the stealth part is actually not that major in comparison to the other skills save Night Hound/Stealth Assassin. This classification also allows for people to play correctly against them because their need for farm generally makes them stay in lane or eating jungle creeps until they get a few key items.   Lastly Leeharris can keep your e-penis waving out of this, because you are starting to look a lot like the stereotypical tournament player constantly shouting out achievements and stats when they are not really needed.
0	First-I apologize for it going to the livememe.com page. I tried getting just the image link, but it wouldn't let me submit it. I'm pretty new to the meme submitting so again, I apologize.   Second-Here's the story (If anyone wants to read it.)      I took my daughter, 5, to the park near our house. I told her she could bring one toy from home to play with there, she chose to bring a cheap ball she'd gotten from the store at Easter.      I was watching her play with her ball when it rolled away from her, as she chased it down another boy at the park, about 8 or 9, picked it up. I've always taught my daughter to be polite so she asked "Can I please have my ball back?" he flat out said "No." she asked again, "Please, can I have it back?" again he said "No. I want it."      At that point I got pissed because he was being very rude, so I went up and said "You need to give that back to her, it's not yours." he said "I want it, it rolled over to me so it's mine." I replied "Um, no that doesn't make it yours. It's my daughters, you need to give it back."       So he runs over to his mom and says I'm yelling at him, so she comes over and starts yelling at me because "I have no right to yell at her son over a toy." I yelled back "Your son has no right to take my daughters toys!" Her response was "Just give him the damn ball, it's not that big of a deal and if he wants it he should get it." So finally fed up with her and her son I said "No, that doesn't make it right or okay! Teach your kid some fucking manners and buy your own damn ball!" and yanked the ball from his hands. We left after that, because I wanted to hit the boy and his mother.   Sorry for the wall of text!   EDIT:
1	Hmm... yeah. But I had it with several other clips too, I'll try to explain it to you. See, your title of the video, 'JUST' another day for Diamond, suggests that it's just a regular day for Diamond. While actually he's making some unbelievable plays, which are hard to reproduce for other players. But some clips in this video were just like 'nice' plays, but not like 'WOW, that's sick dude'.  And I know how hard it is to get good clips for this, since you can't make one sick play after the other.  Oh, and this is just advice from my point of view. So if you thinks it's nonsense, just ignore it. And I don't mean in any way to insult you/your video, since the overall quality was rather good. And I know how much shittons of work go into the making of just a short video.
1	This is a weird statement.  It implies that privacy rolls over to an mmo game.  Which privacy is gifted to all however when someone puts themselves into a massive online game to the point you can't even play the game without people being able to contact you kind of forfeit yourself to obtain such privacy.  But I also agree that one should still be able to choose what they want to be private and what they don't want. However its kinda like accepting to move in with an SO you basically accept the terms in order to reap the benefits.  The same would apply when visiting a friend at their house.
1	First of all.. I really wonder why SK didn't pick Twisted fate. They were hovering over it for what? 20 sec in champ select. It counters both twitch and eve's, but also can force an engage on someone, a thing their team was lacking.   Another long analysis from me :)   The rotations of SK very pretty horrendous. It started of... what can is there to say? 1st of all Lucian + thresh can shut down twitch + morg in lane. To opt into a laneswap is very strange. But if that wasnt bad enough, lee and aatrox split up for the 1st clears, just so that SK could save some trinket wards. This makes for a much less safe jungle clear, and they gained nothing from it the way they did it. Not to mention that they got caught out on their wraith camp!   There is more bad "rotations": Rotating mid with TF full hp and mana, top and bot tower still up. Overall bad ward coverage. Yes it is hard to regain ward coverage when enemy dominates vision (and they have two stealthed and one teleporting enemies). When enemy team has that many sweepers, placing wards in strange places will pay off. It is absolutely crucial to have some map-pressure through wards.   Picks:   The aatrox... the aatrox... Not much to say here, I think most of you understand what the aatrox really can do in a teamfight vs fnatics comp... nothing. Yes he can deal some damage, but the amount of peel fnatic has (mind you, SK knew Fnatic had picked morgana and twitch at the time they picked aatrox). I already stated that I would have much preferd TF on SK than Ziggs, but if lulu hadn't been banned, that would have been a choice aswell. Orianna could have worked quite well aswell, I believe, and would have made some sence with the Aatrox pick. But SK lacked any real follow-up, and that with a comp already lacking engage.   Aatrox... Well, anything would have been better. Trundle is a decent pick in pretty much any situation, and would have been good specifically against Fnatic, to deny their engage and retreat paths. Rengar could have possibly been able to occupy twitch, or even kill him. Renekton would have crushed top, and wouldnt have been any worse in teamfights. Ryze would have been able to destroy Fnatics frontline, while being tanky enough to survive 1st rotation of damage. Yes not good enough range to reach twitch, but still better than Aatrox.   (edit:) Items:   I am unsure what SK could have built for (perhaps) a better game, but Locket (props to yellowstar) seems like a forgotten item. Would really have been a huge bonus for SK since pretty much all the up-front damage was magic (Eve r + q, TF, Shyvana r + e + w) I also believe a suicide build on lucian would have been worth a shot, aiming to throw lucian on twitch in a suicide mission.
0	I have to mention that the USAAF did try to use their new bombsights and B-17's to carry out precision bombings at the start of their involvement in WW2. However, anti-air defenses, weather conditions and enemy fighters caused them to become highly inaccurate and suffer HUGE losses.   As a result they just massed the bombers and went for carpet-bombing entire cities to draw out the luftwaffe who would be wittled down by the gunners and the fighter escorts. The impact on the production of military hardware and enemy morale was underwhelming and merely a bonus to the main objective of clearing the skies so a landing at Normandy could take place in June 1944.
0	Basically it doesn't matter where you go to HS so as long as you get a diploma for an accreddited school.   My mom signed me up for an internet home school that she was too lazy to teach me and I was too lazy to learn, so I waited until like a month before college and just took all the multiple choice open book tests at once using Google as my textbook. Didn't learn shit.   I went to a community college first, had to take an extra two semesters of math, but my reading/writing was fine (thanks internet).   I focused on taking the easiest classes I could for my major (Business Administration/Management) making sure to take as many online or hybrid classes as the school had, and taking the easiest professors. This was a state school btw not some shitty online college. I would never go to an online college as unlike HS employers actually look at where you went.   I got an internship with a very well known company shortly after college, and they hired me a few months after that. I got laid off from my first position and then reassigned in the company to a different area where I unfortunately work a lot harder but the job is more secure (unless I fuck up).   There is a lot more to the story but this is what I have time to type before work.
0	I was thinking it was odd as well. In the end I decided that the behavior I've been told to adopt in these situations is mostly intended for use against people that have used a gun before.
1	Oh haha right. Anyways, Elo is just a measure of how much you can contribute to your team. It makes sense to consider Elo as just a measurement of your skill when you consider people who get into losing streaks. As they lose, they likely acquire a negative mentality which lowers their ability to play, so their Elo will likely drop as an indication that their ability to play has decreased.
0	Also, as important, communicate expectations beforehand.   I could never stand children in stores. All that crying and whining is disgusting. I would always beg off shopping with friends because of their kids. My sister showed me a different way to make shopping with kids peaceful: clear expectations and follow through. Look each child in the eyes and tell them, "The 'I wants' get nothing." Not one of them even asked for snacks, toys, or gumball machine prizes. After the shopping was done she would often give them a choice of something cheap. Never candy or soda. Sometimes there wouldn't be anything extra and they just accepted it and never protested. She never had to give warnings of punishments. All three under 7 yo would walk quietly and not touch everything they passed. I used her motherly techniques as my guidelines and my kids have also never misbehaved in stores, restaurants, or any other kind of outing.
0	I was at a party in my town which had/has a reputation for university students burning couches. The party took it's eventual course where someone decided to light the outside couch ablaze.  The problem was (other than being total drunk idiots) was that the couch was right next to a fairly large tree that stretched over the house.  So within about 2 minutes of the couch burning and everyone yelling about how "awesome it was", the tree caught fire and the flames proceeded to travel up the tree and over the branches to the house.   Now, logic would dictate something along the lines of "call the fire department" or "douse the couch with water" at least but no, some geniuses decided to the "snuff it out like a cigarette" method was the best plan for the couch.  Some big guys PICKED UP the burning couch on one end tried to smoother the flames out by rubbing it on the tree. Naturally, this failed and the tree just ended up catching fire must faster.  The next plan was to rub the couch out on the CORNER OF THE HOUSE because that was the way the couch was leaning anyways. It was at this point I opted to leave the party.   I went back the next day to find the tree was just gone and the house, while still very much there, had a massive charm mark on the corner of the house and the metal frame of a couch next to it. Apparently someone finally got the water hose out to save the house but the tree was a goner.
1	I am an Alliance fan, and I always had this weird and strong affinity with the four Elements.
0	Collars make a lot of noise and can attract potential predators, this is at least true for the area I live in. It may not be the same for everyone.
0	This wasn't first grade, but in third grade I had to bring in blueberry muffins for career day. As irresponsible as I was, I left the blueberry muffins on my dining room table and proceeded to go to school. When I got to school, the teacher asked if I brought the muffins and I told her I had forgotten them. My teacher began to cry...I guess these blueberry muffins were very important to her. This same teacher, a week later, went and purchased the same Nike shoes my mother had just bought me...third grade problems.
1	Because Riot gives off the impression of having lots and lots of talented design oriented employees but not nearly enough talent working on the engine and client.   Riot pushes out new champions and skins at an astounding rate, but new features and UI improvements (have they even fixed champion portraits not updating health in game yet?) take AGES, and the usual response is "we're very excited about these new features we're working on, stay tuned...".   I don't exactly buy the argument that skins and champions are Riot's sole source of income therefore that's where they're spending all of their time on.  They know that DotA2 is going to come out eventually, and that it's probably going to be extremely polished because it's Valve.  In addition "notable" players like Hotshot talk about the need for better features quite often, and they have a pretty big audience.  The potential loss from players moving to DotA2 and new players hearing about all of the problems from streamers is probably more than the revenue they're making by releasing skins and champions in the short term.   So either I'm completely wrong from a business viewpoint (entirely possible) or Riot knows what's up.  And if Riot knows then they're planning something big or understaffed for what they need to be doing.  Given their track record on promised features I'll go with the second possibility.   Sorry, that was more off-topic and rant-y than I had anticipated, but Riot needs to get their shit together.
0	Not to defend pedophiles, but your point isn't good. In some states, 2 men cannot legally consent to sodomy.   I'm 24. If I want to bang an girl on her 18th birthday, that's totally legal. The day before, however, is illegal. It's not like something magical happens to people on their 18th birthday that makes them more able to consent to sex. I'm not suggesting we lower the age of consent, but it is obvious that there is a gray area in terms of what is consent.
1	The management of TL didnt give a shit, thats why they didnt feature LOL articles, but there was still a very active LoL community within the TL community.   People dont seem to understand that TL was like THE place of esports in the west for the the past 10 years, before it became even remotely profitable.   Places like TL are what make me proud to be a fan of not just esports, but the community surrounding it.
0	Story time!   So i was on vacation in Hayward Wisconsin.  For those of you who don't know its a nice little town in the middle of nowhere but absolutely beautiful.  The town itself is pretty successful due to all of the resorts.   Anyway, we are at the go-kart track in town and i feel something land in my hair.  "Goddamnit another fucking fly" i say to myself as i get ready to try to get the bastard out of my hair.  On rare occasions I am lucky enough to catch the fly when they land in my hair.  So i go to swat/catch the fly.   SUCCESS!! i got the little bastard in my hand.  "Today is not your lucky day you annoying little bastard" i say to myself as i immediatly attempt to crush the fly with my bare hands.   Turns out, its not a fly its a wasp and that fucker got me good.  I start cussing up a storm and flick/throw the wasp away still alive.  I watch him take off but pull a U turn and come straight back at me.  I freak the fuck out, "Hes comming for me i fucking know it!" so i nope the fuck out of there.   Unfortunatly, the area i was standing on was pavement, but just a few steps away in the parking area its gravel.  The moment i hit the gravel i eat shit, HARD.  I get up and look down and my knee is cut the fuck up and there is a MASSIVE hole in my jeans.  $150 jeans i got from my parents for my birthday.  I continue to cuss up one hell of a storm "GOD DAMN FUCKING BEE FUCKING HURTS MY GODDAMN FUCKING JEANS MOTHER FUCKER OW THIS FUCKING HURTS!!!!   SHIT!!!!!!!!!"   I turn around to see about a dozen VERY upset parents and lots of children laughing their asses off at me....   10/10 would do again.
1	Trust me. You can down-vote away just because you haven't seen a pro build it yet. Everyone thought Ezreal sucked back in the day too. You guys can follow like blind sheep or be innovators. This item is amazing on GP and might actually make him competitively viable again.   NEWS FLASH I understand now that you said this that it doesn't make since but here is two things.     I did NOT down vote you.     My builds are mine, just that. I build that fits my playstyle with the champion for the comp of both teams. I do not have to follow a carbon copy of it.       I don't even jungle GP I top lane him. I was was just tying to have an open discussion on reddit. I play him in the top lane. Anyway have an upvote and for the love of god don't say "Downvote me all you want" on reddit. You just look like an ass. Also I was talking about jungle clearing and not team fighting.
0	Damn dude thanks, also one of the greatest
1	Most of the revenue from streams comes from Ad revenue, then subscriptions. Seeing how LoL HD stream is free and the LoL pro scene is pretty much funded by Riot there isn't a many sponsors for LoL teams/streams there's really no point in having two streams.   Also LoL has about half of the actual game play that SC2 has; 4 groups in pool play with 6 initial players each playing each other in a BO3 series then another 2 joining each group on day 2 from the Double elimination open bracket. That's 40 players in pool play.   I'd say about half the actual games are actually streamed from the Group play section and none of the open brackets are streamed; At one event there was 4 SC2 streams, 2 devoted to 'recommended' pool series that were missed by the main streams and good bracket series.   Compared to LoL with 8 teams entering into a BO3 Double elimination bracket tournament where the vast majority, if not all, is streamed. Not streaming CLGEUs game is an outlier.
1	games that are stalling out are not caused by turrets beeing to strong :D I actually enjoy longer games rather than short 1-sided games with no chance for the team behind to recover.   Also, fights at nexus are rare, because teams know the turrets are close to useless when you have a 300 armor tank, so basically now, they fight at inhibs/outside turret range and if the attacking team wins or gets 2-3 enemies down, the tank will just proceed and facetank the turret without taking any substantial damage for the other team to be able to come-back.
0	First of all, I'm a 20-year-old student who lives with his mother and siblings. My mother is the one who pays for the internet and all four of us use it.   Second, why should I have cancelled it to give more when I already give enough for the things we need?   Third, I'm not saying people should give up entertainment and hobbies, I'm saying we shouldn't spend fucking fortunes on it when other people really fucking needs it. We're not paying 100,000 dollars per month for our connection here, Internet is something 40% of the world have at this point. It's not only for the 1%.
0	Also, I would like to say OP's an idiot because there's no evidence that any of these people have had things "not go their way" but instead that these people were malicious and ultimately mentally unstable. Not someone who just lost their job or was embarrassed or any typical corporate bullshit.
0	A little over a year ago, this one kid at my school died in a car wreck a few weeks before graduation. This guy was the biggest piece of shit, and everyone knew it. He constantly bullied other people, harassed girls, and was just generally not a pleasant person to be around.   When he died, and ever since then, everyone talked constantly about how badly he would be missed and how awesome of a guy he was. It pissed me off to no end because everyone was being so fake. Just because someone dies doesn't mean you have to kiss their posthumous ass.
0	I understand what you're saying and I don't disagree, per se. Change is slow. Society is evolving and it will continue to evolve in the direction of equality for the foreseeable future. I wouldn't be surprised if the changes you mention begin to take shape in the next generation or two. Remember, less than 100 years ago, women couldn't even VOTE. In under a century, the gender gap has closed considerably.   Will they ever be "equal"? No. Because men and women aren't equal. Women are tasked with the role of bearing children (if they so choose to have children). That automatically puts them into a position of weakness. Women generally make less than male counterparts because many, if not most, women pause their careers to start families and raise children while men traditionally follow their career to pay for it. Yes this is changing and we see more stay at home dads being socially acceptable, but I don't expect to ever be "equal". It's just a biological thing we as human beings must accept.   Furthormore, speaking to biology, women are generally smaller than men and forces them into socially into a position of submissiveness. Sure, we aren't clonking our women on the head with a club and raping them in a cave like animals, but our biological differences cannot be ignored. These biological differences shape our social dogma. It traditionally puts men into positions where they are expected to "claim and court their mate" because they are in the biological category of "dominance". They are expected to "fix cars" because they are "stronger". While women are expected to "raise children" because they are "more caring".   We can see how much society has changed by looking at our previous generations, but to expect true equality or to ignore biological differences is ludicrous. To answer your question, I don't think society will ever reach that point completely, but I believe we will see society continue to head in that direction.
1	I see a lot of people wanting to pick up brand. Just a warning: He sucks balls. He is really really really bad. Don't play him he isn't worth it.   Seriously all he does is mock you while you play with him and he just wants to watch the world burn, with you in it.   His passive blows too, so does his stun/aoe damage.
0	As a polisci major most of us are better than this and we all hate the dude who holds up every class with his "opinion" (that he read in that morning's alternet).   It's not that we're all stupid, it's just that they seek out our major because they think it's like a degree in complaining. It doesn't help that most universities don't actually teach political science; they teach theory. Political science is one of the most statistically intensive forms of social research. I'm failing out right now because of how terrible I am at math. If it was just an opinionated liberal arts major I'd be golden.
1	Damn, I swear this technique works so well! This evening I was having an other game as Fiddlesticks and we were losing. I did a first push to help my minions  reaching an inhibitor but my allies came with me so the enemies came too and wrecked us. Then the situation was critical, the were at the two turrets so I said "keep hem busy i have an idea" and I pushed on the same lane until we won.
1	I was playing Amumu with a Jarvan on my team. Enemy team had an Amumu too. One team fight, I ult as amumu, then enemy amumu ults right after. Jarvan jumps on top of enemy Amumu (the carries weren't targeted since their amumu just ulted, so he was in the midst of us, and this was Bronze) and catches me in it as well as well. Then J4 gets hit by a bunch of chain cc so it's pretty much just me and the other amumu stuck in J4 ult, crying and hitting each other.
1	Well, I for one had only good experience with it... ever since the video, i somehow felt like it would be fun to try out and it sure is :P i like ori alot, very good AP, but her AP didnt amaze me as much as for me to buy her, and then the video came, and i was like "why the F not".. went 5/0/11 first game (ye sry, only normal draft).. had 2 more afterwards just to not blame everything on bad play from enemies, and then i tried it out in ranked and ppl just were not managing my early game for some reason... anyone here may theorycraft about it as much as they want, but from my experience so far (around 20-30 games) i only say that it made tons of fun and it certainly wasn't so bad at all, even against those spooky graves/corki lanes... her AA animation just feels good and the shield makes me usually win trades alot.   All in all she is great fun (and i think that's what playing should be about) and played well can get you higher in elo (ye, im just 1600+, but just sayin... IMHO) but is definitely not suited for tournament play or whatsoever.. but then again, i don't think this is what OP is aiming for, and to your Edit: yes, i do not see her as trollpick aswell, if u do your best, it's k
1	Hello! Yea I've seen 'The Internship'. I am sorry but I cannot really answer this due to my low amount of vision I had into the offices, I only saw some glas doors that led it to the office area. But the lobby itself was out of everyones League. (tihi)   The two monitors that was on one of these pictures had one with only a portrait of Mordekaiser and the other had flashing texts with like 'Bjergsen scored a pentakill', 'ZionSpartan is now legendary', 'Doublelift is now on a killing spree', etc etc. On that same screen it also shows the amount of games that is played to that day. It was very impressing.   So overall, yes I have to say that the lobby had a standard as good, if not better then Google. Atleast from what I can tell from 'The Internship'. I was abit dissapointed about the signs of the receptionists because that was only a printed piece of paper with their summoner name. I actually emailed them about this and also thanking them personally, I got an answer back and said they would make them abit cooler. So yeaah!
0	I've been doing interviews for my company for three years.   I'd rather recommend a person for hire who has a pleasant personality and a good work ethic who has to google almost every line of code than a "über-leet n1nja coder".   We even have a special word at work: fipooty. Fipooty is a word that embodies the combination of social retardation, a cleverer-than-thou attitude, the desire to work remote flex time after three days on the job, and the foul odor that accompanies most "über-leet n1nja" coders.
0	There not. Some maybe. people get slighted over the years, have a colored vision of the way things are, or read something without a proper source and form an opinion from worthless anecdotal evidence.   There are plenty of "facts" in this thread and when asked for a source i've seen afew blog links.  The worst possible source you can use to form an opinion.   You get alot of mens rights type things being said here. And alot of them might be valid, but the reasoning is far off in most cases. But when talking about those things it's hard because of three factors.   One. If you havn't experienced these issues first hand you may be hesitant to believe them. But this isn't just the case for mens rights. It's the case for ANY form of discrimination. I'll fully admit until several years ago I honestly believed racism no longer was a factor in todays world. I hadn't known anyone who had experienced it. I hadn't read about it. I only had what I've seen of the world which was very little. But it felt like it was enough to make an informed decision. This is why when you read about this stuff you have to go "yeah ok". I'm not saying take it for complete truth, but don't dismiss it. There are enough complaints that it should be evident that it happens even if the reasoning is off.   Two. Emotions. When you write about something that you feel is unfair. ANYTHING. You get emotional and you make assumptions. You feel like you were slighted and it's because the system is out to get you. When you order a pizza and it's more expensive then you think it should be. Some people in all honesty believe you, the guy being paid minimum wage is screwing him over because fuck you that's why.  when in reality food prices were raised for some reason beyond control. People get seriously upset over this stuff. Anyone whos worked in food or retail will tell you people get upset over some ridiculous stuff. Now imagine you take that attitude and apply it to something seriously unfair. You just lost rights to see your child after you and your wife divorced. Your wife cried and tried to make you look like a bad guy so you can't see your child. When you get people freaking out and jumping to conclusions when it comes to food prices, it's not a stretch to see how people will feel that that system is set up against them. Then they write about how the laws are written so women get custody of children and men get screwed. People read about it on said blog and we re at why blogs are horrible sources.   Three. You don't really know who you are talking to or what you are reading without the proper research. You can look in this thread and some people have experiences that they share. Some people want karma and make shit up to jump on the circle jerk wagon. This can spread alot of misinformation but it causes emotional reactions. The faker gains karma like he wanted, and what little credibility anecdotal evidence had lowers even further.
1	how bout AD zhonyas then? cause uknow when that syndra/zed ults you most supports can't do that much.   AP champs scale insanely levels and ap items up to 7-800 ap average and 1200 ish if they push it, ad champs scale mostly with items and they usually cap at around 350 up to 450. AP champs can afford to sacrifice a slot for a QSS without impacting their late-game that much while adc's need that lategame power to stay relevant.
1	He's really fun as a support, and unfortunately I played him often when I was better with other champs. I stopped playing him though, in favor of Janna. I'll add him into my rotation of comfortable support champs when I feel I contribute positively to my team.
1	This clamping is because your mmr isn't high enough, IMO if you start having gains less than 10 you need to ignore your Division and just play until you get back into double digit gains and then think about getting into your promotion series.   This does point at the biggest flaw of the current system though. Why is there some invisible number that is stopping us from climbing an otherwise easily understood ladder?
0	Somewhat similar. I used to work at a small breakfast/lunch deli. There were five employees in total. We were fairly close to the Jersey Shore making summer a busy time for us. One year after beach season had ended and business started to slow down the owner told us it was one of the most profitable summers he's had in the past 20 years. We thought that would be a perfect time to ask for a pay raise for the crew. Nothing too far out of the realm of reason, probably would have only increased payroll by about 250 bucks a week split between 5 people. The owner said he would take it under consideration. A week later he comes in and tells everyone to go outside and check out the new Hyundai Santa Fe he had just got...paid for in cash. We never got those raises and shortly after that two employees quit, myself included.
1	The system tries to put you where it thinks you belong.   Two absurd examples. Your actual elo is 100. You somehow get placed into Gold V. You can't get promoted from Gold V to Gold IV until your elo gets up to about 1550 or so - so the game gives you potato for LP until your elo catches up. You'll probably get 1-2 LP per win and lose many times more per loss until your elo catches up.   Second example, your actual elo is 2000 and you get placed into Gold V. The opposite happens; system knows you should probably be higher than Gold V, it's very confident of it, so every time you win you get huge amounts of LP - 30-40 or so per win. You happen to lose a game; the system still thinks you're lower than you should be, and it's trying to get you to where you need to be, so it doesn't take many LP from you for the loss. You lose and only lose 2-5 ish LP.
1	Some of your suggestions do not belong in this game and they're your own misinterpretations of the game's style, and it shows heavily. Story mode? Hangout area? This is a MOBA, none of that shit belongs here.   Besides which your little list of what we've seen added to the game is a little coy. The S3 patch did a massive overhaul in terms of how the jungle plays out and the items we use. We've seen massive growth in the professional circuit and as for your suggestion that they added features such as spectating and custom items out of a fear that someone else might 'steal the limelight' I just think that's downright cynical. They added them because official support is  always  better than a community-made tool which A) might not be widely recognised and B) does not have the professional or monetary backing that Riot can offer.
1	First of all. Nidalee is not played in mid alot. She is primarily a jungler. And second of all using chamion.gg is dumb becuase it's not accurate whatsover. Your
0	Yeah I know right? I used to be in a similar situation in IT (intern). If I got a call a minute before the end of my day, I was expected to pick it up and finish the call. If I was lucky it took 15 minutes. Sometimes that took a hour and a half. If I was really, really unlucky and it was big issue, it took HOURS! And I won't be happy about it. And this happened almost every day.   But you know what? I FUCKING DID MY JOB FOR MY TINY WAGE AND NO OVERTIME. I DID NOT BLAME THE POOR FUCK WHO JUST WANTED HIS SYSTEM WORKING AGAIN.   You want to fix this shit in your restaurant. Get a bunch of servers and cooks together (do not do this alone you stupid fuck), walk up management or write them a fucking letter saying they need to close the doors before they close the kitchen. Or overtime for staying later. And make sure that they never learn who's idea this shit was.   Wait a fucking minute: workforce banding together to overcome "bad" working conditions? Man that sounds like a great idea. Maybe I should come up with a name for this... this UNION of workers.
1	Or you could just stop put yourself as the "victim" of the mercyless junlger and let the enenmy jungler to lose his time in top.   Is he killing you?   ->Yes? Then you are doing something really wrong, because you already know he is going bot and you should see him miles away with your ward.   -> No? Then is a victory for the team. Because he is wasting his time top, meanwhile the other 4 members of your team are building an advantage due to the lack of jungler's threat.     What is the problem with Nasus being camped early game? Nasus is USELESS in the early game. All you need to do is to dance under the tower until the minion wave reach to you, then start to farm. In the late game you would have farm anyway, since you are not leaving the lane. Nasus is a machine with dog-shape who will farm without tower until minute 25-30, when he has become a demi-god.   Meanwhile, other useful champs in early-mid, like midder or adc, are reciving more ganks from our team and no ganks from the enemy team, so they should be building an advantage.   If you are Nasus vs Renekton and the enemy jungler is there, how on the earth do you want us to win this at level 3-5? You will hit them with your powerful q with +15? If I am Jarvan and their jungler is Vi, they will destroy us if we try to trade.   The problem in this game is that every lane think they are "special", and many solo laners only can think "what is better for me" and not, "what is better for the team".   "I am being camped"   "I am losing my lane"   "I need to farm"   "I am, I am, I, I, I, me, me, me, me".   Take Renekton against enemy Nasus and I will stay there for the whole game if necesary, because those ganks have killing potential and are useful.   Junglers make decisions for the good of the whole team, not for you to win your lane. They can be mistaken or not, of course, but I can ensure you that your frustration is not a point to take in account when planning something. If you are not confortable in that situation, grow a thicker skin, because we dont care about your feelings. We are not sacrificing the good of the team just to be ablo to say "I told you, this was a waste of time".   Instead of losing my time in proving you something I have seen in so many games I prefer you to keep raging while we do drake, because enemy jungler is top. Or we take both mid and bot tower. Or.. Well, I think you can understand it.   Is like selecting a tank and complain because "They always hit me and I die". That's actually wonderful for your team but pretty bad for you. Do you think we care about how do you feel dying?
1	The problem isn't really that rammus isn't in flavor right now, the problem is he is viable in very few team comps. As some one who have moved from jungle rammus to top, AP mid, and Support rammus (the last of which was significantly more viably than I ever dreamed it would be, but by no means actually viable) Rammus' ganks just don't have the power they used to since his taunt was nerfed, and he just doesn't have the ability to successfully jungle any more.
0	they aren't there to manage your money   except that's exactly what they do. You have a credit for whatever comes in, but in order to earn interest on it, they invest the actual money in stuff that has returns so they can pay you interest and profit from your money.   They do this based on the assumption (and regulation) that they only need to have 10% actual cash money in relation to all the bank account credits, because under normal circumstances people are happy to keep it in the bank and don't want to withdraw all assets at once. Thus there's big penalties for going below $0, because it decreases their liquidity and could affect someone who actually HAS an account in the positive.
1	Err, I am THE Nidalee of EUW, strong midlane champions can deny and destroy her in midlane, she either loses mid or goes even.   Mmkay. Let me know when you're competing in tournaments and beating the two best Korean teams, then I'll give a shit about your opinion. Until then, you're just conceited and clearly full of yourself, Mr. "THE Nidalee of EUW".
1	And when worlds didn't last 1 month, wasn't held in a football stadium, didn't have a headline act performing and was considered a joke by everyone in the world. But hey I miss them candy corn HP pots.
1	Yea one time I couldn't see the nidalee supp's spears. Made the game against her pretty difficult, though not as difficult as it would have been if she picked a real supp.
1	What I want to make clear is that HALF the people you play with are better than you are and HALF the people you play with are worse. You could be gaining rank quickly and then it's slightly less than half to slightly more than half.   The problem with this theory is that it supposes nobody "belongs" at any elo other than what they're at.   For instance, someone who "belongs" at 900 Elo, will (probably) be the worst player in every single game they play until they hit that Elo.  Since it only takes minor amounts of luck to win half their games in the first 10 ranked games, it will take around 30 straight losses to put them at their rightful Elo.  That entire time, they'll be the worst player on the team.   Likewise, someone who belongs at 1900 Elo will be the best player on their team for many games.
1	If riot does IMO that will hurt them more than help.  Sites like lolking are 3rd party but the creators get a revenue from bringing people there.  This then causes them to work harder at advertising the site and bringing in new gamers.  The same goes for sites like twitch.tv.  riot could make their own version thats much better than anything twitch can do, but they once again will lose out on all the free advertising it brings them.  Blizzard realized they made a mistake doing that with WoW as it made the user experience a little better, but it removed a ton of free pr they where getting otherwise.
0	Source: Any guy who's gotten accused of cheating constantly until they did.   Though, really, it's never about the particular accusation. It's about the hatred and resentment being mistrusted for no reason cultivates. It'll eventually lead to anything from being broken up with to being cheated on (because he wants to break up but he's too much of a pussy to deal with it).
1	I never really liked the idea of sound proof booths - and I still don't. I'm gonna throw out an unpopular opinion here. I think crowd interaction is a very important part of sports, it gives the players a lot of motivation to play well. Playing in a sound proof booth makes the players some sort of specimen, and takes away from the live fanship vs fanship cheers that the players can hear when they make plays. Sure fans can give things away, but I just really don't want to see sound proof booths as the fix to that. I think it is a grey area that will remain grey, as I feel the pros outweigh the cons. We only see posts like this every once in awhile, and I love seeing the players hear the crowd cheering for them. For example: the TSM chants. I remember the TSM chants at the LCS finals, and regi and the rest of TSM could definitely hear them and they hyped them up even more.
0	There's so much wrong with reddit and these posts and comments. Hopefully my comment won't get buried. This will be an unpopular opinion, but I'll try to speak my mind.     Life is about second chances.  I'm not condoning what Chris Brown did. I find it terrible that he hit Rihanna, but she's still alive and she has forgiven him. He may have bypassed jail time and harsher punishment as a celebrity, but he has done community service and probably paid fines. I don't agree with the light punishments, but he has done what was required of him. Perhaps he instantly regretted his actions. Perhaps not. If he  ever  did it again, I would throw him under the bus like a lot people here have. (Note, once again: I am not condoning his actions or the light punishment, but I am supporting the fact that he deserves a second chance).   Stop with the musical hate.  Reddit's hivemind mentality about hating people's music is dumb. You can dislike an artist's music, but it doesn't make it "bad" or "crappy." Everyone on reddit wants to be that hipster, so they throw popular music under the bus (and one commenter even said he is ashamed of his musical tastes. Why?), especially with Nickelback. Does many Nickelback songs sound similar? Yes. Are they bad? No. You can hate the voices, the sounds, the music, but don't hate the artist for doing what they enjoy and making music. For example, I personally dislike Justin Bieber's music, but I don't call his music "bad" or "crappy." It's simply something that does not appeal to me.   Stop saying people lack talent.  Some commenters said that Chris Brown lacks talent. This is often the same mentality that youtube commenters have on Justin Bieber, with their hate-filled posts about his lack of talent compared to their "real music." Both Chris Brown and Justin Bieber are very good singers and dancers, very talented in each aspect. I'm not saying that you have to like certain artist's music, but saying someone lacks talent or is "bad" just because you dislike them isn't right. (On the other hand, if they can't really sing and require autotune for everything, you can say they lack talent in singing :P)
0	This will probably get buried, but I thought i'd share. I work in the IT department for my college. The college is around 4,000 students, so the staff is moderately large. A co-worker and I were in charge of finishing up the Windows 7 installs throughout campus this last summer. Some people were still using XP machines, but those were usually older faculty/staff that are resistant to change. In our implementation plan, there were three stages. We gave it first to those that wanted it right away. Then those that didn't care either way. Finally, those that didn't want it or had been resistant to change until now. Another factor that plays into this is budgets. Every department has their own budget and needs, so it's up to them to spend their money. They can't just drop all their funds on fast new computers. It's just not realistic. Windows 7 is a big step above the XP systems. Managing a network of Windows 7 machines is a lot easier than XP or Mac computers. I read some people mentioning Windows 8 systems. For one, this comes back to the money issue. Also, windows 8 is a touch based operating system that is only Windows 7, but it has a fancy overlay. It isn't as stable either.
0	Yeah I seen A LOT of numbnuts been using the wrong memes on reddit lately... Had to give out like twelve down votes today including OP.   Just a word of advice for lurkers reading this- if you don't know how to use the right memes gtfo reddit and don't make an account. If not you WILL get downballots from me and other people who know the correct way.
0	Not to mention the person not knowing how to properly do your laundry; what gets hung? what has to be washed cold, warm, hot? did she sorts blacks, whites, etc? Did she put underwear and bras in a lingerie bag? too many factors to consider
1	First of all im sorry for posting a whiny post on reddit out of frustration, went to promotion in ranked and then went on a 6 game losing streak and went from losing the promotion to 6lp so played team builder / normal instead and I won the first game and then went on another 4-5 game losing streak. And the next game I won another game and went on a 5 game losing streak one again. And when I start to have bad games I get frustrated and play really badly and get more salty so I posted out of frustration. And I actually didnt know that team builder is a seperate matchmaking based on a hidden mmr.
1	Make absolute sure you're using 2 auto attacks in between every skill cast. Before using smite or some of your abilities get your second w up. I typically do Q - E - W in the jungle going whichever buff is by bottom lane -> Wraiths -> top lane buff -> gank, or if all lanes are pushed hard go counter jungle. You typically should only use 2 health pots max on your first clear if you do it correctly. Also make absolutely sure that you have tier 3 runes, and a fully set up mastery page. You can do AD reds, armor yellows, mr/lvl blues, and lifesteal quints.
1	Oh I'm sorry, the mods can't just add the original theme in addition to the 2 new one.  LOOK I FIXED IT.  We're so spoiled we can't just add one little thing until we have a better grasp on making a readable theme.  Got it.
1	Using a FAQ of a Rioter working in the skins pipeline on this site:   So to answer your question, the creators of a skin could be large groups of people working on various parts of a skin. This makes it harder for the community to give credit since it is not usually known who did what part along the skin pipeline.   I assume similar things happen for new or reworked champions. The rioter who the community assumes 'did' the champion may have had the initial idea. You have to realize however that there is an entire process, executed by loads of rioters, following that initial  idea to create a playable ingame champion.
0	There are a number of problems which occur with chrome build up for decorative purposes.   Decorative chrome like that which is used in bathrooms, cannot be thickly plated enough, or else it loses it's lustre. Hard chrome plating does exist, but generally it is used for motor shaft build up in wear areas, or similarly used for gun barrel build-up (again in areas of wear). This is why the nickel layer is absolutely paramount to the long-term performance of the corrosion protective qualities of the plating. The thicker and smoother the nickel layer, the better the chrome will bind, and...the longer the corrosion protective qualities will last on the overall price.   I would also like to mention, that even before something is plated, the polishing of the substrate is very important. Many made in China or Walmart brand products give a very rough finish, which to the average consumer, looks shiny, but to the trained eye, no care was taken to polish the surface. Most cheaper products I've seen look as if they've been rough belt sanded, which is frankly, brutal, a waste of metal. You want at least a grit of 400 on the surface of a part if you are not going to pre copper plate, and even with copper you need at least 220 grit.   Chrome has a very very thin oxide layer which forms very quickly, allowing it's lustre to remain. If for example you were to plate an excessive amount of chrome or at too high of a current density, you will find that there appears a whitish and cloudy lustre in the areas of highest density. Likewise, too low of a current will result in "blow marks" which is a discoloured area of the plating surface, usually in areas of low current density, and you will almost always see these low current density points on the underside of a plating piece, it sort of looks purple/blue.   I sort of sidetracked there a bit (sorry I get all excited when my field is in discussion :) )...   But the other thing I want to mention, is that chromium, being such a hard metal, will always be full of microcracks which allow moisture to enter, and the thicker the chromium, the larger the cracks, because the plating is always stressed. Just a symptom of the metal, but damn it's got that nice blue hue to it that people just love, so we forgive this vital flaw ;)   But yes,
0	There are legitimate companies that make you pay up front, and some jobs require it (most independent contractor positions, for example).  I paid $99 for my "starter kit" for Tupperware.  Earned that back + more on my first party plus I get to keep all of the samples that came with it, which if I ordered it myself would have been over $200.  The only things I need to pay for are order forms, books, etc. but the order forms aren't really mandatory and my regional directors send me some of the books for free.  Similarly I was interviewing to be a financial planner at one point.  Licensing was required and you had to pay for it yourself because it's an independent contractor deal.  Ended up turning it down because I wasn't ready for a career and $3000 when you're broke and out of college for insurance and similar licensing is a bit much.
0	I loved e-books for my junior and senior years of college. (Graduated in 2010).   Those two years I took as many of classes online as possible. That means all of my exams were online as well. They were obviously "open book" style tests, but they were on a time limit. So you had to search your book fast if you didn't know the answer.   You can probably see where I'm going with this.   I completely credit control+f with getting me through at least a few classes that I never read the book once.
0	Since you mention Amazon...   My book store started to upload a page where they "compared" prices to other websites like half.com and Abebooks.com. However, I noticed that there were no Amazon prices listed. Originally I just assumed that the Amazon books were a lot more expensive than the list comparing the other "cheapest" 15 prices. I became curious because some of the other prices on the list were 5 times more expensive than the price the book store offered, and usually Amazon is pretty cheap. I checked out Amazon and it turns out most of my books were half the price the book store offered. The book store left the Amazon prices off the list! Was it on purpose? I think so!
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	These threads are usually pretty fucking pointless, so I'm going to try to dig up ACTUAL advice. Well hopefully this won't get buried, but let's try it!   I'll bite. I guess my biggest question is, how would you convert your early game advantage into mid game?   (For the sake of this conversation let's just say roaming isn't part of this, if you were mid, you came and got the kills bot or top, and if you're jungle you took the kills, top and bot etc. etc.  Most times I roam I end up getting the kills anyways. Resulting in the lane still being negative)   Examples: You win your lane (any lane), but every other lane gets smashed. Now it's mid game where everyone runs around because towers are down.   CLASSIC SCENARIO - You try to communicate to your team to ward and find people running around the jungle, you buy wards as well for this purpose. (This is excluding the fact that, by now, your team hasn't already surrendered from QQ or haven't raged so hard at each other that they just are being pussy ass bitches and trying to troll)     Team doesn't group. Why? That 0-8 Caitlyn/Xin/Darius whatever NEEDS/WANTS to farm. Can I blame them? No. They got smashed so now they want items to hopefully catch up. So what do they do? Over extend like crazy.  Oh but you must be saying, "YOU FOOL! WHY DIDN'T YOU WARD FOR THEM??" I did. I ping. They still die. Usually accompanying the death is the, "I'm not worth gold anyways tehe :3" Okay so now what do I do? The other team is taking objectives like crazy, picking us off, I can't possibly 1v5. Then the spiral begins.      Let's use your 10-2 Caitlyn. How is this caitlyn supposed to carry her team? Every lane is farming while the other team is at second turrets. Should the caitlyn just go doublelift on their ass and 1v5 them under turret? Mind you this is excluding the fact that the enemy team is EQUALLY fed from the other lanes.   I type until my hands bleed to group, I try to follow them and protect them, I ping.
1	Cho'Gath is not a good jungler because he cannot clear the jungle fast (early game) compared to other champs   What? Jungle Cho is actually known for having one of the best clearing times in the game.   Good thing I only read the
0	I don't think it's the best people are  knocked  out.  The winner of the voice is locked into a recording contract with Universal, and I think 100 grand.  Nothing to sneeze at until you see how much the label makes on those records.  Let's say that I'm Adam, and I want to sign the phenomenally talented Kat Perkins, and get the phat dollars that come from signing an artist.  I can't do that if she's locked into a contract with Universal, and I know she's going to be profitable.  As her coach, I"m going to throw her a curveball.  I'm going to have her sing something that I don't think is going to go over with the voting public.  Now, she's voted off the island, and here I come with a shoulder to cry on, and a record deal.  This record deal is fatter than the one she would have gotten with Universal, since I don't pay for advertising or a show on TV.  Now I make my fat salary for being on the show, I sign a phenomenal artist and make their life a hell of a lot better, and the general public thinks they really decide who gets to make it big.  Win-Win-Win.
1	For me League, surprisingly to many, had a positive effect. After many games where I raged at horrible teammates I finally realised that I can only affect my own performace. I know many people have said that in varius "how to gain elo" threads, but it's one thing to read it, and completely another to really internalize it. Even when all 4 ppl on my team are straight up horrible players I dont focus on that, I think what I could've done better in this game. And trust me, there is always something, however small, that I could do better. Be it roaming, warding, trading in lane, csing, some bad decision etc. I had games where I was hard carrying my team and we could win had I avoided that ONE mistake I made. Sure, I could blame others that after only one mistake I made we lost, but if I didnt do that mistake we could probably win... It helps a lot in life, not only in game. After whatever you do, dont blame others or circumstances, always ask yourself what you couldve done better or differently. It has helped me achieve gold this season because I reflected on the games I play and I believe it will help me out in life. Thanks, League.
0	Like in North Korea where if you sympathize with South Korea you get sent to concentration camps along with you whole family, your kids, and your kids' kids.   Technically what Snowden did was leak government information which is treason. However I do not want Snowden to be caught.
0	being predisposed to believe in deities doesn't mean we start religious. (assuming that is even true). Without information you can't know the answer to things and consider you are born with no information on the universe outside of how to operate your body any explanations you come up for things replaces the original stance of "I don't know". If you don't know how the world was created you don't believe that god did it, because you don't even know about the concept of god. Religion is the answer to a question and you aren't born with the answer to a question you don't know the existence of.  I can't believe I'm actually having to argue that you don't believe in something if you don't know it exists. (or at least that people think it does)
0	I used to get severe panic attacks. I would have 2-3 bad ones a day, and would feel generally anxious the rest of the time. It came to a point where I could only fall asleep by laying on my right side because otherwise the feeling of my heart pounding would keep me awake. I don't get them anymore. Here's what worked for me:   -I told my primary doctor about it and he graciously listened to exactly what I was saying, instead of trying to downplay it. He ordered all the tests that could rule out an actual physical cause of what I was feeling. (TSH, EKG, CXR). I almost hoped that something would be wrong, so that maybe a medication or procedure could relieve my symptoms and feelings. Tests came back, and NOTHING WAS PHYSICALLY WRONG. This was step one. I realized I was not going to die from these attacks.   -Step Two consisted of me learning everything possible about anxiety disorders and panic attacks. The more knowledge I gained, the more power I had over my symptoms and feelings. I began to understand exactly what was going on in my body when things really started to feel bad.   -Building off step two, I came up with a mantra that I would repeat in my head when I could feel the anxiety build. "There is nothing physically wrong with you. This is just a chemical body process. Breathe, and focus on something else." I would then force myself to redirect my attention to a different activity. Talking to someone. Changing rooms. Making something. Anything.   I soon found that with this knowledge and coping mechanism, I was able to calm down from attacks much faster. Then the attacks started to come less frequently. The general anxiety began to fade. I could sleep on my back again. With every milestone, I gained power over my symptoms and mental insecurities. Today I live symptom free, without the help of medication and free from fear. This worked for me, and I believe a similar process can work for others.
1	Yeah, but in Smite jungling doesn't work as well.  The xp doesn't work the same as in LoL when you have two people sharing it.  In high level Smite play, you would have no dedicated jungler, but each lane will end up clearing their jungle camps close to when they spawn (and in Smite, there are a lot more buffs in the jungle to claim, without specific buffs having to go to your mid, for example).  The same balance ideas may not work in both League and Smite because they have made different decisions in terms of balance in other parts of the game, and because jungling is so different in Smite, you cannot simply apply it's jungling optimizations to League.
0	Before I can say that I believe you and offer my advice (which would be to tell the school counselor, or in another case: the police) I would like to know why you created a reddit account just for this confession. I wonder if you even check it, and so far as I can see, you only responded to ONE comment, which was the most negative comment, calling your situation bullshit.
1	why are you so sure? that split pusher can easily make a post with the
0	I made this mistake not too long ago.  The cat had no chip, and no collar.  It belonged to one of my neighbors, and it was back out in a week.   I can understand no collar, cats get out of them all the time.  But I should have been able to take it in and get the chip read, knock on their door and be done with it.   The cat is really noisy by its nature, so it always sounds a little upset, and it was pretty hungry, so I had no way of knowing it hadn't been dumped, as I live in a college neighborhood and its right around that time.  The cat also has various small cuts on it, probably from run ins with other cats and squirrels, but how the shit am I supposed to know?   On the plus side that cat comes and hangs out with me daily now and is the sweetest thing.  He likes to crawl into my lap and rub his face all over mine.
0	story time! i worked for a long while in phone based outbound sales and spent time with a company who did the same thing. Logging amount of calls and duration and unbeknownst to me also WHO you were calling.  It sucked and i hated it. I eventually realized that i just needed to connect to the other line for 20 seconds and it would register as an outbound call made. BINGO!  i would call corporations with long voice recorded greetings, count to 20 hang up, repeat.  i start doing this and hitting numbers. at first i had about 10 different numbers i'd hit up but eventually i  found one that was 732-222-1711 and had a long greeting message. i started dialing that number 60 times a day, 5 days a week.   after about a month, i'm in an office that houses my direct manager and his direct manager. my direct goes "hey have you been feeling ok?" i responded yea, why? "cause i was looking at your call numbers and you've made like 400 calls to an ONCOLOGY OFFICE in the last 2 weeks."  ohh uhhhh fuckkkkk.   i excused myself and buzzed him a few minutes later to meet outside and i would "explain"  Straight up told him my scheme and he started laughing and exclaims, "oh man! i thought you had CANCER!"   he ended it by telling me to switch my numbers up and stop using that one.
0	I dealt with a similar situation once. Friend of a friend at a party (whom I kinda hated already before this) got kinda drunk and started talking shit and said he was going to show me his dick. I told him if he did I would punch him in it as hard as I could. You can probably guess what happened next.
1	All depends on how you look at it, the last two years of a British-style high school system, called A-levels, (having been in both British and North American) is close to the first two years of university in terms of academics in North America. A typical British undergraduate program therefore starts at a higher level and is only 3 years long as opposed to the North American 4 year degrees.   So, take someone entering med school in Britain versus in North America; in Britain they will have 2 years worth of A-levels, let's call that 1 year of undergrad (I've done one year of A-levels in Britain and am currently taking undergrad in Canada, it's around the same level academically). So they have done first year, then they take 6 years of training in a direct medical field before interning/becoming qualified.   In North America, Med School students have 8 years (4 undergrad, 4 postgrad) of direct schooling as opposed to the British 6 years, but 4 of those years were probably spent learning Chemistry, Biology, Neuroscience.. whatever their undergrad was. So they only have 4 years of Medical schooling before internship etc, and a very specialised knowledge in a certain area which is related to their field but not applicable every day to being a doctor. Brits have 6 years of specific Medical schooling, which is more, but lack the specialised already-have-an-undergrad aspect; although I'd say they have at least 1 years worth of undergrad from the high school system.
1	I just hit g5 a few weeks ago, I spent a really long time in silver and this is how I got out. The thing that helped me win the most games was playing aoe champs with a really strong lategame/team fight presence. I am a jungle main, so I played a lot of wukong and amumu. I would spend the majority of my time farming so that I could get the items I needed to be a monster in team fights, and I would only really gank post 6 when my ult was up to guarantee kills. There is this weird phenomenon in sliver, where at around 25/30 mins, both teams group up and just spend the rest of the game pushing mid and forcing team fights regardless of team composition/power distribution or what is going in in different lanes. I highly recommend picking up every dragon whenever you can, but I would be really cautious when trying to force baron. Only do baron when the other team is completely dead/preoccupied, or if your team is behind and baroning is your last hope. The other way I got through silver was becoming really good at support. A lot of people discourage low elo players from getting good at support because support has a "low carry potential", but I think that statement is completely untrue. The reason why being a great support is so important in silver, is because there is a 75% chane that the other teams support was forced into their role and have no idea what they are doing, so you can easily snowball Botlane and single-handedly carry the game with your adc. I recommend playing supports with really good engage, I personally exclusively played Braum and Leona. I love Leona because it is really easy to engage on their ad with your e+q+r combo, unlike champs like thresh or Morgana who you have to land a skills shot with in order to successfully engage. I also really like Braum because he had a really good all in, and he is also great at surviving ganks (I'm used to usually being camped when I support because I play so aggressively). Braum and Leona are also really good in team fights! If you are curious about how I build Braum/Leona I usually go relic shield, targons, sightstone, t1 boots, fotm, t2 boots, locket/fh depending in the other team, randuins, banshees veil, ruby crystal. I usually build randuins before bv because I will likely have mercs and possibly a locket, but sometimes I like to buy mobos on Leona and cdr boots on Braum, so I would then get veil before randuins. Another fun thing to do on tanky supports is to get sunfire cape as your 4th item and split push if nobody else is on you team so you can get huge!
0	A few people do. I work in Supermac's which is like, Irish McDonald's, and we have a serious amount of people who either complain that the temperature of our coffee is too hot or too cold. The ones who say it's too hot piss me off more though, I once got really mad and was like "could you not just wait until it cools down?!" and he just looked at me as if they idea of waiting was fucking ludicrous! I did offer him ice cubes afterwards though
1	There is no way to counterplay her ultimate. Literally no way. CC doesn't affect her, the ulted target's damage is lowered, and it lasts a long time.   And her passive is op as fuck. reduces burst damage extremely. Her q is percent damage and her w gives damage+speed+durability.
1	The reasoning behind dfg/abyss first is because it gives way more immediate power, partly because the parts are cheaper and give more pleasant stats, partly because the total item is cheaper and its early-mid impact is greater. The reason you take deathcap is pure damage; the rest offers some utility. Early-mid, you won't need the damage as much, whereas the utility is great.   As for Void Staff: I like to play AP mids that deal damage. As such, I never play against a team that doesn't build mr- I'm way too scary for that. And, again, as such, void staff becomes mandatory  eventually  if I still want to be able to kill people.   Regardless, dfg>abyss>dcap>void is pretty solid, with, depending on the champion, some variations- for example, dfg is pretty useless on midalee, and morgana will prefer a zhonyas. Orianna can dfg but generally rather goes athenes/dcap.
0	Hey Op, if you happen to bunny loop with alternating the loops, one going into the hole from the front, the other loop through the back and pulling at them simultaneously, you now have created a legit "bow".   You can make it look nicer and stuff, but most importantly, this method is both insanely strong when tied together but easy to remove.   I seen this method online a few years ago, I've 'bunny ear'd" it from then on in.   the other method will just result in you requiring to double knot or re-tie when it comes loose.   bonus points. Suck at wrapping gifts?  Take a sweet piece of ribbon and tie it using this method. A little practice but once you are able to make the loops the same size and the knot is perfectly in the center, its got quite the presentation.
0	My band was playing a club in Pulaski, TN one time, and it was a three hour drive to the place. We had stopped at a Hardee's about 2 hours away, and the food was working on me HARD.   So we get there, and I need to shit something awful. Luckily, there were only a couple of people in the club because, unknown to us before we drove all the way out there, the whole damn town was down at the river for some sort of festival. Probably a Klan rally or some shit.   Anyway, I hit this toilet running. It was seriously the nastiest and stinkiest bowl-full of excrement that I have ever had come out of me. Relief. So I wipe, get up and flush.   I'm washing my hands when I hear water (and shit) pouring out if the toilet. This son of a bitch is completely clogged. There is no plunger. There is no way to clean this up. So, for some reason, my brain tells me to just leave it and go back to setting up our equipment.   Fast forward 2 minutes. An old drunk-ass man from the bar decides he needs to take a piss. He goes to the door, opens it, and exclaims to the whole bar, "That boy shit a goddamn wildcat in here. And it's every-fucking-where!" The whole bar (10 people) look straight at me. I tell them I'm sorry and duck my head into some equipment.   I watched the bartender clean up the bathroom, gagging, pissing, and moaning the entire time.   They closed the bar early. We made $40 that night. They never invited us back.
0	Hmm. >Became a tree   And >Puked brains   I could believe that  either  a tree  or  a brains-eating zombie (which would logically puke up brains after nearly drowning) would post on reddit. But a zombie that's also a tree? I'm beginning to suspect that this story might not be entirely accurate.
1	I did an interview with SaintVicious a while back (one of oldest active lol players) and he said that once you pass like 22 or something, your reaction times start to go down, and you don't play as well as you do in your youth, he said that players peak at around 18 because their reactions are prime, and they are mature enough to handle the stress.
1	Well, since you had 14 of your teams kills, you got burdened with increasing responsibility for winning the game. Since you didn't win, it's your fault, since you had like double the gold of other people on your team.   Basically, your entire team was resting on you because you got all of the kills, and if you ever died then the rest of your team would fall in seconds. If a fight ever broke out and you weren't there, your team died because you took all of the kills and money so they were outclassed.   Try letting your teammates get more of the kills (by gifting them the secures, even though you're the carry) so they can contribute to fights as well.   Also, >I had no fault in this game Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Hahahahahahahah. Hahahaha. Haha. Ha. Oh man, that was great. Seriously, ignore everything I said above, because your step one is     Get over this mindset.      You made plenty of mistakes, I'm sure (honestly, you died 4 times; are all of those perfect worth dives/trades where you sacrificed yourself for several major objectives and moved the game forward in a way that couldn't be accomplished without dying? You never got caught out a single time or missed a kill you might've picked up with slightly better play?), and there are just some games that you're going to lose thanks to forces out of your control. League is not a single-player online game, it's a team game. If you belong in the higher division, keep playing and you'll make it through the promotions. Don't bitch and ask for a loss prevention just because you happened to be on the losing team.
0	Well  black history month was ultimately founded; or accepted as the norm, rather, to undo the damage done by institutional racism. It was not until the early 20th century that psychology developed to show the effects that institutional racism was having. [The doll study didn't happen until the 1940's whereas the inception of black history week occurred in the mid 20's, I know, but let us pro-rate it on the same assumption that people had an understanding of gravity BEFORE Newton "discovered" it]   At any rate, the United States' abysmal track record of the 3/5ths compromise, Dred Scott v. Sandford, Jim Crow laws, and Plessy v. Ferguson had undeniably settled at the federal level that blacks were not people, not whole people anyways. This idea filtered down to the grassroots, growing increasingly dissonant as it went, like a long... LONG... game of telephone.   While the federal level, and educated-politicos knew that these rulings did little to exemplify the lesser quality of blacks; to the grass-roots, it was undeniable that blacks were less than human: 'Because the Supreme Court said so!'   So armed with a rudimentary knowledge of how institutional racism works, we were greeted with highlights such as Black History Month, and later Affirmative Action, in an attempt to fix the damage.   The ideal fix would be to stop paying such high reverence to the generation before as having had "figured life out," BUT life is complicated. Which is why we still have things like religion. It's the easiest way to raise children and instill good morals (I'm not saying its the best or only way, it is simply the easiest, which works for the less intelligent. For the record, I am having a bitch of a time trying to explain why violence is bad to my nephew, who got in trouble for pretend 'shooting' his classmates at recess. But then plays nerf with me at home. Religion sort of alleviates this by offering an ultimate judgement for your actions, at least in your formative years [so don't downvote me, atheists. This shit is just complicated] sorry for the tangent)   In summation, we're gridlocked trying to fix the problems of past generations while still venerating them. That's why we have black history month. Should we have it? Probably for at least another 20 years. As I understand it, a good percentage of US citizens are still racist. And that 'Heritage not Hate' motto doesn't fly if you can't accurately describe the basics of federalism v. Anti-federalism.
1	Hi there   Im from saudi arabia with 40mb download speed   Ping in Na : 160+  Ping in EuNe : 110+  Ping in Euw :90+   I dont mind playing with 90+ ping but the only reason i want a server is to spread the game all over the country just like how riot partnered with turkey pepsi companys to print ryze and type stuff about the game on the cans to make a larger fanbase   And i think the perfect country to setup the servers would be dubai in my opinion , thanks for reading
1	I'll first Label them A B and C, this makes explaining this easy... As I'm a git and I wanted to answer the riddle too.   1  Ask person A, "If I asked you 'Are you Jarvan?' in your current mental state would you say 'yes'?"   If A answers 'yes', then A is Jarvan:   2a  Ask Person B, "If I asked you 'Garen?', would you say 'yes'?"   If B answers 'yes, then B is Garen and C is Leblanc.   If B answers 'no', then B is Leblanc and C is Garen. In both cases, the puzzle is solved.   Or....   If A answers 'no' then A is not Jarvan:   2b  Ask person A, "If I asked you 'Are you Garen ?', would you say 'yes'?"   If A answers 'yes, then A is Garen.   If A answers 'no' then A is Leblanc.   3  Ask person A, "If I asked you 'Is person B Garen?', would you say 'yes'?"   If A answers 'yes', then B is Jarvan, and C is the opposite of A.   If A answers 'no' then C is Jarvan, and B is the opposite of A.
1	because allstars actually fucking matters, if it was a for fun tournament just to show the favorites going head to head then sure who cares but last year europe got screwed over so hard because everyone sent half of the team that almost exclusively speaks russian and a french guy and a german. The team had 0 cohesion and likely had issues communicating since Gambit speaks russian in game and basically got shoehorned into speaking a language they were not super comfortable with.   But when worlds rolled around we saw that SEA didnt have the greatest teams to offer and that europe was an actual contender for a top 3 finish.
0	b/ is the driving force behind 4chan, most funny content and memes started up there. I was on it years ago with all the dumb stuff (sage,inb4) blah blah. I definitely checked out the other forums but /b/ had new content on the front page every few seconds.
1	I played nearly 1000 Ranked Games in Season 3 (SK Dragonnidh) with ups and downs, and its not really easy to win Silver games at all. Then i come to play duoque with my Challenger friend for about 6~ Games. I was the only Silver guy in the whole game, my enemies were Platin and Diamond. I played botlane as adc is my main, and i completly stomped the enemy botlane in 4 out of 6 games. My best score was 14/2/12 as adc, and i carried 4 out of 6 games, and won 5 out of 6 games, on Platin/Diamond lvl. Dont tell me i deserve to be in Silver, i was twice at the gold promo and lost it because i got leavers and trolls
0	My father turns hi signal on really late, like 2 seconds before he turns. One day it blew up in his face because our house is basically a hidden drive. So there's a car behind him and does his late turn when he gets rear-ended. I'd like to  to think that he has learned his lesson that day.
1	Why are you bashing every ability of quinn?  you just need to keep playing her so these "bugs" can take then to your advantage. Lets go over all the ability's   Q:  Is her pushing skill, so it whould be stupid if she couldn't hit minions anymore. The thing with blinds it is negates basic attacks, but an empowerd basic attack like nasus Q is treated like a spell so i cant be blocked with a blind. The bigger hitbox from it even helps you in lane so you can poke with it even when they stand behind thier minons.   W:  Her W is actually one of her bread and butter skills, alle because of the passive effect. you even max it 2nd. because if you proc your passive you gain an AS steriod, and because of that you only need to build 1 AS item. and in her ult you gain a MASSIVE AS boost from your W.   E:  You are right that her e is kinda buggy but you don't bother most of the time. the only problem i have with it is that when u vault there is a slim chance that you vault of in some random direction.  And your "solution" for it to make you untargetable whould break the ability so much.   R:  The biggest problem people have with the button R is that you want to press it in a teamfight, but you dont use it in a teamfight. you use it as an escape and chase tool. or for example when u are splitpushing bot lane and thier adc comes bot to duel you, you can burst her down because of the blind you have and the assasinate potential of your ult.   Passive:  The passive is what makes Quinn the champion that she is. Lets go over your points.     The marks don't always detonate correctly.  That because it isn't there yet, and you can't proc something that isnt there.     But sometimes basic attacks won't detonate her E marks.  I never had this problem, well only with basic attack cansels     Marks provide vision on enemy champions, but disappear if the champion goes invisible.  That is because it gives vision, not true vision so it isn't a bug     Valor prioritizes enemy champions correctly, but applies marks well out of Quinn's attack range or ability range.  I kinda like that the range of her passive is very long, because you can mark the enemy adc and he will be scared to take cs.
0	Unless you're filing for bankruptcy, then dress as shitty as possible (possibly not bathing for a few days), but still be polite. You want to look as destitute as possible so your bankruptcy will be granted.
1	Cass isn't bad per se.   It's just that Cass isn't that much better than other AP casters, and Cass is really, really unforgiving to play. Miss your initial poison spells? That's a lot of damage that your fangs won't do. Move a little bit too close to cast your spells? Take damage that you can't afford as a squishy champ.   Cass's ult is situational. If you find yourself close enough to use it, then something went horribly wrong.   I like to think of Cass as a more extreme "glass cannon" version of Karthus, except with worse utility and more single-target damage. I think that Karthus is a safer character, and I'd rather see a Karthus on the team rather than a Cassiopeia.   That said, it's not a bad idea to learn to play Cass. If you play perfectly, you'll beat the enemy. If you make the slightest mistake, you'll know instantly.
1	As a jungler I see this too often. Auto lock ww or udyr and power farm while your team feeds me on khazix or vi. Its sad really because those champions CAN carry if played corectly. These people are not scapegoats because its true they watch a trick stream and see how he carried with a bad champion and want to emulate it.   IF A JANGLER IS CAMPING TOP TAKE DRAGON IF A JUNGLER IS POWER FARMING CAMP LANES. It really is that easy.   I dont watch anyone on the 2g network but I can say this: Good on him. Every game has someone like this to pull in noob viewers for entertainment I am happy someone is taking these peoples money and teaching them niche strategies, more kills and wins for me.
0	Am I the only one who is tired of the "typical white person" comments and blatant racism going the other way by people who just want to show how "dedicated" they are to their cause?   Seriously - my brain just sort of Windows Blue-Screens when I see someone calling out blatant racism and then using blatant racism in the same breath.   That makes me lose hope for humanity more than anything - pointing out someone else's wrongdoings while doing the exact same thing (and somehow excusing it in your mind).
0	So me and my friend, both lower middle class, were at a fancy restaurant with a our friend and his really rich family, my poorer friend asked me what Filet Mignon was and I confidently said fish. When they told him to get Filet Mignon instead of the New York Steak and he replied with "I don't like fish" we got some judgmental and funny looks.
1	If you're trying to attribute it to luck, or "a curse", then there's already a  major  issue with your attitude towards Ranked.   Not every thing is skill based in LoL; not by a long shot. But  none  of it is down to either one of those elements. And why? Because they don't exist. If you got crit when the opponent had a meager 10% chance, that's RNG doing its work and that's just plain unfortunate; but chances are, it's your attitude that doesn't carry games.   It also does not help that you only provide the KDAs of  you , without any further detail. KDAs mean nothing, in the grand scheme of things. Sure, a higher KDA ratio tends to lead to more won games, but you're not going to do that by flaming, being condescending, not contributing to team synergy or otherwise keeping your team down.   Here's an example of [what attitude can do for you.](   And because my word probably doesn't account for much, I'm going to throw a [well-respected person's opinion]( out there, as well.   To clarify; if you are implying (to any extent) that ELO Hell exists (being as you're "stuck"), then I'd like to hastily [disparage that idea]( straight away.   And, for the sake of flavour, we'll go from straight & white male to gay & black male, telling you [why you're stuck in "the ELO Hell".](   You may also appreciate a small article talking about whether you [deserve to be higher rank or not.](   Note: [Cloth5]( has  incredibly  great articles for theorycrafting, ideologies, mindsets and general LoL badassery.
1	In my eyes it is equal to what has happend to world of warcraft.  As the player base grows, you will have the same percantage of awesome, good, normal and bad players. But the admount of players that are in lower tiers are becoming heavily big. At the moment we do have 115? champion, these are at least 460 spells, and 115 passives (even more spells due to different spells like nidale does have). As i started (right after the closed beta) There were just around 50-60 Champions. At this time it was way more easy to get into the game, even so there was no meta.   So what happens now is, that it will get even more difficult for the new players to get into the game (we are still getting new champs). This changes wont effect the high tier plays, because they will still have the internal timer for themself and wont need something like a debuff warning. But it will help the new players to learn the timing until they wont need it aswell. The only negative effect i can think off is, that normal or casual players will reach the middle or higher tiers more easy, due to this implemantations and may disturb other players ingame experience duo to bad machenical skills.
0	They probably worked out a deal with the manufacturer of the tire for a pro-rated buy-back to cover a huge portion of the cost.... depending on how many miles were on the tire and how long the pro-rated warranty was for.   My dad only paid $100 or so for a full new set of tires from Discount tire because they only lasted 20k miles but were warranted for 60k, and he chose a slightly cheaper new tire.
1	While I wont comment about the gold value of stats (I personally dont think that you can easily give a value for many stats, like ms/lifesteal,cdr etc) I still will comment about the usefulness of those numbers:   According to lol wiki Rageblade with passive and fullstacked is worth~5k gold and its one of the cheaper items, but its still not a good item the stats arent very useful even champions like jax can use other items better because they are more in need of other "special" stats which you cant really put a number on, like the ms from trinity or the active of botrk.   What that means for MF is that the mana of trinity is almost useless(like who besides ryze would get saphire crystal for the mana? you get it for the upgrades, roa or tear in most cases which have more and different effects)   to give an even better example LW and Void according to lol wiki Void has a gold value of 1523 and LW has a gold value of 1440 (ignoring the armor/mpen) so void is the "better" item but you will never get into a situation where you think about the gold value of those items you will get either lw or void depending on what you play not the gold value.   I also think that the PD on MF is stronger than trinity because you can get more w stacks/more w proccs after you got an ult off
0	Gonna be honest, went on their site- i have no idea what the hell you guys are talking about. A lot of their polos and tees are pretty nice and there's way more no logo ones than logo tees. I mean all they really have is that tiny moose where every other company puts their logo. Yeah its pretty expensive but i have some from hand me downs and they lasted a shit ton of years and their comfortable. I mean the hoodies, tees, polos, and basically everything are just normal clothes. I don't know why you guys feel like everything from the store is a walking billboard since i barely saw any huge logos on the merchandise online. Stop hating a company just for the sake of hating something, who gives a shit if the owner hates uglies or fatties, i mean reddit makes jokes about people like that all the time.
1	What I honestly hate about the end of the Season are the people who are like "I got Gold so I don't need to try anymore and just use rank to practice champions cause I'm an LCS material person. I watch <Popular Streamer> do it all the time, how hard can it be ?" They don't realize that they are in Gold and the <Streamer> is in D1/Challenger and actually knows that champion to a certain extent.
1	Guardian angels win games, especially if you're already winning. I do honestly think it's too good for what it does and how it builds.   Need some MR? build a mantle then finish up your GA later. Need armor? Chain vest op, build GA later.   My problem isn't with GA itself, it's just how it builds and how much resist you can pull out of it with the basic parts of it before you even have the finished product.   Also another huge problem with GA is that if more than 1 person on your team gets it and gets it reasonably quickly it's pretty much a free team fight won. (we're talking basic level players here 1600 elo and below) then just stall out if you lose your GA's for 5 mins and repeat it, if you're taking objectives like baron and dragon off of these fights it's even worse.   Pretty much GA should not be able to be purchased before the 35 min point of the game. I have seriously carried games that were almost a certain loss and would of been had it not been for me and 1 other person rushing GA other than damage. Duo queue with a friend? Rush 2 Ga's when you're losing and see what happens. I'm not saying you'll win, but it will give you a HUGE chance of a come back if you're team fighting because most players at lower levels don't understand how to reserve themselves, they'll go all in and waste all their stuff downing your GA's/trying to win the fight.
1	You can win with any supports.  I have a friend in plat who plays support fairly often, and wins a decent portion of his games.  He occasionally runs random champions in support and still wins just as often as he normally would.  This past week, he's won five out of six games as supprt Tristana, which is definitely not the current meta.
1	in bronze and low silver(5&4) all you really need to do is focus on maximizing cs. Try to hit around 100 in 13 mins. 200 in 24mins. And you will carry because you will get your items about 5-10 minutes faster. Higher silver. You have to apply pressure. If theu guy bases. Push the wave to his turret. Auto attack it 3-5 times. Base aswell. If he goes to roam. Take his turret. Push the wave to 2nd turret.
1	I would like to start by saying I agree. Blue side is better. But there are certain counter-exploits in the things you bring up.   If you know or suspect the enemy bot lane is doing to do golems, invade their blue, or try to mess with them at golems (you can hurt them, stop them, or sometimes they'll take the big one and run, counter jungling themself). Also, your mid and top can take golems if they work together. It's slightly more annoying, but plenty doable.   If you're worried about the enemies getting red, try to get a timer on it and take it when it spawns. Also you can feed bottom lane Red as blue, but purple can feed it to top, or the jungler themself can have it for ganks. It's not the worst thing in the world.
0	You're being downvoted because simply stating the amount of abortions doesn't make an argument that abortion is something easy for people to do. You provide no context and make an assumption that common equals easy.   Looking past the fact that the website you linked is probably not a reputable source, here's some more stats it lists:     51% of U.S. women obtaining abortions are younger than 25; women aged 20-24 obtain 33% of all U.S. abortions, and teenagers obtain 18% (AGI).       In 2010, 85% of all abortions were performed on unmarried women (CDC).     Half of pregnancies among American women are unintended; about 4 in 10 of these are terminated by abortion. Twenty-one percent of all U.S. pregnancies (excluding miscarriages) end in abortion. (AGI).     On average, women give at least 3 reasons for choosing abortion: 3/4 say that having a baby would interfere with work, school or other responsibilities; about 3/4 say they cannot afford a child; and 1/2 say they do not want to be a single parent or are having problems with their husband or partner (AGI).       So, this paints a pretty clear picture about who, and why people are getting abortions. It is generally young unmarried women who unintentionally get pregnant and do not feel prepared for the responsibilities of having a child.   This once again doesn't prove whether or not getting an abortion is easy or hard, but gives a better picture of the demographics of who are getting them.   Now I will get to the important statistics:     The annual number of legal induced abortions in the United States doubled between 1973 and 1979, and peaked in 1990. There was a slow but steady decline through the 1990's. Overall, the number of annual abortions decreased by 6% between 2000 and 2009, with temporary spikes in 2002 and 2006 (CDC).     51% of women having abortions used a contraceptive method during the month they became pregnant. (AGI).       Abortion has been decreasing since 1990, due to an increase in sex ed and understanding proper usage of contraception. Despite this, only 51% of women used contraception during the month they became pregnant. The issue isn't that 1.06 million abortions means that it's an easy decision, it's that improper usage of contraception by single women under the age of 25 has led to a lot of unwanted pregnancies.
0	D.C. GAH. Young me (10-12 years old) and family went there a while back, and stayed for several days going to museums and the like. Well, I had a pair of jeans I really liked. Cargo pants. Heck yes. Little me loved pockets and putting stuff in pockets. They were even better than that, though, because they had zippers, and stuff wouldn't fall out! Now, the problem with zippers is that they're made of metal...but hardly any metal, right? Ha. So I put on my fly zipper and two pocket zipper pants, and we head to the Holocaust museum.   Now, the Holocaust already set me off. My parents had a hard enough time getting me to go into the building in the first place. We get our little booklet, and head through the detectors. I'm the third out of four to go through, and all hell breaks loose. Alarms beeping, guards running up and pulling me away from everyone else. Other guards are shoving my father away while he tries to comfort freaking-out little me, and all the while my mom can't even see what's going on because they haven't let anyone else go through the detectors. They bring out the wand and go allll over me with it. Every time it goes past the tops of my pockets, it beeps. They tell me to empty my pockets, but my pockets are empty. They tell me to stop hiding whatever it is, and just empty my pockets! Again, I tell them my pockets are empty!   Fast forward 15 minutes, a very angry father and mother stomp away from the security booths, followed by a small boy who is absolutely miserable, and a rather indifferent older sister. The boy curls up in the corner of each room of the museum.   It happens at every single museum he goes to that day.   He now has small panic attacks whenever he goes through store detectors. They're smaller than they used to be; his entire body doesn't tense and tingle, and his heartrate doesn't race, but the memory of that day hasn't left.   Oh yeah. Edit:
1	would double tapping enter kill you. Wall of text FTL   Katarina may or may not receive some compensation for the DFG removal, but as it is thats a nerf   Akali has already been toned down once on the PBE, and they can always do more.   Fizz has been mentioned already as going to get worked on.   They're not actually trying to nerf Zed as an assassin, its the fact he can splitpush like a mofo, plus assassinate, that makes him too strong a champ at the moment.
1	Just got through gold 3->plat5 after 20 wins and 5 loose.  I can only add another thing. From your point of view, you rely only on jungle in order to climb to plat ? Is it ? It's not bad though it's better to learn some stronk pick for each roles. Like getting 3 char for your main role (Jungle ?), 3 char for your second role (Support ? Since ... It's a nobody play role ... KINDA.) and one for each others.   That's how i worked though i have at least 5 for each. About how did i climb ? I noticed that a lot of people ... prefered to play other things than support. So i learn how to support like a boss and learnt the power of a perfect duo bot. Out of 20 wins. 13 must have been thanks to blitz/sona Support.
1	People get weird about clothes. I'm a white dude, and in middle school I had bought some FUBU shoes, and started wearing them everywhere. Apparently FUBU is a "black brand"? idk. A bunch of people gave me shit for them at school, but it was actually mostly white people who did, so I ignored them.
0	oh my god, youre me. Im you. We are each other. The worst part is... I tried to take her to prom. I went all out and not in a cheesey limo way. Rather, I planned an entire day leading up to the prom night. We were always making up games for one another and, at the time, she had a particular predilection for a certain candy that I really liked and always stole from her. Since I knew the combination to her locker, I began my planting a note card with a series of objections in a scavenger hunt style which ultimately lead to a box of those candies and a necklace I had made (not bragging, but really the only thing I was good at in high school was art). She had a lot of fun and she wore it when I picked up her from her house.   Our friends and I had also planned to have a group dinner before prom and then all go together in a friend's band van that was retro fit with benches, chandelier and other such classy decorum. I had made sure to personally cook her favorite meal (with enough for everyone, cuz that was the deal). She bought a pint of my favorite ice cream for us - so that cool... even though I'd do anything for her blueberry pie and she knew that(make the jokes. do it).   after dinner, we ride to the prom and she disappears. I spend the evening dancing here and there, mostly just hanging out with my group of friends and socializing with everyone else. Mean while she cant be bothered to spend a minute with me - not even a dance. I didn't even end up taking her home, she left with someone else.  Well it turns out that she had drank with someone and was too embarrassed to tell me and avoided me. sure. ok. cool. (found out YEARS later, she just blew the dude and then he couldn't get it up later that night) I stopped trying as hard after that... which was great for me. She then tried harder to get me to chase after her, which always worked because frankly she was my best and I was deeply infatuated with her.  The thing is, I knew her since the 5th grade and we were immediately inseparable. We'd been thru a lot and it wasn't until 10th grade that we both realized we had feelings for one another, by that time we were both dating other people. 11th grade, we were both single and then the next two years were just fucked up cat and mouse games. I was the mouse.   Eventually I just stopped talking to her. Broke off all contact.  That is... until we reconnected after she had a heart to hear with me and so I had visited her in undergrad (she was a few hours away at a different university). After her drunkenly making out with several guys and taking one back to her dorm (where i was staying and where my stuff was)... i figure, "sure, ok. she'll finish up and i'll have still have a place to crash".   NOPE. cold night, right around 40's with wind making it feel even worse...and I dont know ANYONE ELSE in the entire small town, its 3am and the bars are closed. It's a small college town and I couldn't find any 24 hour places within walking distance, the house parties were already waking and kicking out people (and its not great from some random drunk/high dude to amble up to a random house and try to pass out in it.)   Eventually, after hanging out by her dorm's door, I snagged the door as someone left. i knocked on her door and asked for my car keys. She didnt answer. I knocked a little louder. she opened the door, covered in a blanket.       "hey sorry! can i get my keys, i can pass out in my car"  "what the fuck is your poblem!?" she slams the door. then the dude she brought back opens it and starts to curse me out as I see her crying in the background. I get pissed and flip out on the guy. Im not a big person (5'10 and 140lbs probably less back then), im not a threatening person... but my family is a family of loud aggressive yellers and i know how to clearly assert my goal. The guy apparently immediately understood that i dont give a fuck who is, unless he raped her... which i doubt since she's apparently known as a giant slut now and that all i want is my backpack and car keys.   A few months after that, she drunkenly confessed her love to me. I couldn't reply. I just walked away. some weeks after that, she had asked that i give her back a guitar amp that she sold me (which she got for free) so her brother could use it... because, "youre not very good at guitar anyway and he needs its for his band".  Last i heard, she had dropped out and was working at a chain of crappy bakery/bistros as a cookie/cake decorator (thaw the frozen cookies/cakes that come in and apply icing).   I've found out that she had successfully sabotages atleast 4 relationships with girls I had dated since senior year of high school. Scumbag stacey had used fake myspaces and facebooks, random voicemails from throwaway phones and rumors upon rumors. Hell, she took middle school love notes I wrote her (when I first had a crush on her - in the 6th grade) and tried to pass them off as very recent mail correspondence). She had also very nearly ended some friendships with my guy friends and did end up getting me fired from two jobs. A few of my close guy friends have also been hurt... like nearly committed suicide hurt ... because of her sociopathic manipulation of people.   Turns out I met my future wife through her and we've been happily married for 8 years. so thank you scumbag stacey, for scaring off the other 4 or 5 girls i had dated and to introducing me to my wife and best friend.
1	I don't know if anybody will see this, but I'm just going to rebutt your points as I read your argument.   >Riot is being cheap with resource allocation, and has a general lack of employees in many areas. As a company they have grown larger than their employee base and are not hiring accordingly.   How do you know how many employees they have per division? How do you know how they are allocating their employee resources? Finding employees who meet Riot's caliber is not a quick and easy process, and putting too many employees in one division can hamper work if there's not the correct project space to handle them (think several really small projects that are all inter-related, where a smaller team is better to handle them all; or a rather big project that is complex and involved, it's difficult to have many people working on it at once.)   > League has a lot of problems that are on the back burner or not a priority. Whether or not they are being worked on they are not coming out fast enough, this is not a complaint so much as an observation. The client is a good example of something that could fairly easily be revamped or improved with a bit of dedicated resource allocation (hire people to do it)   I'm not 100% sure but I believe I read somewhere that Riot mentioned they are not seeking a new client separate from Adobe Air. They don't believe adobe air causes the troubles that people are having, so they are trying to improve their already existing client. Also, building a client probably isn't as easy as you're making it out to be, and even if they were looking to change it, they probably already are looking for people to do it or have a team already on it. This is likely to be one of the top priorities for the company given the complaints.   >Riot is stingy with applying in game currency (IP) towards solving community problems/complains. No I don't want a free IP weekend for "insert problem here", I don't really want any IP (I don't need it) but it could easily be applied to improving community behavior.   I don't agree with this. If a player is being toxic, giving them free IP or IP boosts isn't going to make them behave any better. IP and toxic behavior intuitively don't have any correlation.   >Riots customer support is slow and swamped, it needs more focus.   I don't think you can throw a blanket statement like this over all of Riot support. I've received help from Riot support within 3 hours before, so it's not true for all departments of support.   >Tribunal should be something that players want to do every day because of a large IP gift for doing so.   I've been to a talk that Riot Lyte gave on this, and given their data, rewarding IP for using the tribunal ended up with less accurate punishments than having no rewards linked to the game. IIRC, when IP rewards were stopped, the tribunal lost a lot of participants, but the number of cases per person went up (due to people only participating for IP only doing a small number of cases), and the accuracy rating went up as well. There are slides and youtube videos of his talk which explains their decision to move to a rewardless structure.   >The honour system is similarly half assed and abandoned.   Riot is aware the honor system isn't being used very much any more, and are trying to find ways to improve it. Riot Lyte has done wonders for player behavior and is still striving to improve it.
0	Seeing this is making me livid. My ex girlfriend of two years did this with all her boyfriends. Bitch lied to me when we broke up too, saying no one else was involved. 4 months later, she emails me this sappy shit saying how she was glad we met and wanted to be friends and all his stuff. Decide to check her Facebook out.   She got in a new relationship THE MOTHER FUCKING DAY SHE DUMPED ME. Fucking cunt. I had never been filled with such rage. I told her that morally, I could not communicate with a human being who was a pathological liar (white lies the entire relationship, had some big lies too. Would lie about what she was doing) ad someone who treats me with no respect as a human. I promptly told her to fuck off, never contact me again, and then blocked her.   My life is so much better now. Fuck the girl you know from work. If you know her boyfriend, tell him. He'll thank you down the road for the info.
1	Valid Points. Basically highlights Twitch's weaknesses and sums up to more of them being in the lateame. Agree to that but still it's worth mentioning that he doesn't fall of hard. Twitch still has a very good lategame.
1	If you're a fed Riven, you can 1v2 them as long as the jungler's not more fed than you (and isn't Hecarim). Target whichever deals more damage first - Riven's best defense is a good offense.   In a normal situation where you don't have a massive lead, just play safe while he's there and then be a little aggressive once you see him leaving (so he's pressured to stick around). As a top laner, you don't have the roaming power of mid or the dragon pressure of bot, so you have to create map pressure by forcing the enemy jungler to come top. Top is the worst lane for junglers to gank because it's far away from everything else and going there frees both other lanes from jungle pressure, so you want him up there as much as possible. When I play Singed, I hope to get camped because I can survive ganks when I have ult and the only way to kill me is for mid to come too, which frees up my team to 4 man gank bot and take dragon. Even if I die to the 3 man gank, I try to take someone with me, and if my team gets a double kill and a dragon it's absolutely worth it.
1	Splitting prize money is circumstantial evidence when you consider what they must do to be DQed. From MLG's official statement; “competitors may not intentionally Forfeit a Game or conspire to manipulate Rankings or Brackets." Splitting prize money does not affect rankings or brackets. Now, if either team didn't play with 100% intention to win, then yes, the split is additional evidence, to the conclusion that the teams were colluding and should be DQed.
0	Allow me to respond with a daily random sampling of the top ten posts from /r/atheism:     [What the actual fuck...?]( A religious person being dumb. I don't see why it's an asshole move to call this out as a WTF.   [A joke my dad told me today]( -- kind of a stretch to call this mocking religion, could be told by a religious person, not being an asshole.   [Fuck off, Jesus]( Possibly an asshole. I have to imagine I'd find this funny even as a believer, though.   [God doesn't exist]( -- a depressing comic. Don't see how this is being an asshole to anyone other than himself.   [I thought this debate was done already]( -- nope, if anything, the flat-earthers are being assholes to themselves. Or trolling everyone else, hard to tell.   [Stephen Fry on Proof]( -- more a skeptic thing than anything else. Both of them laughed, so, nope, not an asshole.   [Good Guy William Tyndale]( -- Huh, TIL. Again, I have to imagine religious people would agree.   [So, my friend went to a rally]( -- yep, ok, I can see that as an asshole -- though still hilarious.   [Atheists united at the aids walk]( -- OP, as a mild-mannered atheist, should approve of this one!   [My friend is a genius (why Megatron is superior to God)]( -- asshole, and still funny.     So this time, I count 3, 8, and 10 as assholes. 3 out of the top 10, and two of them were way down. I suppose it's subjective, but I'd argue I'm being generous here, and it's actually none -- 3, 8, and 10 are all  funny.  Genuinely funny, or at worst lame. Not mean-spirited.   For a fair comparison, how about /r/AdviceAnimals lately?     This post. Borderline, I'll let it slide.   [Undercover Sheep](   [Every time I go to the doctor]( -- implies nursing staff are liars. Asshole.   This feature needs to go  to whoever the girl was.   [As a shy guy, this annoys me]( -- borderline, I'll let it slide. I don't think "why the fuck" is enough to make it an asshole.   [Good Guy Joe Kittinger]( -- not an asshole.   [10 Goat]( -- asshole to /r/trees, or possibly to an individual high person who said this.   [Brave Felix]( -- not actually an asshole, though a bit irritating as I vaguely remember this being an image from a different jump.   [Sheltering Suburban Mom]( -- not wrong, just an asshole.   [I can't be the only one thinking this...]( -- not an asshole.     So I'm counting 3, 4, 7, and 9 as asshole posts. What's more, the clearest "Yep, that's an asshole" are at 3 and 4, assuming I'm not counting this post at 1.
1	I've had this idea before, and I've seen videos of things like 'smitecrank' in bot where you can smite a minion thats blocking your hook. This was particularly useful for taking 1:40 golems and such. If you take the smite upgrade and summoner cooldown masteries this spell will make you 10g every 54 seconds (1.85 gp10) plus anything you kill with the smite. You can use smite to pick up any minions that the ADC will miss i.e. ones which are about to be killed by a turret but too much hp for an aa or when there are 2 last hits but the adc has to pick one or when the ADC trades. Taking smite can make skipping philo more viable for early strength or a faster sight stone. It's completely viable however having exhaust on supports such as leona who will be jumping on people is probably more beneficial to your team.
1	Karma...   Okay, here's is my official opinion of Karma:   She is a support mage that needs a solo lane. Does that sound like it makes no sense? Well, you're wrong. Zilean is a support that lanes, as well as Morgana, and I don't need to tell you those are strong choices.   Karma excels at helping your melee carries and assassins do their dirty work, and rape the living shit out of the enemy team. You can speed them up, shield them (maybe softening the enemy team up), then healing everyone after the initial burst happens.   CDR is almost more important on Karma than AP, simply because CDR gives you mantra charges at a timely rate, and lets you spam all of your shit more, and generally do a lot more. If you don't get 40% CDR, you are doing it wrong.   Currently, she is not a strong choice for solo queue, simply because she requires a team who knows how to utilize Karma's strengths for the betterment of the team. And, since she really can't be played in solo queue, that's why I feel she isn't played in tournaments either. I personally believe she is plenty strong, just any kind of buff given to her (a third mantra charge, for example), would destroy the entire idea behind Karma.
0	Dogs, like people, are surprisingly versatile. Furthermore, their life is given purpose  and  the find happiness in being with their master.   Even just with a basic understanding of canine behavior and emotional patterns, it's obvious that a dog with a homeless man would probably love it's life far more than a dog who lives in a home in which his master leaves for work/fun/errands.   As for shit food? Dogs are predatory scavengers, not legit hunting carnivores. A dog could live to an average lifespan with average health literally eating partially rotted food (garbage), small animals, and feces.
0	I'm so sick and tired of you pretentious little people. Lets get a few things in order here. For starters, who are you to say what vehicle other people should drive and by what standards they should drive that vehicle? Anybody can drive like an aggressive asshole regardless of which vehicle they choose to endanger everybody else in. I see mini-vans, SUVs, coupes, sedans, pick-ups, and vans all driving aggressively. It doesn't matter which vehicle they're in.   You don't get to decide why somebody buys their vehicle. If they want a vehicle specifically because it looks cool, then why not? Don't you want something that looks nice to you? Whether you need to haul a large amount of things, or just need something to get yourself from point A to point B as cheaply as possible, it doesn't matter your reason it's your vehicle and you can get whatever the heck you want without people judging you.   I personally think Mini-vans are ugly as hell and I would never buy one, but they're extremly convenient and you can fit a ton of kids in them. Not to mention the rear area is accessible through a sliding door which is great because your kids or yourself won't accidentally open it into another car parked next to you. This can happen easily on a windy day when your door acts as a kite. The point is you drive what you want and/or need and don't give a shit up what I think of you or anybody else on the road thinks because  it doesn't matter .   I drive a pick-up truck, work it IT, and live in SoCal. My F150 gets like 15 MPG but you know what? It's extremely convenient. I replied to another person in this thread about all the great things I can do with it. The beauty of a pickup is they can take anything anywhere. There are other vehicles that have a lot of storage capacity but nothing short of a moving van will beat a pickup in pure cargo bay size.   I can throw all my camping gear into the bed of my truck easily and it's so much easier to access it from a bed. I can also drive off the beaten path to find the nicest camping spot. I can even throw a BBQ grill in there as well. If I want to move to a new house or buy new furniture I can do so with ease. I was able to fit almost 2000 pounds of dry-wall in my truck to remodel this house. I fill the bed of my truck up with wood throughout the week and have weekend bonfires which I've been oranizing every Saturday night for the past 6 months.
0	My grandparents have a German foreign exchange student and he tells me in Germany if they come home with a girl their parents just say don't get her pregnant and be awake for breakfast.
1	Actually, you don't need to change the option, you just need to press Esc twice to quickly open and close the options menu, since the setting is still saved properly in the game.cfg file, it's just assumed to be automatically on when the game starts for some reason. Opening the options menu syncs settings with the game.cfg file, so it should turn the minimap movement off by just opening the menu (at least it worked for me).
0	Well, I never actually showed those pictures or told that story to friends. 3 months later I found out she was addicted to cocaine, got raped by her dealer, crashed her first car she got for free 1 week before she broke up with me (we drove it from florida to colorado, and I paid for the gas) and had received a dui, and her family kicked her out. She got what was coming to her. I gained weight because I was on a computer for 2 months desperately looking for a job after college to support us (which I got the day she broke up with me, she broke up with me during our celebration dinner), and druing that two months she was at orlando ballet doing a fuck ton of cocaine (No wonder she got skinny as hell). The difference two months of cocaine use makes in a person is scary.
0	Let me clarify. If the reason for a persons obesity were avoidable (i.e., not a medical condition as determined by DSHS), it wouldn't be right for them, specifically, to be able to collect disability pay. This would put more strain on the systems ability to help people with non self inflicted disabilities.
0	I'm sorry bud, but trust me on this one. I think I know myself better than you do. Even if I was in denial: I'd be attracted to men. I'm not.   I'm just a bit of an exhibitionist.   Not to mention, sexuality MEANS ones orientation/preference. (Synonyms)   Orientation is also no black and white. Just (arguably) easier to label. They're effectively the same thing   Not to mention labels are a personal thing. Two people may both identify as kinsey 2. One my see themselves as straight, and one may see themselves as bi. Guess what!? They're both right!   A man may enjoy being pegged by his girlfriend. He;s not in denial, he just likes his prostate played with.
1	Allow me to bring some statistics into this.   Yasuo is picked at ~20%, he wins ~40%. Let's use these figures indicatively.   In a game, the chance that Yasuo is picked, assuming you don't pick him:     on your team: 0.2 * 4/9 = 8.8%     on enemy team: 0.2 * 5/9 = 11.2%       Assuming the 40% win rate of Yasuo is the only factor that matters:     causes you to win: 0.088   0.4 + 0.112   0.6 = 10.24%     causes you to lose: 0.088   0.6 + 0.112   0.4 = 9.76%       Then, in 100 ranked games, the impact Yasuo has on your win rate is 10.24-9.76 = 0.5 games.  In the meanwhile, you will experience ~5 unpleasant losses with Yasuo on your side.   Even if we assume Yasuo always throws hard and always causes a loss, it would only give you 2.4 extra wins per 100 ranked games, but you will experience ~9 unpleasant losses for your trouble.   Yes, it works out to be an overall numerical advantage for you, but for the frustration it causes you and everyone else in these games are hardly worth the tiny amounts of "free" wins. I see this numeric argument get thrown around a lot with regards to AFKers or ragers too. But, when you look at it, this numeric argument when considered in vacuum is rather insignificant.   Now, consider casual players who rarely play more than 1 or 2 games per day. When you want to just relax with a game when you come home from school/work, then have someone pick Yasuo on your or the opposing team, this kind of experience turns people off playing the game. I would rate having a better experience much more importantly than 1 statistical "free" win per 100 games.
1	That change would be really bad and not because I don't like it but because i know how Leona works. These changes would make her undoubtly op because you're giving a cc-beast even more cc she can play with. I mean think about it the extra ccs you're giving her in your suggestion are Knockbacks. Knockbacks are hardccs which are even worse than stuns because unlike stuns you aren't able to cleanse them while you're knocked back. Teamfights are already won with this kit, too because Leonas engages would be ult, which pulls the enemies in and stuns them after that, activate her Eclipse, use her Zenith Blade, which results in another knockback on the ones pulled by Solar Flare, and her Shield of Daybreak, which is able to stun their whole team, and at the end Eclipse explodes and the enemies are being knocked again. For me this teamfight would be unwinable unless the whole enemy team is cc-immune.   I haven't thought about the passive because I think there is simply no need for it.   About why you think Leonas kit needs theese op changes I can't think of any other counter against Leona except Thresh and Janna because i think they are the only ones who can disrupt her gapclosing part of her Zenith Blade.   Hmm sry for the wall of text.   Ehm
1	I main mid lane and I play Diana, but I've seen top lane bruiser Diana and Jungle Diana. You shouldnt be asking for her kit to be inclined towards 1 aspect of her, people play her in different roles because of her kit being to confusing as to what she really is. But I would hate to have Diana mid taken away, I would completely lose my main champion just because people think she was meant to be a jungler.   I agree her lanning phase sucks and she needs some good buffs/changes, but these changes should make her playable in all the roles shes played in, pretty much like Riven would (I play mid Riven) but there's jungle Riven as seen in the Korean meta and there's the original Top lane Riven.   Here's some ideas (Ofc I will be inclined with Asssassin Diana, I play Mid lane) What if her R didn't consume the other Q marks she landed? that would make her skillcap as well as her mobility in teamfights better. Also I agree with swapping E with R, what if her new E became a targeted dash to enemies, but can also be used as a non-skillshot dash when used to escape, but if you did that it would go on cooldown.   What if her new R (Which is now her E) gave her resistances accordingly to how many champs she pulled in? What if it also did damage? That would make her bursty and a pretty good assassin in her own criteria as a melee AP assassin with high mobility and teamfighting pressence, not just assassinations.   I agree her sustain issues have to be revisited as well, her Q needs to be stronger too since its her farming tool most of the time, she will get denied a lot in lane.   I dont hate other people who play Diana in other roles, but to me really shes an AP assassin and should be played Mid, thats what makes her appealing to me and I would hate seeing her being 0% viable in mid, shes already not viable as a champion. Hence why you will never see her in competitive play.
0	Not sure if username...or serious   As someone who literally gave zero fucks from the beginning of the snowden debacle I feel obliged to say that the spying isn't new. Why people think it is, is mystifying. This kind of event happens every so often between presidents(bush and wire tapping for example).   The only reason this story has so much traction is because one of our spies leaked information out. Seriously he had one job and all he had to do was not talk.
1	you shouldn't ban guy for life cause he said fuck you few times.   Your bias is so fucking ridiculous. You are completely misrepresenting the case. He did not just say fuck you a few times, he ruined thousands of games for people and got permabanned several times. If he wasn't someone skilled enough to become a professional player, you wouldn't give two shits about him.   Also, stop comparing real sports to E-sports. They are very different and trying to use an example like that makes you look like an even bigger ass.   In real sports, if they decide to ban someone, imagine the paperwork that they will have to go through to ban someone like Suarez? His lawyer, the club and the club's lawyer would be protesting against his ban, and the club is able to actually affect the league by refusing to play any games.   More over, Suarez could easily leave the EPL and head over to La Liga, which is run by a different football association and therefore may choose not to uphold his ban.   In E-Sports, Riot controls everything, because in the terms and conditions it is already stated that Riot has the right to ban anyone, and there is substantial proof that he broke several of the terms in the T&C. Riot is able to prevent this guy from playing completely, whereas in real sports any player could easily move to another country and play there.   Incarnati0n is also unable to do anything to adversely affect Riot, apart from writing some sob story on reddit about how unfair his life is.
1	This is just a minor thing. The point is pros/celebrities are always expected much more than the average person. Froggen represents League of Legends by being one of the top players in the world, and he should act like it too. If I were a random person who didn't play League of Legends and I would see a guy who is a professional League gamer who makes a lot of money and plays all over the world talk shit like Froggen did, I would think League of Legends is just a game for kids who like to flame and be arrogant, somewhat like Call of Duty.   It's not about "treating Froggen like a human". It's about Froggen respecting his "pro status" and acting accordingly. THIS is the one and ONLY reason video games are still considered childish or a waste of time by many people - because people like Froggen (and pretty much 90% of pro players) make it seem like it really is a bunch of little kids with their nose held high telling everyone else that they suck.   eSports will never ever be as big/mainstream as other forms of media/sports until people like Froggen are started to be considered unfitting for professional play, since they are not professional whatsoever. This is also the reason why I don't root for any American or European teams - because they're mostly a bunch of kids who happen to be really good at the game (I'm talking about their attitude, not their age. I'm only 20). Just my 2 cents. (and please don't downvote me just because I said I don't like TSM)
1	I've never played StarFox so I have no idea what his  down+B  does but if you mean a version of Unbreakable that reflects the projectile being blocked then I think it would either be useless or OP depending on the mechanics:  If it changes the projectile to somehow not make it damage teammates after being reflected then it's literally just a Windwall/Unbreakable which moves enemies a slight bit.  If the reflected projectile does damage to enemies then it would be extremely OP and have little to no counterplay, it would be stupid, example; Caitlyn goes for a trade on the enemy Ashe, Ashe gets this shield thing, Ashe can then retaliate with her W and AAs and Caitlyn's Q, AA and E bounce back damaging her and so would any minion agro. How would that ability be fair in any way what so ever? At least with Yasuo and Braum your projectile is just destroyed, you don't get punished for trying to trade.
1	I've been playing League for about 3 years now.   I started to play the game because most of my friends were playing this while I was playing HoN, I came over thinking League was the lesser game. which is somewhat true, if you just take the mechanics at heart, but I digress.   Ended season 1 just about Bronze and was disgusted with myself as I thought I would fare much better coming off a similar game with a 2000elo, yes it's a totally different game, but I thought my skillset of HoN would translate easily into League... which didn't at all. I tried to play Super carry every single time as of how I was winning my HoN games most of the time.   Problem is... there is no real Hyper carry in LoL and is much more team oriented than HoN will ever be. Took me awhile to adjust myself, playing with trolls and being unable to carry because of it made me rage quite a bit, but I persevered and ended Season 2 in Gold with a highest rating of 1700 before the rating collapse just before the end of the season.   Now season 3 is abound and took me forever to get out of silver 1 (I was placed there for some reason at the beginning of the season although my rating was much higher). I think I failed my promotion like 5 times. But I persevered again, I'm currently Gold 5 promotion to 4 and looking to get to Plat this season.   I've played a shit tons of games, face palmed more than what not, but I've found out that attitude is everything. I'm a stubborn guy and I cannot tell you how many times I went on a losing streak of like 15 games only because I wanted to get back the elo I had lost from two back to back losses. Now I just stop playing after losing two or three games depending on how I play. I mean you can tell if you're just playing badly or not, because if I don't I will lose continuously and I bet you do too.   Another thing that people don't seem to do enough is work with your team, as I stated above, coming from HoN I was used to just pick an Hypercarry and roll faces, but this cannot be done in League of Legends or at least, not by yourself. I never wanted to support, because when was the last time you heard of a support carrying? Well due to being the better man, I found myself supporting quite a bit in late season two and early season three and I will dare to say that I've become quite good at it. I've found out that while I'm a beast hyper carry in MOBA that let's me, I am a much better support / enabler in League of Legends, my main roles are junglers and support and what I do is enable my team mates to carry as I hope them being ahead can make up for future errors that they'll do.   Be the one that makes the calls. in solo queue nobody calls shit, be that guy, be the team captain. I can guarantee you that it works more often than not, your team will listen accordingly (because most of them are just looking for direction, so why not be the one taking charge?), use pings to your advantage, communicate with your team, don't let anything to chance. Also, try to calm people down, stay positive, most of the time, debbie downers will not be able to go against your positive energy if you keep saying keep it up / it's fine / we're still into this / focus. If they do though, just don't reply to their remarks, I can't stress this enough (especially on NA)  DO NOT FALL TO THEIR LEVELS ,  do not play their games .   Because the rabbit hole goes down as far as the rabbit wants.   So yeah, I'll be honest, it's been a bitch to get out of Silver 1 even if I ranked much higher in season 2, but now everything is Gold again and I'm making my way up to Plat. You just have to realize that even if you do everything right and still lose, Solo Queue should not be about Elo, it's really about improving yourself as a player fixing the errors you do in a game, take advantage of the successes you had and bring that attitude forward to your following game. I wasn't good enough to carry myself out of Silver 1, failed my promotion so many times, but I knew I could do it. Analyzed my games and noticed my failures, fixed the errors and finally did it.   wall of text; shame on me
1	while that might be true, you cant tell me that patch-after-release-patch lee sin was balanced. you cant tell me that tf was balanced, you cant tell me alistar was balanced, you cant tell me garen was balanced (he went from SUPER op to overnerfed back to op, back to underpowered and we will see how he is now. he has been changed a lot) lord knows irelia took 9001 patches to balance. morde was extremely broken for a LONG time, pantheon went through a garenesque super op, to up to op to a now pretty decent spot. tell me the nerfed kayle was usable? how about gangplank after dreamhack being fair?   point is the game was not balanced in both ways. the seperation is now WAY better, and i personally feel like only new eve is truly not viable (she doesnt scale well enough. she has the same problem old xin had, and YES i have had like 20-1-5 games with her, that is not relevant and is topic for another discussion) the reason is because the super strong champs got brought down and the super weak champs got brought up. yes people got smarter, but if you go back and just look at what some of these champs used to do, it just reminds you of how stupid they used to be. alistar could tank your entire team for 6 seconds without any chance of even coming close to death at just level 6 (not to mention freewinstar in the midlane). shaco could get level 3 with both buffs by 2:10 (fuck shaco). certain things though are people just changing. ashe went from being #1 to not really played much just because of a nerf to a cd? no, people learned that ashe loses early and that even late game, she has very prevalent weaknesses that people can exploit.
1	I really dislike the behaviour of the mods in this subreddit. It's like they're the government and the subreddit is their country to rule.   And just like that, noone likes the government. They decide on their own what's good or what's bad.   Why don't you let the reddit vote system decide?
1	You should never build the same way everygame , you need to adapt to each circumstance... With high scaling/sieging champions you should always go BloodThirster since it will allow you to deal more dps on towers and such , but after Bloodthirster there's a choices you got to make like , should I go Phantom Dancer or Last Whisper and ask yourself with which item am I going to help the team the most. Im not sure if I was clear enough but...
0	I disagree: I love talking to my religious friends in a sensible manner. I converted my Islamic roommate to aetheism, he then reconverted to a more fundamentalist variant and really challenged my perceptions of the world.
0	No one should be told that their body type makes them any less real than that of the next person. Everyone should be recognized as a human being worthy of just plain existing.   With that being said, I know that I myself have felt invisible whenever I look at pictures of women online, pictures of women in magazines, women on tv, looking at women in ads, and even when I'm walking around school. I feel invisible because my weight hides my value as a human being, apparently. I don't get to see people like me in the media without it being for a special reason.   I do not agree with anti-thin pages (hating anyone for their appearance is ridiculous), but I also do not see any issue with fat acceptance. Why? Because is it really that much that larger people ask to be accepted as humans? Maybe they could go online and see pictures of people like them without it getting a negative response, or not be hated just for their appearance... Yes, they can change the way they look, but it's not instant. That obese person you just saw walking by you may have already lost weight, but some people are still going to think of them as disgusting and lesser than human.
1	people make up persona's all the time.... sometimes it's a psychological thing other times it's because they feel their normal persona doesn't qualify them for what they're doing so they create a persona that does.  Athene hasn't harmed anyone... he may be verbally toxic but in nature he's a good person (you cant stream for charity for so long without being a good person) he's also an actor, he created that persona so people like you could hate on him and he could tell himself that it's "Athene" they're hating on not him...
1	Well, first of all i got to say thanks a lot for doing this!   I looked at the pics and i can say that, overall, i like it a lot (even more if it behaves better than the official one as you said!). But there's something that is disturbing me: the position of some sections of the layout. What i mean with this (english not my native language, sry!) is: Why not let the player profile "banner" (that section that says "Nikasaur, level 30, IP RP amounts") on the right side and the "menu buttons" (store, profile, settings...etc) on the left side? Like in Riot's official client, which we are all used to. Same goes for the bottom part with the chat boxes and chat options icons. I know you probably want it to look different from the Riot one but imo changing positions of some things won't make any "visual" difference and will make people used to Riot's client have a harder time getting used to it. Just my opinion, thanks for reading and i love what you guys are doing for all of us!
1	I do agree that jungle timers are very tedious and aren't very hard to keep a track of, but it is a skill, and its a skill that's being taken away, making it harder for junglers to carry.   People say it'll lead to more fights over objectives since teams will know when buffs spawn, but I don't see any reason why this would be good for anyone who isn't a bad jungler. If the other jungler doesn't know how to time buffs, right now, you can basically get control of the jungle for free since their jungler doesn't alert his team of important objectives, with timers, him and his team will always be aware of these objectives so its harder for a good jungler to maintain their control.   An extreme example would be, if minions always gave gold when they die near you, it takes some skill out of the game, but makes it more interesting not having farmfests.
0	generally speaking if a teacher is dealing with children who are that severely handicapped they are specially trained this generally includes at minimum basic first aid but often the training goes further. Generally these aren't normal teachers in classrooms with these types of students (that only happens at severely underfunded districts which brings a whole new set of problems) these are teachers who've chosen to go into this niche field of special education....   To me the revision sounds like we need nurses looking after these not teachers... but when you consider specialized training these teachers get and that generally this is their chosen field you start to get into a game of semantics. If someone can perform the basic functions of a nurse and teacher (bear in mind teaching in these cases usually has more to do with helping develop coping mechanisms and learning how to communicate on any basic level) what does it matter if I call them a teacher? I don't think you sound cold-hearted, I just think you haven't really thought the issue through... unless you're voting to just kill or neglect handicapped people which in that case you can go fuck yourself, but I don't think that's the argument you're making.   My point about all the other issues is not that this is the place to discuss them, but that they all should be dealt with before the issue brought up can be thoroughly examined. So what makes a productive member of society? someone who works at a factory? is productivity in society based on a paycheck? what is productivity in society based on? if we are going to determine that then we should consider the function of society. what is the function of society? is it to consume? to produce goods? help people?   My point being how can you measure any individual as a "productive member of society" without understanding what productivity in society is and you can't begin to understand the answer to that question without understanding what the function of society is.   All of this and we haven't touched on measuring the value of a person which is at the root what this post is about...
0	Ah!  But I am!  I've done my stint in the managerial role at my hospital and I have seen how decisions are made.  My hospital is a bit antiquated and uses a more physician-oriented model so decisions are not always made in the best interest of patient care.  Even more so in the present as health care spending e in Canada has gone through the roof.  So they are now pushing for more "efficient" health care - which means, less staff working harder.  Back to the actual story - I have a pretty good understanding of the decisions that are behind the proposed treatment for this child (experimental chemo and radiation which is $$$$$) as well as the other costs such as the length of stay in hospital(probably in a critical care wing) as well as all the diagnostics that will probably have to be done (CT scans, blood tests).  I don't deal with exact costs in Canada - but I believe their numbers.  Just trying to stick up for my profession.
1	I feel like Dyrus's item build cost TSM this game:     He always had advantage over Jax, he should have tried to finish Hydra to win every trade.     Sunfire cap is such a weak item, it does nothing in term of pushing since with tiamat, rekneton can oneshot the creep wave anyway.     He should have tried to finish the randuin instead of sunfire, the attack speed slow from randuin will let him win trades against jax, and he can even kill jax with the active if jax is not careful.
0	It doesn't necessarily racist. The key is to not make excuses for the assholes in your race, and not be overly hard on the assholes in other races.   In other words, every race has assholes. As long as you react to all assholes the same way regardless of race, you can hardly be considered racist.
1	I did, maybe you should look up what
1	Honestly, I have to explain this to my friend almost every day. Sometimes you have to stop and realize you are stuck in the bracket you belong. I'm not saying that you can't get better and move up.   But asking what your doing wrong and assuming that like any other ladder system you will just eventually end up on top is silly. the ELO system, and or LP system is designed to plateue players at their 'perfect' skill tier.
0	Skills taught to scientists are very useful in real life situations.  Yes, they need to know to think logically and critically.  To trust their own observations but also to make sure their observations are correct.  To be okay with their initial notion of how things work just failing the real-world test, and using that information to make the next move.  They should also be able to communicate their findings orally, in writing, in diagrams.  They should be comfortable with criticism and have an ability to rebut any criticism that is illogical.  These sound like big things, but kids start small and then build on their knowledge.  This doesn't spring out of nowhere overnight around the time they're getting their pubes.  They have to learn it, and the sooner they're introduced, engaged, and are excited about it, the easier it is to teach them.  Like with reading.  Start them young and you have increased their chances of being thoughtful, in-depth readers.
1	I don't think they do proc lich bane.   as far as the other question, that depends on whether plant damage benefits from your Mpen. If no, then abbysal scepter is going to be a superior option because it will be the only thing you can do to give plants effective mpen.   if they DO benefit from your mpen, then void staff is still only going to be superior when the enemy team is rocking high magic resist. The magic number for void staff here is going to be 58 magic resist, because that is the point where void staff starts penetrating MORE than abyssal.   But that isnt the number you should be looking for before you buy it.   Due to game mechanics magic penetration works in the following order     Flat magic reduction (Abyssal Sceptre, Morgana Puddle, Raka stars)     Percentage magic reduction (Trundle Ultimate for example)     Percentage magic penetration (Void Staff)     Flat magic penetration (Sorc boots, Liandry's, Runes)       With masteries, your %mpen comes out to about 40.2% (%Mpen stacks multiplicatively), and with runes, your flat mpen will be about 40.   So the number you want to see to reduce the enemy's Mres to zero is 67.   Of course, this is all dependent on how much ap your team has. Abyssal sceptre is nice because it reduces the mres for anyone who attacks the enemy team. The additional magic resist tacked on is nice as well.   That said, how much base damage are you giving up for this mpen?   You'd have 260 ap, that comes out to 213.9 damage per plant attack (also none of my calculations included liandrys burn or Sotel damage, so you'll be doing a bit more damage than that.)   But you'll be doing vastly more damage to low resistance targets, due to the nature of magic resist damage reduction. (Also liandrys will burn for more! yay!)   How much?   Assume we're at that magic point I mentioned earlier where you can cut their resistance to zero. at this point you are doing 213.9 true damage per hit, plus 4% of their max health as burn damage, plus 40 true damage from SotEL.   If you didnt have the mpen though, and went rabadons, you'd be up against 21.64 mres.   According to the wiki, the formula for damage reduction is   Damage multiplier = 100 / (100 + MR) if MR ≥ 0   so 100/121.64 = .82209   .82209 * 246.79 = 202.88   So about ten more damage against a squishy. but lets talk bruiser.   lets go with about 120 mres, as that seems to be a pretty common number on beefsticks and tanks.   With Void staff, you have reduced them to 31.76 mres. that comes to be 100/131.76 = 0.75896   213.9 * 0.75896 = 162.34 plant damage   versus   rabadons you'd reduce them to 70.4 Mres.   100/170.4 = 0.58685   246.79 * 0.58685 = 144.83 damage   Now that's effective. But again, Zhonyas can be worth it if you need the armor/active.
0	Yesterday, my Girlfriend was telling me how she was telling her mom about helping a friend of her out with his homework, and her mom asked "is he cute" and she said "why should it matter?" and she said "well, if he's cute, you should go out with him". "But mom, i'm with TheGameboy!" "well, he doesn't have to know." Her mother was suggesting she cheat on me. Leaves one to wonder why she's single (actually, not. she's mildly unpleasant)
0	I had this happen to me. Basically this girl I knew for a few weeks, we would go out to the bar together and get trashed and then go home together. We both went home for Spring break and when I get back I asked her if she wanted to go party and she responded with "No, I'm done with that. I only want to do things that give me pure happiness." The next day she asked me if "I wanted to delve into the word," yeah thats when I knew this girl went crazy.
0	Lot of men forget that the genitals of men and women do have great commonalities. You'll get some information on that, [here]( and basically on google if you search for it.   Based on the region your living in, there a kind of average size - [Map with length per country (metric)]( and some [more information for the curious](   Taking into account that male and female genitalia have commonalities, one could make the guess that the average size of the female genitalia also differs from per region and maybe is close to the average penis size in that region (I did not find clear information on that).   However I could find data mentioning that the average vaginal canal is between 3-4 inches and some even 5-7 inches. Also the vagina seems to be more stretchable than a penis is  expandable .   What I'm trying to say is that not every women does have the space for [Jonah Falcon]( exept maybe [Anna Swan]( So most women will most likely have more pleasure with an average sized penis. Some may desire more.   Others who also have an above average penis size will sure know and share the experience that not every women appreciate a penis which is above average. I was kind of turned down on few but still some occasions, because the girls where to scared and/or the act itself wasn't very practicable.   Also even with an clearly above average penis size you still often question yourself if it is really big enough. Others may know.
1	Thanks again for your support.   You don't have it, Jaraxo. And, judging from the rage this subreddit has been exuding, you don't have it from many people at all. I do not support you, and the rest of the mods, being obtuse pieces of shit who refuse to listen to the community that popularized this subreddit to begin with. I don't support you destroying the visibility of something I use for hours, every single day. And I will never support this bullshit mentality that you moderators seem to have that tells you that just because you worked hard on something, it's a masterpiece that everyone should be forced to enjoy.
1	I play on 180~ ping and it is playable but you will be quite disadvantaged. You can't really micro as well and you will have a 0.2 secs delay before you can react to anything such as flashing out of skill shots and so on. Also, you will miss some CS which you shouldn't had when you could had easily gotten it on low ping. There will be kills that should had been yours and surviving deaths which could had been prevented. It will take time to get used to especially aiming your skill shots.
1	You're an idiot. Shurelia and Randuin  quit  because it was becoming unfeasible for them to continue working at Riot due to travel distance. And how would Randuin have anything effect on game balance? He was part of the fucking Lore Team.   As for Shurelia, the game balance that everyone seems to hate on her for (gutting supports and the Kayle rework)  wasn't even her fault.  She passed the support reworks onto someone else, and the Kayle rework, even if poorly handled at first, was actually a good thing. Before the rework, Kayle was literally the most binary thing in the game. You either got fed and stomped, or fed horribly. The community was just butthurt that they lost another pub stomper, and decided to take it out on Shurelia.
1	This is in the FAQ of the Tribunal: >  Can I be banned for playing an unpopular champion?  > No, the Tribunal does not ban players for playing unpopular champions. You should feel empowered to play any champion you like, any way you like as long as you’re creating a positive experience for everyone in the game.   and >  Can I be banned for not playing the meta?  >  Players are not banned by the Tribunal for not playing the meta; they are banned for consistently creating negative experiences for others. > We have data suggesting that reviewers of Tribunal cases are very thoughtful and accurate in their verdicts, so if you were reported for not playing the meta but were being a positive player, you can expect to be judged fairly. > In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.   The key words in both of those statements is that a player has to create a bad experience for people  in the game . Unless you actually play a game with him and then determine for yourself that he creates a bad experience, he won't get banned. Even though there is a lot of outcry against him.   Someone posted a picture of him on Ryze playing with the same couple of players each time. If you yourself go to his lolking, you'll see that all his games on Shaco and Teemo (the games in question by OP) don't have those players in them.
1	In IPL there was this commercial with Chauster talking about how people are afraid of thinking outside the box, that they don't "challenge the meta" and only play the way that is "accepted". He mentioned bot lane as an example, that no one plays bruisers bot against AD + support even though bruisers win that lane. I very much agree with what he was saying, and I've been trying to point out these things myself many times to my friends and on the forum. Champions like Shyvana, Urgot, AD Kenne etc. where looked upon as weak, and were never played, until a team won a tournament with them. Now recently you can see Vayne as an example of this. Basically never played since nerf, Doublelift played her and now suddenly people think of her as viable and really good again. I wanted to hear your output on this mindset I guess you can call it; do you agree with me on that it exists and if you do, how do you think it affects the overall progress of gameplay in League? What things do you think could actually change, like champions, summoners, setups, lanes etc.? Because in games like HoN the meta is more flexible, there are a lot of different ways to arrange your lanes for instance, a thing that is very stagnant in LoL.
0	You sirs and madams have made my night. 29 and still sprint at the tiniest unidentifiable noise. I love you Reddit!  Edit : This has served me well ONCE. There was a dark figure standing close to my path of travel. Upon the "neck pricklies" and my dogs freaking out I heard movement. As I ran I unbolted my most trusted dog's gate. He tore past me and ran towards where I heard the noise. He chased the (person/large animal?) across the yard and stopped only as I heard fabric ripping. The next day there was a chunk of fabric in my barbed wire fence. Yes I lived outside of town. Yes I live in Texas (haha). Yes I had the sprinting habit both before and after this incident.
0	OP: If you're dying to see it, just go by yourself. I just moved to a new town and don't know anybody here yet, so I did the same yesterday. Went to a 3:00 show, and the theatre wasn't even half full. Cheaper tickets than a night show, less people, didn't have to wait in line, and I got to see an awesome movie. I've never been to a movie theatre by myself, but it was actually pretty sweet, and there were quite a few other people around my age who went by themselves too.
0	I think as a father, you can kind of tell when you first see your baby. I've always been sketch about supporting kids that aren't mine. The instant I saw both of my children; no question. My daughter was literally my mini me and my son looked like if my daughter was half her mom's kid. If that makes sense. Lol.
0	Can confirm, public trash cans are notorious for catching on fire. A butt tossed in to a refuse receptacle even with the tiniest of embers can cause a small open flame which spreads incredibly fast.   It happened to me unknowingly last year. I had finished a shift at a restaurant downtown and had a cigarette on my walk to the bus stop a few blocks down from work.  Once finished with it I tamped down the ember on the metal ring surrounding a trash can at the bus stop, and tossed the butt in, seemingly putting it out before it passed the event horizon of the trash can hole.  5 minutes later as I'm nonchalantly leaning against a building, reading a book, a firetruck comes roaring down the street. I wonder where it's headed, and before I can complete the thought they hopped the curb in front of me, half the truck on, half the truck off the curb. Then three flame wardens disembark and rush past me.  Up until this point I had had my back to the refuse container I had unknowingly primed. I turn around in time to see the wardens encircle a fire-nado looking situation; all of the contents of the container (a cylindrical 1.5' - 4' can, inside a ribbed cage, b/c specificity) had combusted and eaten all the oxygen within, the hungry torrent of flame reaching greedily almost 2' above the can.   With fire extinguishers in hand, and a three-point assault, the wardens dove right in and had the situation handled in 15 seconds. Turning their backs to the smoldering can they give a thumbs up to the truck driver as the stow their gear and pack up. As quickly as they arrived they vanished into the wind, leaving me to stare at the smoldering trash bin in wonderment for the next few minutes before my bus arrived.   Props to the fire team for pro-level response times though.
1	He doesn't fit into a lot of team compositions. You need your top/mid to be the tank/initiator and not a lot of tops/mids do that.   One of the problems that come to mind, is that if you want to clear anything and be sustained in the jungle, you need to max W. But if you want to gank (which is Fiddle's primary focus), you need to max q, but then you can't clear the jungle at all/don't have any damage.   Fiddlesticks  runes : MrP reds, Mana regen/lvl seals, magic resist/lvl glyphs (you can take anything here, FLAT CDR is highly recommended) and FLAT AP quintessences.   Your  masteries : 21/0/9 or 9/0/21, whichever one you prefer.   The usual Fiddlesticks build is starting with:     Amplifying Tome and 1x Health Pot   OR     Doran's Ring   You do your usual  route :   Wolves -> Blue -> Wraiths -> Wolves -> Red -> Wraiths -> Gank   You could go for a gank at any time, level 2 ganks are devastating if you take Q second, just look at the lane and see if you could get a kill.       Your usual  build :     1-3 Doran's Rings     Kage's Lucky Pick     Zhonya's Hourglass     Rabbadon's Deathcap       If the game has dragged on for a while, replace the doran's rings with a Void Staff.   THIS is one point I need to get across:  Fiddlesticks doesn't need to build tanky. He needs to get a Zhonya's AND Ability Power, without any AP late-gane, you're not going to do anything.  I've seen a lot of Fiddles build tanky: RoA, aegis, Rilay as their first items and that is  WRONG .   Gank often, get your ult down at the right time and win.
0	I cant tell what pisses me off more; the fact that she betrayed me and probably used me the majority of the time we were together or the fact that I fucking love this flat and now all I can do when I come home is be reminded of her."   Two years down the drain, but at least she is gone.  Regret is a great motivator for her at this point.  Life will be much more difficult unless she finds a new guy to take care of her.  It is easy to regret losing an easy life, and having to inconvenience her friends, and having much less disposable income.  This is a cold dunk of reality for her that her choices have consequences that can make her life much more difficult.  You are actually doing her a favor, by introducing her to the realm of consequence... It is not likely that she will stop being a cheater,  but in the future, she will think about what she is risking when she cheats on her man.  I have been devastated twice by women, and it took both experiences to show me that what is important, is liking myself, knowing myself, and knowing that when I choose something, it is because it is what is right for me.   You are in a time of adjustment where you will be looking for ways to fill the hole that she used to fill in your life.  It is critical that you focus on positive and constructive choices for yourself.  Get into martial arts, go to the gym, write a book, or something constructive with this time that you are getting over her.  You are doing a good job to get her completely out of your life.  After you have calmed down and are feeling better about your life, you might be able to expose yourself to her, but for now, you are doing the right thing by keeping her away from you.   I have watched a lot of debates between religious people and scientists, and one thing that I have consistently noticed, is that people can be very effective with rhetoric and manipulation when they don't want to acknowledge real world facts.  This is the same in relationships.  People can use the most incredible eloquence when they are motivated by a selfish, single minded desire to achieve something... but they rarely acknowledge how shitty their own actions are and how they were a complete betrayal of trust and a deal breaker in the relationship.   My question to her would be, "If you actually believed that we could work past this "hurdle" in our relationship, why didn't you let me know that you were going to do it, BEFORE you slept with someone else.  You did it the way that you did it because you knew that it was something that I couldn't forgive or forget, and you know what?  You were right.  Good bye!"  Anything beyond that and you could end up saying or doing something that you may regret, because you are dealing with the pain frustration and anger of a betrayal by the closest person in your life.   EDIT:
0	Don't worry. I spent a HUGE portion of my childhood obsessed with Disney princesses and just princesses in general. I've seen that documentary that shows all of the negative messages that some believe are promoted through Disney films, but what I remember about being a little girl in princess phase is this: I was my Daddy's princess. No one else's. I certainly had little girl crushes on some boys, but I never remember having a desire to get married to someone really strongly. At all. I just didn't give it that strong of a thought. When I did, it was because I wanted to imagine the pretty dress, or draw it out.   As for the Disney princesses themselves? I didn't pay attention to their exaggerated female figures, and grow up wanting to look just like them. They were cartoons. I think we all understand they're not real. I wanted to grow up to be the little mermaid because she sang real well and got to swim in the ocean all the time and talk to the sea creatures. I wanted to be Belle because she had that amazing library, and being a nerdy kid, I liked to read. (There was a time when I wanted to challenge myself to read every book ever before I died…before I understood the depth and insanity of that idea).   Honestly, when it came to most of the princes… they were just so bland and characterless that to me, that was just the side story. Snow White ends with her riding off on horseback with the guy who saved her, but what I paid attention to were the fun dancing scenes with the dwarves, and evil queen, and how every time she offers the apple I wanted to scream "Don't take it!"   I've taken multiple cultural anthropology classes that have brought up disney's secret plotting in our culture and I just don't buy it. I wore so much pink and lace and girly crap for a long period of time, and I still enjoy those movies, but Disney movies didn't mold who I am. They entertained me.   On the flip side, I did have a professor that brought up the use of villainous accents in Disney films, and mentioned that the villains almost always have British accents, and good guys have American accents. Eg. John Smith from Pocahontas was from England, but they gave him an American accent. Another example she used was the Lion King: Scar has a British accent his two speaking cronies speak with Black and Hispanic American accents. She said that the Spanish version she saw when she was on site in Costa Rica used Mexican and Cuban accents for the villains…or something similar. I took the class a while ago, I might still have that in my notes.
0	Bahahaha! So true. I was telling my husband the other day about several stories and articles I had read on reddit, and a little later when I went out into the living room as he was watching the news (CNN) he looked at me and said "....you literally told me about every single one of these stories" I just laughed and replied "ya pretty sure they just read reddit and report on that"
1	On the example of Maokai: Maokai is a fucking god right now, he has tons of cc, makes his tanky frontline even tankier and with fights lasting longer, he gets a ridiculous amount of HP out of his passive. And if that wasn't enough he also has %damage on his W so no matter what he builds he'll hurt like a bitch when he roots you.
0	I generally don't unless people want to talk about it with me. A majority of conversations I have about atheism are replying to religious people who approach me first about it or reply to me posting something like "watching cosmos with my fiance dreading going to work tomorrow." I was taught to keep religion & politics out of personal conversations from a very young age. I have friends who are deeply religious. They know I'm atheist, I know they're Christian - If they don't talk about it I won't talk about it.   I have a problem with family way more than friends: My grandmother used to randomly ask me if I was going to church, knowing that I'm an atheist. It's funny because for years she used to tell me my views were going to put me in hell. To this day she tells me I should go to church, but she dropped the whole hell thing thankfully. She did baptize my son without my permission though (so did my fiancee's grandmother to her child - crazy right?) and sends him children's bibles and christian books all the time. I put the Bibles she sends on my neighbor's doorstep. I'm hoping she never realizes it's me and just assumes some door-to-door Christians were handing them out, lol.   But where to go from there: I believe I get the same satisfaction out of Neil deGrasse Tyson's explanation of how we got here that someone else does in a day at church. The concept that the stars burn hot enough to create the elements which make up life is amazing to me. The belief that we're here by some stroke of luck makes me appreciate life more than religion could; not believing that humans are some supreme species does wonders for how I feel about animals and how I treat them. I love animals and life so much that our family has 3 cats, a rat, a tree frog, a ball python, 2 hamsters, and tarantula. I'd adopt more animals if I had the time and/or room.
1	So I was in a LoL game, in the middle of a teamfight, near the end of the game but alot of time left, till the end, according to the minions pushing and I got disconnected from the game...I had to ALT+F4 out of the game as it could no longer be played, I got sent to the LoL client MAIN screen. The game was not even over, so I decided to queue for a game and  it allowed  me to, I Could be a part of two games. I checked my match history and it hadn't updated which meant that the game was still going on...WTF riot?
1	Eh, not quite. Going to use quotes to make sure this is clear so this doesn't become overly long and confusing thread. So this is how it is right now:       Group A and B are in the same country:          >The pairs were placed in Taiwan or Singapore at league officials’ discretion after the groups were drawn, but pairs could not be split up, as that would affect the bracket stage matchups .       Group A will be playing against Group B in the quarters.          You said   > Current: A+B Phase 1, C+D Phase 2, A and B go against C and D's in QF.   So you are half right here, A and B will be in the same country for group stages however A will play B, not A and B vs. C and D. Remember Quarters are in Korea.   Next up, my proposal:   You said:   >Yours: A+C Phase 1, B+D Phase 2, A and C go against B and D's in QF.   Half correct again, I want A and C to be in the same country for group stages but have the same playoff bracket as Riot listed above. A will play B, and C will play D.   The benefits of my proposal over Riot's is that it facilitates better scrimmages for teams. A and B groups don't want to scrim each other because they will meet in the quarters, same for the C and D groups. This normally wouldn't be a problem if the event was held in a single country but because its not, there are problems with having different servers or ping.   So if A and C are in the same country, they can scrim each other better since they can only meet in the Semis and would have better connections.
0	Oh boy, story time.   I was freshly 21, in college, at a party. It's a huge party. There were probably 300 people in a small, 3 bedroom apartment. I knew the guys that were throwing the party; salt of the earth kind of guys. They had purchased 4 kegs expecting to last far into the night. Party started at 9pm, they figured they'd close up shop at 3am. Whelp. I got there at 10, 2 of the kegs were already gone. I walked up to the keg and this small, very attractive, blonde turned around and said,   >Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry, I cut in front of you. Here, take mine.   I protested for a moment but she insisted.   I woke up the next morning. Alone. in my bed. wearing only boxers. My room was immaculately clean.   I felt awful. I was dizzy, and I had no idea what had happened. I crawled around my room trying to build a mental map of the night before.   I remember the bottom of that cup, I had chugged it. I also remember two "pictures." In both I was giggling like a school girl. The first was of me on the ground outside my friend's apartment as my friends leaned down to pick me up. The second was of me in the bathtub fully clothed getting sick.   So, what the hell happened at the bottom of that cup? Well, I became very confused and giggly. My friends, some of the best guys I've ever met, took care of me but not before I made a bit of an ass out of myself.   I finished that beer around 10:45pm. I left the party at 2:15am. In that time I fell over somewhere between 5 and 10 times depending on who is telling the story. But best part and the event that led to my ejection from the party.   I, a 6'1", 250lb, big burly guy lost control of my upper body weight and began to fall forward. I was in a very crowded breezeway. I was determined not to fall. I broke into a full sprint in order to keep up with my upper half. I spread my arms wide in order to stabilize my upper body. I, while in sprint, managed to tackle ten ladies all dressed up nice for the party and bring 4-5 of them with me across the breezeway. Now, my friends were following me barreling through all of the poor folk I had freshly clobbered with no remorse. They were on a mission to save me from the staircase I was headed toward. I managed to grab onto the stairwell railing, saving myself from, assuredly, a much more sore morning.   The drunken ladies were, upset, to say the least, and wanted my presence at the party swiftly revoked. My friends, the apartment keepers very passionately defended my honor but agreed that I had reached my limit.   Mike walked me home. It was his 21st birthday party and he walked me home. That's how great this guy is. He could have his pick of the litter  and he did  but he took time to make sure I got home safely.   He's much smaller than I am. Maybe 5'7", 160lb. He's trying to control my weight and prevent me from falling over. He did a helluva job. But, at two points we struggled a bit. We are in a cluttered parking lot trying to navigate around cars. At one point there are two cars parked too closely together for Mike and I to easily walk through. I, apparently, giggled and lifted him to my side with the arm I had wrapped around his shoulders and carried him  around  the cars. The last hurdle was crossing the street, my apartment was less than 100 yards away. There was a bus stop just down the road from us and a bus was on its way to service it. Mike said,   > Watch out, bud. There's a bus coming.   And I walked out into the street with all the confidence in the world saying,   > Buses are a good thing to stop for....   Mike, jumped in front of me, hands on my chest pushing me backwards. Certainly saving my life.   I don't remember any of it. But it is still the most  memorable  night of my college experience.
1	Elo, the higher you go, changes from differentiating between basic mechanics towards overall lane play and decision making. You'll find that the vast majority of higher elo players have played a very high amount of games; there's very rarely exceptions and they're usually extremely long time players or professionals. The thing people don't understand is that you can only carry so much, and elo increases based on the ability to continually positively influence the game. This leads to inevitable uncarryable games. The thing is your ability to carry games diminishes the higher you go because of less overall mistakes. That's why people can get away with not warding vs low elo jungles and such, or making plays based solely on risky aggression to cheese their way through lower elo ranges.
1	Melee Champion" is too general a term. Lots of characters are melee but have differing roles. It's critical to understand the role your character brings to the fight   Yi, Tryndamere, Shaco, and Nocturne are all basically glass cannons that exist to murder the enemy DPS. Yi and Trynd, especially, are late game characters and should play cautiously until they finish their first core end-game item, such as InfEdge or Black Cleaver. When you play these guys, do not huddle in the middle of the rest of your team waiting for the teamfight to break out. You want to hit the enemy team from an unexpected angle a few seconds after the teamfight has begun and characters have blown CC's or Summoners. Then you get in, insta-murder one of their squishier characters, get out, and come back in again to mop up the leftovers.   Characters like Mundo, Sion, Renekton, Jarvan and Irelia can afford to play a more bare-knuckle brawl approach, as they all possess strong initiation and inherent survivability. Often times you WANT to draw the attention of the enemy team by simply blowing your cooldowns and charging in right behind your tank. Pick a dangerous character on the enemy team and get in their face. Stick to them like contact cement. Make the enemy team expend resources on you trying to get you out of their midst. Force the enemy carries to run or readjust or drop out of the fight. If you make the enemy Ashe turn and burn out of the fight, gratz, this is almost as good as killing her.
0	Firstly, check that dude's name.   Secondly, you're arguing against your own strawman. Even if he implied that he meant all women, he could have meant women who do this.
1	This was already possible when the new TT was out. No one really tried. Riot did nothing about it since nobody tries new things anymore.
1	Teemo should be buffed. /s   Nah but Teemo is actually quite easy to play against if you know how to. The problem is that a lot of people don't know how to and don't bother learning so the Teemo wrecks shop and then they whine he's OP. This whole Teemo circlejerk really bothers me since he's not actually that OP.   The next thing is that Riot REALLY needs to work on balancing. I find that most champs are either OP or UP, never a middle ground. The champs that are UP obviously have low pick rates and then the few champs that are in the middle just get pushed into the UP category. Some times I feel they make changes without actually testing them or seeing how it changes the champ in game but instead just comparing stats on paper. There's a lot of things where I feel if they just slightly changed this or tweaked that, champs would be a lot more balanced. I spend a lot of time thinking about game balancing in just about all games I play, which makes me feel that I should get a job in balancing.... But to the main point, Rito plz balance better.
1	I see a lot of good arguments, so it's far from just the community feeling entitled here. I really don't give a damn about free RP, and my last experience with Riot support was awful so I don't think I'd personally care to go through the hassle of acquiring it anyway. Regardless, there's more to this than just a bunch of entitled fans. There are good, intelligent arguments for equal compensation. And, of course, good arguments to the contrary.
0	Yes, yes. I'm a 6'1 140 dude, and I've gotten really skilled at finding clothes that don't make me look too skinny, but also don't look like they're just hanging off of me. I believe the secret is in not going for the super skinny jeans (if you're a skinny guy, you'll naturally already look skinny enough - no need to accentuate it even more) just because you can fit in them; instead, go for slim-straight legged. They will give you a little more build. Ever so slightly baggy tank tops with shorts are your friend in the summer.   Anddddd then when the clothes come off, you look Ethiopian. If I'm hooking up, I make sure the shirt comes off first before the pants so it doesn't look quite as bad. And be sitting/laying down. Yes. The moment you stand up, you'll look like a praying mantis.
1	loleventvods Frapses the stream and uploads it directly using a beefy computer.   LCS Official channel broadcasts live and then, when the live is down, Youtube servers (arguably weaker than loleventvods computer as they process way more information) transforms the live into a video and auto-upload.
1	I agree with this as harsh as it sounds. I've been 30 since nocturne was released, but still have never touched ranked. Why? because I for one do not yet have the complete abilitie to adapt and play all roles the may need to be filled in ranked. Ranked is for people who have at least 2-3 champs for every position, and have successfully learned the average skill needed to be successful in all roles, since one knoever knows what position they will be thrown into. I stay in normal and am currently trying to learn jungle, and hope to start ranked soon ( I am also scared of the bronzing I will most likely get) getting back I think the best thing that OP can do is play normal in the roles that he sucks at (letting his team know in advance or friends) and learning almost every role before ranked play. The game will stay fun, and solo queue wont eat him alive and possibly scare him away from lol before his time has come.
1	I got the same feeling the first time I tuned into SV and didn't want to see his stream ever again. Out of curiosity, I went to his stream again in hopes he'd be better and he was drunk as fuck. I tuned into his stream regularly for a while because whenever he was drunk, he would tell the best stories and had many humorous moments during his stream.
1	Game 4 :   CW :Amazing was indeed amazing,Youngbuck was again an unstoppable beast,forgiven yet again a solid performance,Unlimited really needs to expand his champion pool and stop getting caught,Cowtard really good yet again.In the end this was pretty much a stomp really good performance from CW in general,the changes doesnt seem to hurt them that much for now.   MYM :Kubon aside from that one tp where he killed unlimited had no impact,Mokatte was again choking,Czaru tried to make plays but he failed(amazing escapes with ahri tho),Makler same as mokatte and Libik was really the saving grace for MYM.He got a doublekill at early game and in general he had great annie ulti's/stuns but he couldnt make any big plays to save his team from utter defeat.Overall MYM is LCS material,if makler and mokatte step it up i believe we are going to see them again @ summer split.   Matchups (all 4 games):   YoungBuck vs Kubon :Youngbuck was way better as he was a beast on teamfights and he was always winning/keeping up in lane.Although his champion pool isnt that big i believe he can go up against the top teams.   Amazing vs Mokatte :Amazing's performance was great in all 4 games.He had really good initations,good synergy with the team and he is my 2nd favourite upcoming jungler.   Cowtard vs Czaru : Both of them didnt make big plays,although cowtard's performance was better.His ziggs play was really but although his Kha'Zix wasnt as impactful.   Forg1ven vs Makler : Forg1ven is trully the new marksman we need to keep our eyes on.Great positioning,he had more cs than makler in all 4 games and overall a great performance.   Unlimited vs Libik : Even though CW won,i got to give this one to Libik.He was really good early game(in 3 games he gave the advantage to makler in lane),he had great initiations in teamfights and as i said before he was the saving grace for MYM.
0	Thank you. My mother suffers from both lymphedema and lipedema, disorders that encourage obesity, generate excessive swelling and deposits of fluid, and prevent any weight loss in the affected areas. ( ( Due to the extra weight she has to carry around, she no longer has any cartilage in her knees. It's bone-on-bone grinding and extremely painful. The swelled skin often splits open and bleeds, which leads to chronic cellulitis ( My mother is an active person and it depresses the hell out of her to not be able to walk as much as each year goes by. She has to use the scooters at department stores and it always bugs the hell out of me to see the looks she gets from people who judge on appearance alone.
0	How about this, you put a christian backwoods redneck on tv, and ask him what he thinks about gay people. What the hell did you think he was going to say? I find it incredible that people couldn't see this coming. This is the same as the ChickFillet thing when they came out against gay marriage. They are a company run by Christians. Uh duhhh. Now am I saying I agree with what was said, no. However there comes a point when people need to learn to expect certain things.
0	So one time, me and a group of six friends were road tripping from Salt Lake City to Portland Oregon in a 82' econoline van. It was the worst winter storm of the year and we were an hour out  of town when the windshield wiper motor started working periodically. So we would lean out the window every time a semi passed us and squeegeed the salt off the window with a stolen squeegee.
1	I honestly don't understand - when you see the passives of most other champs, they've got one very clear passive, sometimes divided into 2 effects (e.g. Zac). Yasuo has 2 completely distinct ones?   This, I think, is the biggest issue with Yasuo's current kit, and I think this can be resolved with one of two solutions, both revolving around the same concept: make a connection between Yasuo's resolve passive and his crit chance increase passive.   Option 1     Yasuo has double crit chance  while his resolve is building .     What does this do?     This essentially encourages Yasuo to be much more aggressive in terms of attempting to make trades before the shield is ready.     In addition, it discourages very passive farming by yasuo players as it will become more difficult to farm without the increased crit chance at full resolve.     Subsequently, this will prompt Yasuo players to think twice about when to use his W as sometimes it may be favorable for Yasuo to take a hit and use up the shield before fighting in order to make use of his crit chance.     However this doesn't make sense lore-wise. It would make more sense that Yasuo is able to crit more with a stronger resolve.       So, another proposition is that...   Option 2     Yasuo gains bonus crit chance  as his resolve increases  up to a maximum of 1.0*(Current crit chance) at full resolve.     Do note that this means as soon as the shield is activated, Yasuo would lose his crit chance bonus immediately.       What does this do?     This has almost an opposite effect of Option 1, as it promotes a more passive play by Yasuo by greatly alleviating the constraint in his farming ability from above. It also encourages the Hit-n-Run play which prompts Yasuo to choose when to engage and quickly fall back.     However, this makes a big change on Yasuo's team fight capacity as well as his late game play style. While the current Yasuo has the kit to engage AND apply high dps afterwards, this change will weaken Yasuo's overall dps output due to the fluctuating crit chance after his shield has been activated.     Plus, it makes sense that Yasuo will gain an increase in crit chance as his resolve becomes stronger.     However, I'm unsure as to what kind of an effect this would have as to how Yasuo players would place their W. They could use it to either initiate a fight since it would not be ideal to take damage before fighting (thus effectively reducing the crit chance bonus when the shield activates), or they could use it after an engage since they would not be willing to make trades without the crit chance bonus after the first few set of trades.       My preference   I, personally, like the second change more since the synergy between increasing resolve and increasing bonus crit chance seems to make more sense than the first option of losing all crit bonus at full resolve.
1	I hated Yasuo, god I fucking hated all of those petty teenagers who only play league when a new champion comes out, so they can get on and buy the skin bundle and show off how much money their parents make. I'd laugh maniacally when I'd get mid and rape his ass as annie (my one and only main). Then, the tragic day came when they deleted annie (rip dfg) and so many other champions had come out that yas had fallen to the wayside. Wondered what it was like to play as a shitty, cheese champion, bought him with IP thinking to refund after a game or two.   A day or two later, I'm reclining on my gunsword in middle lane, wailing on my harmonica. Having grown up in the deep south with John Wayne as my hero, something about the high noon skin just tickled my fancy up one side and down the other. I refunded the annie skin and used it buy yas's. And did I mention yas is OP as fuck? He's OP as fuck. Granted, I'm still new and still get in a lane where I feed some times, but still...   Anyway, all of that irrelevant bullshit aside, got into this middle lane with a vel koz. Fucking intense match, holy fuck. 15 minutes in and we've each only been back once with like 180 some cs each with me slightly in the lead. On the other hand he's got a kill on me because I thought for sure my windwall would block his ult because I'm retarded. But other than that, I'm playing the game of my life, dodging his endless bombardment of purple missiles and ground rifts, each of us sneaking in that last hit on minions between furious attack/dodge exchanges, each of us with a third eye switching between jungles, waiting for the inevitable. Sure enough, my wards paid off and I saw them coming. Fid ulting over the wall, mf coming from bot jungle, top and support curling around the edges towards me. I skirt around the jungle shoulder on the left side, where the least amount of enemies are present and where my team gathers for a counter strike. Furious at this presumption, renekton launches himself into lane with a roar to shatter the rift, swinging his enormous blade through the ranks of the unsuspecting enemy who were stunned both figuratively and literally. My window was open and with a  CRACK  my gunsword exploded into a tornado of indescribable vengeance, hungrily catching four of them in its mighty gale. But the wind is my only companion, and we know each other well. I launched myself into the air after them, gunsword matching the tornado in it's piercing velocity as it cleaved my foes. I would not let them fall before my blade had resumed its calm, sleeping peacefully in its sheath. And when they did fall, it was into the grinning mouth of an enormously fanged and robust reptile. Our enemy surrendered thereafter.
0	There's been some jokes going around, because somebody bought the transcriber gold earlier. Also, they've been messing with it a lot. Sarpedonx is (I imagine) somewhat joking about the Reddit Trend of the Day, and somewhat being sarcastic.
0	I still say stupid shit sometimes (sometimes I don't read a post thoroughly enough or something) and get downvoted. I never delete them and will acknowledge my stupidity. Every once in a blue moon I'll start getting some upvotes for being brave by not deleting my downvoted comment.
1	Ghostblade is secret OP on the right champions.   Doesn't actually say which champions though.. I can say stuff without backing it up as well you know.. For instance, my smurf account is 2k+ Elo. If you're going to claim GB is super strong on  certain  champions, at least say what champions you think that is.   Edit: Since there were multiple replies, I feel lazy, so I'll reply to them here. The only champion that I'll ever consider GB on is Xin, everyone single other one is a no-no. Noc is a prime example. Yes, all the stats are nice on him, but someone answer me this, GB has always been nice on him, but no one ever built it, why? Maybe it's because while the stats are nice, it doesn't give him the survivability stats a melee AA champion needs. When would you build GB on Noc? If you make sure you have the other stats first, you might as well build BC because your AD carry is starting to look strong, if you rush GB you end up forgoing the much needed defensive stats and will find you get kited to hell.   Vi, Jarven, both need tanky stats, neither need crit chance. Neither are assassins so will be doing their bit in team fights, where BC is superior and assists the team. Maybe if you had no other AD champions (be a weird team comp lol) then GB  might  be better, but I don't see it.   So that basically leaves Xin, I can see it working on him, but with the intention of ending the game early. So GB looks to be a niche pick at best, on strong assassins that have no issue 1v1ing anyway.
0	I have a story that is surprisingly relevant to this. Some of my friends and I decided to go to my roommate's lake house for the weekend and have a nice, isolated party. His place wasn't too far outside of town, so it seemed like the ideal way to relax. My roommate offered to drive, so we all piled into his car, which had one of those push-to-start ignitions. We started driving and almost got there, maybe 3 miles away, when we stopped for gas. After the tank is full, he tries to turn the car on, but it won't start. It turns out he had dropped his keys in the parking lot right before we left and that the keys were close enough to be in range of the push-to-start sensor. Fortunately, someone else was coming late and hadn't left yet, so we called him and he found the keys on the floor of the parking spot. We had to push the car away from the filling station into a nearby parking spot and wait the 2-3 hours it would take for the keys to show up. The only things we had for fun in the car was a cooler full of beer, a chess board, and a few copies of Scientific American. We started playing music and drinking, but were promptly told by the owner that we can't drink in public, so we wound up playing chess, reading magazines, and having furious discussions about studies of interest while eating bag after bag of flaming hot cheetos. A few other people joined in, and we wound up starting a quasi-intellectual social event out of the trunk of our car at a sketchy gas station. To this day, I'm not sure whether to be proud or ashamed.
0	Okay so I guess I need a backstory so I don't seem like a person who likes to just torture these so called savages. This inmate barricaded himself inside of a block with other inmates. He was threatening to fight everyone in there, essentially causing a huge uproar and possibly a mini riot. We told the inmates to calm down and take down the barricade and he wouldn't comply. Officers finally force their way into the block and ordered him to give up. That's when he decided it would be a good idea to throw toilet water ( assault ) and spit ( malicious conduct by a prisoner )(which is a 2-5 year prison sentence ) on officers. So in order to restrain him with out a huge fight we simply tazed him into submission and handcuffed him to bring him out the block. There was no malice on our part. Everything was handled professionally.
1	I'm actually a very polite player and very kind to people in general and yes that is one of the worst things people say to each other on league; but, I can honestly say if someone can have their emotional state be effected in any way by another person they don't know and have never met they should probably not be playing multiplayer games of any sort and work on maturing as a person. People should not be so moody, and if they are I can firmly say I believe they need to do something to better themselves as people, ignoring someone is not very hard. I know I'm in the minority on this but if you can't handle people trying to hurt your feelings you shouldn't be putting yourself into public at all.
1	Funny that after all of these nerfs, Lee Sin is still top tier in the jungle, even if his winrate is nothing special.   Considering teamfighting is clearly big at the moment (j4 liss rumble graves all coming back in the meta at the same time kinda tells you that), shouldn't tank junglers be stronger ?   I know I'm going to get typical answers like "yes but their early game sucks", but do these people even watch OGN ? It's quite rare that a jungler invades or gets more than 2 assists (or one assist one kill) pre 6, often not getting any and simply passively farming.   Perhaps it is time to take into consideration that it is highly likely that something is wrong with these tank junglers that, in theory, excel at teamfighting in exchange for their weaker early game - compared to fighter junglers like j4-lee-rengar.
1	This is even more annoying if you're in my position. I played a few ranked games (qualifier then 2 more games) and I dodges 3 og my qualifiers not knowing it gave you a loss so my 4w-3l went to 4w-6l and then I didn't bother to play after being placed in bronze 1. Now every fucking game I play normal people say "typical bronze pay lmao" etc.... It's really getting on my nerves. This happens because my MMR is quite high, every game I play with/against at least 2-3 gold players and usually some plats.
0	It's not the fact that people do these things that annoys me, it's when they boast about accomplishments that are very far off for other people. It just seems rude to me because no matter your intention or how proud you are for yourself others are bound to feel inadequate at your possibly impossible achievement. This also raises the question of why people feel the need to share things like this to strangers, since it doesn't negate the achievement if you don't. Also I'm aware that this meme is bad since it was her friend who posted the achievement.
0	Ugh. I hate people like this. When I was in high school, we used to listen to the generic top 40's station (which was actually any of the top 40's of 7 years ago ±3 years) or country music on the bus to school, but one time we had a substitute bus driver that let us put on whatever we want. Some guy put on metal, and this whiny bitch was like "escuse me. ESCUSE MEE, I REEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS. Is he listenin-I RREEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS." So the bus driver put the music back to "Today's Best Music". I'm not a fan of music, but it was a nice change to the same old shit we listened to every day. Anyway, the bus driver came back and all the metal heads were like "ASSQUEUES ME, I REEEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS" again and again the whole ride until the driver put on classical music. The last sentence of this story never actually happened.
0	Unfortunately just about every state in the US has pretty strict doctor-patient confidentiality laws. There is no way in hell your therapist would be allowed to testify or reveal anything she said to him/her.   Have you actually discussed this matter with your lawyer? I think you're heading for a rude awakening. If you don't live in a 1-party state the recording won't be admissible. Even if that's not the case, the fact she cheated on you doesn't actually matter. To date, there is no case law that specifically addresses adultery. But the law is very clear that alimony awards have to be based on what is 'just', which means taking into account the obligee's ability to support themselves and the obligor's ability to pay, and that fault can't be considered. Judges have to write alimony orders "without regard to misconduct." This means that the family court can't consider any kind of fault or marital misconduct, including adultery, when it makes decisions about alimony.   What will happen is the family court will want you two to work out an agreement, if you can't come to one the judge will look over all the pertinent information (financial obligations held by either party, standard of living during the marriage, length of marriage, etc). The judge will then determine how much and how long you will have to pay. The goal in the judges decision will be to achieve approximate equality.
0	I was caught using my phone during an exam in college. The professor took it away and left the room for a few minutes. I turned my exam in at the end of class and he told me to stick around. He had given my phone to the department head. The department head was busy so we were told to come back in an hour. I went to the computer lab for and hour then went back. Still busy so I went for a walk for an hour around campus. Felt like shit for two hours because I was an idiot.   Finally we had a meeting with the department head and went over what happened. My phone was locked so they couldn't see what I was looking at. The head asked what I was doing and I told him I was looking up the value for a constant we needed. My professor has told us not to study a certain portion of the material because it wouldn't be on the test. Since he said it wouldn't be on there, I didn't have any notes on my index card of equations. The professor had provided an equation sheet for us as well and it did not have the value on it either. The professor swore he gave us the constant on the sheet but I had him look at it to confirm it was not there. I was let off with a rather harsh warning and told I had to sit in the front row for the rest of the semester. He said he wanted to act like it never happened.   When we got the test back, I got to keep the grade on it and was told I did not have to retake it. He said that I did it myself because he found the phone during the first 10-15 minutes of class. He apologized to the class about leaving out the value and scaled the test 15 points. My grade was an 87 which I was thrilled about. I then noticed he added up my grade wrong. I went to his office after class, pointed out his adding error, and ended up making a 95 on the test. I still can't believe I had the balls to do that.
0	OP, you're  an idiot  naive.   > According to Costco's Proxy statement filed for 2011, Sinegal earned $350,000 in base pay, with additional funds coming from bonuses, stock/option awards and other compensations, totaling $2,191,159. This amount does not reflect grants of plan-based awards, outstanding equity awards, or changes to other potential Costco-related holdings.
1	I go ahead and quote myself here from a few days ago:   I like how they try to calm everyone down by saying that the reports are saved and will worked out eventually even though the tribunal is down.   With 2 reported people per average in a normal EUW platinum game I wonder how many ppl RIOT hires to work out all those reports with a few thousand reports per day.   I don't want to sound too negative...but they can't even catch up with the amount of people that need to be banned since the tribunal is down. There are just too many of them. Which means your average game on EUW will be toxic as hell for the next few months until they finally bring back a solution for this.   Not sure if I want to play for the next few months with people wishing me diseases, death and other things, have sex with my mother/father/pet, call me whatever insult they find on www.insults-for-retards.com, forcing dodges with "role X or feed", forcing dodges by banning useless champs/not banning at all "to make it more entertaining", feeding, afking, leaving, trolling or simply being negative as hell.
1	No ranked mode coming.   MWAB's Post:   >Hey dudes,   >Let's chat.   >First off, I want to reiterate what Ghostcrawler said. We won't be removing Dominion nor the Alternate Maps team. We've accomplished a lot this last year with both Dom and TT - They're both in a much better state of balance and overall health than they ever have been.   >Secondly, I'll be frank. Dominion does not have the player base to support a ranked queue right now. It's not a matter of diluting the primary game mode or needing extra dev support, the population just isn't large enough to sustain a healthy queue. How do we know this? Well, we've actually done quite a bit of research on how many players are needed for a healthy queue. When it's not met, we see stuff like increased toxicity, higher turnover, decrease in queue size and a generally degraded play experience. Splitting the already small community into two queues would create a poor experience for both sides. Waiting 30 minutes to play with people with a 500 elo disparity is no fun for anyone.   >
0	I feel that this may be an appropriate place to share my extremely anticlimactic story.  I hope you enjoy! I am a 23 year old Male that lives in Oklahoma City.  I have been through 13+ different encounters with women between the ages of 18 and 21.  After some self centering and realizations, I decided the way I was treating women was less than acceptable.  I stopped dating women and decided to friendzone myself and help them with their own male encounters instead.   2 years of being single has been a wonderful eye opener for me.  However, I completely forgot how to talk to women or what to do to show them I was interested.  I knew nothing more than how to friendzone myself.  Granted I had a few sexy encounters with some of my female friends, they all took place MONTHS after I took the time to become their friend. . .   With that being said, there is a restaurant her in OKC called Berverly's pancake house.  I had been there a few times over the past few years but $8 is a little expensive for me... With that being said, I have only eaten there about 6 times.   A few weeks ago, I went in with my buddy.  We had just finished work and decided to eat breakfast for dinner! How crazy are we....As we enter the restaurant, a cute waitress greets us and shows us to our table.  She is too cute and I'm immediately nervous.  She asks what we want to drink and of course, all I could manage to squeak out was "water with no ice...." Unfortunately, I sounded like a 12 year old boy when I said it...   That whole evening though was filled with glances and stares.  She would walk by and wink or smile.  She'd talk to me and only me.  She'd jump from table to table taking orders but pause at my table.  When I asked for my tab, she brought it to me.  I paid, she handed me my receipt, and I left without saying a word.   I felt like a complete fucking dumbass after that evening     A week later, I decided to go back.  Same day, same friend, same entree, same waitress.  When she saw me walk in, she smiled so big.  She ran over to us, greeted us, then led us to our table.  When she took our orders, she was shaking.  I didn't know what her deal was at the time.  My buddy finally pointed out that she looked real nervous.  Not only was she shaking, but she wouldn't stop looking at me.  I was really flattered.  This girl was very sweet but sarcastic. She had a good sense of humor for the short time I was graced by her waitressing presence and was very quick witted to top it off.  She had a very nice body too...I'll be the first to tell you I'm an ass man and, even though it's not the deciding factor, it really does help to have a booty.   With that being said, After the longest 30 minutes I've ever experienced, my buddy and I decide to leave.  We go to the register to check out.  She's waiting and smiling. My buddy pays for his, looks at me, shakes his head then leaves. I proceed to check out. She asks for my ID then playfully says my name "Nay-THAN." I smile and said "Yep..." Cue awkward silence for about 10 seconds. I then say "Now that you know my name, I gotta ask a couple things..." She smiles, brushes her hair behind her ear and says "Go ahead" I ask for her name and she tells me.  I then say, "If I give you my number, would you use it?" She grins real big, then quickly displaces it. She side smirks, looks at me and says "Maybe..."  DING  a couple of customers enter. She tells me she has to seat them.  I tell her I have to leave. She tells me to write down my number. I tell her I don't have paper.......... She gives me a real upset look and tells me to write it on my receipt. I tell her I need it.... Then tell her nevermind. I write it down with my name one it. I ask her what she wants me to do with it. She's in a small panic because she's trying to do her job and handle my unprepared stupid ass at the same time.  She tells me "UHH UHH UHH UHH IDK lay it on the counter or something!" I lay it on the counter, point at it, and say "okay...it's right next to the register..." Then I awkwardly leave...   I'm still waiting on a phone call.    I don't know if this was worth reading or not, but if you enjoyed it, I actually wrote a blog about all of my relationships leading up until about a month ago.  Feel free to check it out:   Thanks for reading.
0	Yeah : It's  not permission  from the creator that 9gag posts lacks of, is  attribution  to the creator...
1	Not that what your saying isn't true (having subjective commentators for international games in football, icehockey or any other sport is great, and, as you say, makes the the games more personal or exciting), this only goes for sports broadcast on national channels, and not on the internet, where many different nationalities watch the same streams.   Even though the twitch channel is broadcast in English, it doesn't mean everyone is rooting for the English speaking team. (I know this isn't the same for e.g. the Polish stream, because anyone who is watching that channel is more than likely from Poland.)
1	I think part of the problem is that they switched the side of the buttons around, accept being on the left where "Finish What I Was Doing" used to be. I've played about 30 games since the change and almost every time I was tempted to click Decline because that's where I'm accustomed to click (I also clicked it a few times).   In addition to that, the time you have for accepting seems to have shortened in comparison to the old system. Many players (including me) are used to surfing the web while waiting for a match to be found and sometimes think "Oh, I'll finish reading this paragraph" or something of the sort. In the old system nothing happened there, but in the new you quickly dodge queue by not reacting fast enough.
0	It was a girl he had met at the party. As in, "hi I am  [name] I live across the street." But that's about it. I am not saying that nothing happened to her. Who am I to say that, since she very well might have. But the story is odd and nothing added up and we know it certainly wasn't him. The real kicker was that he lost his cell phone at the party that night. The prosecutor from the state claimed, in her closing argument, that "leaving a cell phone at the crime is the same as leaving semen, since Teenagers take them everywhere." This is actually what they said. Another friends father actually ran a juror down in the lot and asked him what made them say guilty and shit you not, he said the phone.
1	Do game mechanics seriously need to hold the player's hand so they can't act like jerks in a team based game?   Sure. I mean, if behavior like this can easily be prevented (what's the point of the animation anyway? Why not just make it instant? Why not make it acceptable/declinable?), then yes, It should be removed, imo.   The difference is, buying AP on an an AD champ or dying 30 times in 5 minutes have fringe cases. What if they bought a zhonyas because it's a 1v1 vs zed? It wouldn't be the worst thing ever.  note, i'm not saying Zhonyas is good on AD, but it's possible that something like this could potentially happen for a real reason  What if they're just having a bad game and died a lot in lane?   There are REASONS not to disable those sorts of behaviors. There ISN'T a reason (other than, Hey this thing looks cool and is an interesting theatrical thing!) for Kalista to be able to stun her allies randomly at the beginning of the game.   Of course, I'm not a Riot employee and you are.
0	Yip.  The guy who is probably my best friend in the world was dating this truly awful girl almost the whole way through high school.  She and I would get into stupid fights all the time (started because she's an overreacting bitch, continued because I'm not all that great myself).  I'd always get pissed because my friend would never choose a side.  I made sure people knew how I felt about her, including him.  The whole time they were dating, and after they broke up for the first time, I persistent told him what a bitch she was, and he just shrugged it off.  It didn't ruin our friendship, but it was pretty frustrating for me personally.   Months after they broke up for real, my friend calls me and says, "You know, you were right about her.  The whole entire time.", and, as previously mentioned, our friendship is completely intact.   The moral of the story is to be honest with your friends.  If they're really your friend, they will forgive you and appreciate your honesty.
1	I honestly think that the reason why LoL has such a "negative" community is because the majority of players aren't experienced in team-games or team-sports, and as a result aren't experienced in taking or delivering constructive criticism. I think that criticizing teammates on their decisions leads to better team-made decisions overall; but obviously there are a lot of children playing LoL like any other game, and when it's a 12 yr old criticizing another 12 yr old, it doesn't end well and benefits no one.
1	It's pretty difficult to discern the win rate for supports. It's true you're not supposed to have much gold, and that your life is probably the least valuable. But you have a significant impact during laning. If you can get your adc as many kills with minimal deaths you overall succeeded in your lane. You lost turret, but your adc is 11-2? With 170 cs? That's pretty good, pat yourself on the back. Now do everything you can to keep he/she alive. 9/10 keeping your adc alive will save the game. If they build thornmail, advise them that they have thornmail and suggest builds to get around thornmail (BORK, Youmoo's, Shiv). Poke supports like Sona might not be as effective later in the game (not saying 4 man ults are devastating) as early in the game but it all comes down to how the 5 individuals play. Try to get as many wards as you can. Remember maximizing win rate doesn't mean 100%. It means giving the chance of winning a higher chance of success rather than failure. I assure you, no one with 1000+ games has a 100% win ratio in ranked. If you did your best, then you gained experience and knowledge on how to prevent said situations. There are some things in the game in which you can't control.
1	In an ideal world, people would respect others' wishes and compromise for the best possible outcome. But of course, half the time we do end up in highly unfavorable positions. With premades in general, if you are not 5-man queing, you should ask before doing anything cheesy to the other members of that group. Most people will allow a duo-premade to go bot, if they can work out a situation where the other members can agree on roles that they are somewhat comfortable with, because bot-lane synergy can win games, and people know that. A 3-man premade might want to get jungle-top-mid and use 3 man ganks to snowball both lanes, which is significantly easier for them to do than a random group of strangers. But again, only if the other two are comfortable in botlane. And as in your case, 4-man premades should be able to cater to the 5th person's comfortable positions. If the 5th feels comfortable playing mid or top, there is no need to force him to bot or jungle. It is highly unlikely that nobody in your premade of 4 is comfortable playing those roles.   Under no circumstances, however, you should run "cheesy" picks without talking to the players outside of your premade. Just because you saw Annie/Brand botlane in a stream does not mean it always works, and you should take consent from the players in your team to run it. Why? Because it is extremely frustrating for the players when a cheesy comp does not work and that becomes the reason they lose the game. Giving you OK to go duo bot does not mean you can automatically pick Shen/Voli against a bloody Caitlyn. If you do it without asking, and you then proceed to feed, you will be undeniably reported. If, however, you discuss it first, and get green light, then they have nothing to complain about because they themselves thought that might work, and allowed it. It might work, or it might not, but you should, in theory, be fine. Obviously, not every player is as sensible, but it is a start.   Of course, if you are 5-man premade, you can go as batshit insane as it goes. 4-man push pot. Run Heimer jungle. Run that 5-man AP burst caster combo, or have Ashe build tanky and get Shen to be your ADC (I did say batshit insane), or do whatever you want.
1	That's not only dumb but would destroy TSM's fan base. TheOddOne is part of the original TSM line up and has been a core essentail part of the team. Nyjackys just trolling and probably laughing at this thread because of viewers like you who actually post this.   OddOne's playstyle is go in balls deep and follow Regi while WT and Xpecial clean up. When that man gets Karthus expect the KDA to be low but the kill count to soar.
0	But that would mean that the same person would be OK with believing something totally different if born into another religion. Because if you look for it you will find good in any major religion as you would find it in non believers.   And personally I didn't believe in god before knew about atheism. I was raised Catholic, even went to a catholic school. Not necessarily because of believe but because it was the best private school around. Its different in Germany then in the USA where this would probably mean they would teach creationism. We don't have this here. Just FYI.   I never had to look anywhere for people believing or not what I do because I was raised with a free will and parents and a surrounding respecting my free will. I didn't choose not to believe I just never did, even as a child as far as I can remember.   My mother worked as an accountant for an institution of the church so I know a ton of good and intelligent religious people. And I truly believe that all of them would believe in something different when born into it instead of being catholic.   Btw, before reddit I never thought much about being an atheist or agnostic for that matter. And encountering other atheist here, which most seem like pretentious hating people, rather made me want to believe in something than be part of them.
0	Story:   > Jane  >>So, let me get this straight. You're going to total her car, and then a few months later when she has finally sold the useless hunk of metal, you're going to suspend her license for not having insurance on the car you wrecked? Thank you, Florida police. You are really on your a game.   > Me  >>What's the story on this?   > Jane  >> Basically,  Joan 's old car broke down while I was at a stoplight. Police officers moved me and the car from obstructing traffic by pushing it with there police car (here is the important part) AROUND A FREAKING CORNER AT LIKE 50 MPH. I steered using their momentum and even with slamming on the brakes, the car still went flying into a pole in front of a circle k.   >>I parked in that spot perfectly though, I will say that.  It was just... too far forward. Like bent around the pole. Busted her radiator, crushed the doors in so that I could barely get out, even cracked the pavement around the pole I hit. The whole nine yards.  Then, while I was under duress, they tried to get me to sign a paper saying that their actions/crazy speed that I would not even take a corner at with full control of my car somehow not a contributing factor to her car getting wrecked. I didn't sign, and I got a video of it from the circle k manager.   >>Anyway, yesterday,  Joan  found out during a meeting with her new boss that her license had been suspended due to lack of insurance. So, police could have arrested her had she been pulled over, and we never would have known otherwise, all because of a problem they created in the first place.
1	How does it ruin it? The limitation to only females on the team is purely for recognition in the first place. Of course they should be primarily straight/cis women. That is what all of their marketing is funded towards.   The main league is the one that needs to be gender-neutral and LGBT accepting. It makes no sense for a single-sex-only to be single-sex-but-allowing-specific-exceptions.
1	Pretty sure after 1600 games played (I'm assuming they are ranked or what's the point in mentioning them in a thread about solo ELO) he is right where he needs to be on the ELO scale. Which isn't a bad thing. I like to think of it as the different leagues in StarCraft 2. Silver players play other silver player, diamond vs other diamond, etc. Granted, you can't compare Blizzard's matchmaking system to Riot's, but with an ELO matchmaking system, people play with people of similar skill levels after 100-200 games. The problem comes from people who think they are better than they actually are. I don't just mean the complaining about "ELO hell". I more importantly mean that they start using "ELO hell" as an excuse for losing; therefore, stop trying to improve and just blame the system. If your team isn't buying wards, you don't have a jungler, not sending the whole team to dragon,  etc., the enemy team has just as much of a chance to have the same problems.
0	Uncle started with snap on about 20 years ago now he has a 7 figure salary. Dedication and people skills with a bit of good luck. He always told me If you try hard and make your own opportunities your job will work for you.
1	Unfortunately, it certainly seems that way. I dunno if LoL just attracts assholes or the intensive team-based nature of the game only exacerbates bad behavior (or both) but you will definitely encounter much verbal abuse while playing this game.   I am not an asshole (for the most part) and absolutely despise the douchebaggery attendant to this community, but I've kept playing through several months now because the game is just too damn fun at the end of the day. Sure, I'll be harassed occasionally (usually by poorer players - the dunning-kruger effect can be observed in full force in this game) but nothing beats the satisfaction of successfully coordinating with a good team.   This might sound incredibly silly, but I like to treat a match like an NFL player (the consummate professionals, anyway) approaches a football game. In both endeavors, it's important to manage emotions, communicate thoroughly, and deal with failures without scapegoating or otherwise destroying team cohesion. If someone is playing poorly, I try to give them constructive advice without being overly critical or obnoxious. If I am not doing well (which happens), I try to own up to it and analyze and fix my mistakes. Instead of getting angry, I'll let myself be impressed with an opponent's good play and see what I can do to counter them better.   I originally cultivated this sort of zen-like attitude while playing MW2 and Black Ops, games which are basically designed to piss you off. I found that the calmer and more nonchalant I was, the more fun I had and the better I subsequently played. I believe this mindset is even more applicable to LoL (which is also a better game). At the end of the day, it's just a video game and you're just clicking buttons on a mouse. Don't let it ruin you.   Oh and find good, cool, vocal people to play with! You'll know each other's strengths and weaknesses better and be less likely to blindly rage/get raged at. My summoner handle is MickeyPemulis; I'd be more than happy to play with you sometime!
0	In the 7th grade I was feeling pretty bored one day and thought, 'Hey, I wear jeans almost exclusively, and they all look the same!.' Thus came the year of The One Pant. One entire school year wearing one pair of pants, at no point washed. I was careful. Oh so careful. Abstaining cheetos entirely, and shirking sauces. At the end of every day I would comb them for stains, seeking any clue that would reveal my deceit. The rare few times a flaw was found, I scraped it away.   Months rolled by, not a single person suspecting a thing. Not even my parents knew! I would take perfectly clean jeans and rub a bit of dirt on them to trick my mother into thinking the cycle had not been broken.   Finally, the end of the year came. I remember it clearly, standing in the school courtyard with my best friend. Spring blew through the sunlight in floral waves as I turned to him with a knowing grin. 'Hey, Jake.' 'Yeah?' 'I have been keeping a secret this entire year in plain sight. Can you guess what it is?' He cast his eyes up and down, trying to pry any crumb of knowledge my relaxed pose might betray. 'No dude, what is it?'   'I've been wearing.  The same pants .  The entire year .'   'WHAT?!' His eyes shoot down to my legs and I see the gears turning in his head. I'm laughing now. I'd done it. I'd fooled them all. 'What the fuck, dude.' 'Hey, you couldn't tell.'   With the deed done, it felt only right that I surrender them now to the washer. I should tell you now, reader, that never once in that year had I actually smelled those pants. Nobody had. Standing over the swirling soap a terrible curiosity gripped me and I held my nose to the fabric. A thousand fallen angels, weeping sepsis from long blistered wounds, infested my nose. I cast the foul cloth into the machine and slammed the lid, retching. How such a rank miasma could be contained within such a small space marvels me to this day.   When the damned pant broke free of the churning toil it was a tattered rag. The knees were completely blown out, the pockets missing, belt loops lost to the howling void. It was a foul thing. A terrible artifact. But it was the most comfortable pair of pants I had ever known in my young life.   I patched them. And like a curse inspired by legend, they would be obliterated every time they were washed.   I'm a different man now. I wear multiple pairs of pants in a week. Even shorts, should the weather allow. But I will always remember the most comfortable fabric to ever cradle a crotch.
1	In short, the real reason is probably due to Hotshotgg's champion pool and their subsequent strategies due to the fact he only plays tanky top laners. They play protect the Doublelift every single game, and with S3 changes and with the fact that Doublelift is no longer God Tier above all the other ADCs (not sure if he's slumping or others just caught up) so it simply doesn't work anymore. Everyone knows that all you have to do is shut down Doublelift and you win. It's obviously easier said then done since CLG have amazing experience, but if you shut down the megathreat that is Doublelift, all they have to worry about left is Link who can't seem to carry the team.
0	Don't ever do this!  I was driving home one Christmas Eve from my aunts house, this old drunk broad drifted into our lane and knocked the mirror off my car.  We had to pull a u-turn and speed just to catch up with her.  She had no idea she even hit our car and didn't understand why we were asking for her info. Eventually she called and asked if we didn't put in a claim and she'll pay cash.  We did, and a few years later her grand daughter tried to sue us for harassing the elderly.  It obviously got thrown out because it was so ridiculous.  We didn't force her to write the check and we thought we were doing the lady a favor by not reporting it.
1	Your friend is missing what makes diana so strong.  Bear with me, I'm not attacking you or your friend, just ask him to give this a try sometime.   Diana is a melee assassin who is great at creating a fight because of her mobility and her e.  Your friend is building roa because he thinks he needs to be tankier when he goes in and does this.  Hes right, but hes going about it the wrong way.  Because Diana has a spammable shield that scales off ap, resists give her more effective hp than getting more health.  Therefore, a common build on diana is abyssal into zhonyas.  This lets you go in, do some damage and get your e off and then zhonyas until your team follows up.  You'll survive and you'll be tanky enough to not get one shot going in.   As you get more ap, that shield will get even bigger making your resists benefit you even more.  Think riven's shield, you don't see good riven players going frozen mallet, they go ga and use their shield and mobility to be tanky.
1	Push the mute button. Seriously.   It's not cool to tell someone to kill themselves, but come on, enough with this cyber-bullying junk and this incredibly alarmist behavior. It's a video game, with mad little kids sitting on the other side of the screen. It's a fantasy world, with monsters and heroes and minions. Nothing that happens there is real. And you can mute someone the SECOND they say one thing that you don't like. It's SO easy to do.   If someone kills him or herself because someone in League told them to, that's sad. But people tell each other to kill themselves in the real world all the time. People tell other people that theyr'e going to actually kill them. People actually DO kill people. Soldiers go to war at 18 (or younger in other countries). People kill themselves because SO's break up with them. Should we decry all relationships? No more break-ups allowed?
0	thedrinkmonster 882 points 18 hours ago*  (1191|313) When I lived in a shitty part of Tacoma Park in Maryland (near UMD) once I ordered from Papa Johns for my 2 roomates and I. We've ordered from here before and knew the guy who delivered to our apartment every weekend; real nice family guy named Fahud; we tipped well and he liked us and always made sure we got our pizzas first on his route. It's hood here and my street was the last one they'd delivered to before they wouldn't go any further. I hear a wild frenzied banging at my door and go to answer it; it's the driver all right, he's bleeding from his nose. He barrels in panting and frantic and explained that 2 black kids jumped him when he got out of his car; punched him in the face and knocked him down, he dropped the pizza and ran into our building and they gave chase desperate to catch him. Fahud's from Afghanistan and he's seen some shit growing up in a wartorn country and beelined it to our door. My roomates and I arm ourselves with a hockey stick and a bat and grab a big mag lite and run outside with Fahud determined to catch these fuckers. We walk around the perimeter of the apartment complex for maybe 8 minutes but no sign of Fahud's attackers or our pizza. Fahud thanks us for our help and leaves. We sit down bummed our pizza got stolen and decide to go get chinese instead. 4 hours later around 12 am we hear a knock. We're still skittish and think it might be the hood rats that beat up Fahud and saw where we lived. We get our hockey stick and bat and answer. It's Fahud, with a large pepperoni pizza!! He explained what happened to the manager and had us made another pizza to make up for the one we lost! As a show of thanks he made it right before they closed up and he came out of his way to drop it off and would not accept a tip on top of that. A week after that Papa Johns took our apartment complex off the delivery route. But we still ordered carry-out afterwards and continued our friendship with Fahud until we moved out a year later.
1	It's just an excuse and trying to cover the fact that they got beat, beat hard! I mean why wouldn't you train and practice hard for the NA regionals finals especially when a place in the world championship is on the line and a place in the season 3 championship, i think its just a really bad excuse and i have seen a lot of pro gamers try and find a reason to why they got beat but they just got outplayed on the day, you don't go in to the finals where $40,000 is up for stakes and the difference of the money between first and second place it's always nice to have the extra money.
0	I asked out one of my best friends about a month ago. This is bullshit.   I made it clear that it didn't matter to me that she said no, we were still friends. it was weird the next time we hung out,  BUT  from then on it didn't matter because I treated it like it didn't matter and she saw that and it made it not weird because neither of us was awkward about it.   If it's not awkward for you and she/he can tell that it's not awkward then you are just two friends. you just need to have the right perspective on it, yes you like him/her in a different way, but you can't force that on someone and the premise of a friendship is that you both like spending time together and having a relationship in a 'friend way' if you are truly friends then it shouldn't matter.
1	I'm honestly outraged by this.  Let the players play what they want.  Agreeing to an ARAM is not against any rules or regulations in the MLG nor is it stated by RIOT Staff.  This is absolutely ridiculous that they would be fined / punished for simply playing against the meta game.  I would have backed the punishment if there was some sort of collusion due to the prize money being split / allowing the team to win but that is obviously NOT what happened here.
1	I were stuck in 1400-1600 for too long. Til I discovered Skarner <3   But most important, you have to be the ultimate teammate if you want to climb elo. Let your teammates play whatever they want, and you must take responsibility and pick the lesser popular roles (in this case support/jungler). Remember that you NEED these players to win the match and win this elo.   Try Skarner!     Not that hard to play (No skillshots, except E...emm)   Extremely stronk ganks after lvl 6   Fat as santa and dominating in MS   Overpowered Slow (Q-Skill)   Stronk late-game (After my experience)     And Additional, in low elo you can even have some more fun with Skarner, do as I did and build PD-Skarner. If you play smart and get some early kills/assists, you'll run down your enemies and end up as a good lookin carry! (Notice that you should stop this after you pass 1600 elo, didn't go so well then.. )
0	I used to be terrified of speaking in public; pooping in public; crossing at a crosswalk while drivers could see me; doing anything that might be considered even mildly offensive...   And then I became homeless. Couldn't give two fucks about any of it, now that just about every element of my life is out in the open and ready for judging eyes. Still have some insecurity issues, of course, but most of that other shit is done and gone.
1	adcs are fine as they are in terms of damage, but there needs to be better defensive items for them. When it comes to late game you're either being destroyed by a mundo or one-shotted by an assassin. GA means they have time to reposition and doesn't always work, and banshees is nice but only mitigates the damage from an assassin. Besides, with both of these you can be chased out of a teamfights and it's always down to the bruisers/AP casters to win the fight. It comes to the point where if you don't have flash up you are as good as dead, and if you do you're still not able to do any damage.   Of course all of this can be fixed by solid peel from your team mates, but in soloq that just doesn't happen and I've had multiple games of going 17/3 or something like that, getting one shotted as my team is trying to chase the enemy adc and we lose. ADCs don't have the presence in fights any more and good positioning means less and less if a kat can flash>e>w>r instakill you no matter what. Of course adc's shouldn't be able to fight bruisers but there isn't much point if your sole job is to waste cooldowns and hopefully put a dent in a mundo.   But to reference your original post, 6 item cait can easily face a 4 item voli, she's the best kiter in the game. Work on stutter stepping and you should be fine. Alternatively, DON'T TRY TO 1v1 A VOLIBEAR. You should never be alone, the current meta means you'll be destroyed by pretty much anyone. Your job is to back up your team, not to 1v1 everyone. Armour pen wouldn't do much against a voli because he works off health with his passive, and buffing LW would be overpowered.
1	I was in D2 in eune and I mained adc. Patch come out and dropped D5.   Now I have GF and tan.
1	In the end... I learned only one lesson from this "chat restriction"... Don't type in chat at all because regardless of what you say you will be reported.     Curse words..... even though a filter fucking exist... doesn't matter get ban/restricted   Constructive criticism.... doesn't matter... even though most people learn from their mistakes when they are addressed if you call someone out on a mistake you will be reported.
0	Loss of a child... there's nothing quite like the depth of that blow.   There's nothing that won't remind her of him.   Even if they move to a different city, there will be cooking a certain dish, or setting the table with grandma's china (the sort of thing families hold on to), a show he would have liked on TV... some cute funny thing you would have called to tell him about...   Families feel their grief, if you ask how they're doing, or mention how much someone meant to you, maybe eventually that becomes precious... but it's also painful when NO ONE seems to even remember your loved one, they're not mentioned at all...  The idea that the loved one left no impact on their community can be worse.
1	I actually think 'let Darien feed' is Gambit's legit strategy, Darien builds up as a tanker than distracts the entire enemy team powered by his balls of soviet titanium, most of Gambit's winning teamfight is won by the enemy team distracted by Darien's hyper-aggression. It gives psychological pressure to the enemy team too, you're going to be annoyed of this spider/ninja/croc/etc just rubbing against your team with sunfire cape saying "sup", and there's always that urge to focus on the feeding member of your enemy team.
1	The thing is, her AP scaling is incredibly low for the most part:   Venomous Bite / Neurotoxin (+0.02/AP damage)   Volitile Spiderling (+0.8/AP damage)   Skittering Frenzy (+0.02/AP heal per hit)   Spider Form (+0.2/AP damage to your attacks, and +0.1/AP damage to your spiderlings attacks)   That's it.   Aside from Volatile Spiderling, its all quite negligible scaling.   My thoughts would be to just build AD/AP/AS and solid utility like a motherfucker. I'm dreaming up a final build like Sorcs Shoes, Triforce, Nashors Tooth, Gunblade, Malady, GA.   Otherwise, you're just going nowhere with your itemization and gonna be useless lategame. Unless you're just spamming Volitile Spiderlings nonstop all game, AP is kinda not helping much at all.
1	riot need moar big buttons on hud that i click to attack a minion and that I click on it to attack the champion who is by me and that I click to attack the tower that is by me and that I click to attack the baron that is by me and that I click to attack the inhebitour that is beside me and the dragon too.   the spells too should have buttons so i can click a spell and cast it on someone by clicking the button. bcuz ssumtimes my team is always missing the menions and they dont get gold becuz they cant click the menions and we dont have gold and cant put spells on other players or on me. my soraka cant hill me bcuz they cannt click on me when menions are in my way so i have to go run out of the menions and go miss moar gold so i can have healings. all the ultamit spells need buttons so i know if jarvin can jump on me because if he can jump on me, i would't try to kill it!! i need to see a picture so i know when jarvin has ulti!   riot needs a button to show us everyone gold. I alwayz telln my team that we are win but they dont know bcuz they cant count dragon+tower+menions and they think we losing and they dont fight. i would always win if they know i have all the golds!
0	I tried out these Pringles Fat-Free chips because they were super low-cal. BBQ flavor. the fuck.   The can said they had 70 calories per serving, which meant the whole can had 490 calories inside total. I could munch through a can in a day with my lunch, dinner, etc. So I got several cans, and began enjoying one a day for the past four days. But what they dont fucking tell you...   Except in tiny print you cant read without a fucking electron microscope   ...is that the primary ingredient is something called "olean" which I have since learned is Latin for "Unwashable & Indestructible Ass Grease."   Oh Yeah. I'm not even kidding.   So today, while I'm standing in the living room debating whether or not Laundry or Dishes will get done first, I get the urge to fart. I live alone, so sweet. I let the honk loose and its wrong. Something just sounded wrong. I know my own wind, and I have never farted a sound that sounded like a fart wrapped in a pillow.   Oh yes, something was very wrong. I had just shat myself. But this evil olean makes shitting yourself sound almost like a regular fart, and had I not been particularly attentive, it could easily have gone unnoticed, I'm telling you. THAT's how utterly covert and evil this olean stuff is. What the fuck?! What if I'd gone out to hang with friends or gone for a drive, what then?   So I walk carefully to the bathroom and disrobe. before I even sit on the toilet, I wad paper and carefully wipe from the front. Sure enough, it was light brown, and had the texture of soft spackle. You fucking Pringle bastards.   I sat down and pushed a bit, and lo, out came a jet that I didnt even feel an urge for one minute earlier. It piled in the bowl like brown marshmallow fluff.   The problem rose when I tried to wipe. I went through a whole fucking roll of TP and could not get it all off me.   So I jumped in the shower. Yep, its gross, but it had to be done. There I stood, water pouring down, cheeks spread, and using my own hand to make certain I'm clean.   That was when I discovered that after using my hand to wipe myself (before I soaped the area) my hand came back covered in some sort of transparent grease. It was so fucking foul. The grease made water bead off my hand. It was tacky too, and very difficult to manage.   So I grabbed the bar of soap and went to work.   You fucking Pringle bastards.   The bar of soap came away coated in grease as well, and would no longer wash. I had to turn the water to hot and massage the soap for five minutes to get it to the point where I could use it again. It took me an hour to get the fucking grease off my pucker. I shudder to think of what its doing INSIDE ME right now, but I will damned sure never eat that shit again.   Fucking Pringle bastards.   This is where the joke about "anal leakage" came from. its real. Fuck Pringles.
0	If  they are going faster than other lanes and  if  they have other cars in front of them then yes, they'll generally get a pass. However, that is not what I'm talking about nor is it the typical situation.   First off, depending on the state the left lane is for passing only anyway. You shouldn't be coasting to Sunday brunch in the far left lane even if you are going faster than other traffic. Once you can move over a lane without being obstructed,  you move over  and keep that lane clear for passing/emergency vehicles.   In other states where it's not as strict, you  should  at least move over if you are impeding traffic and there are no cars in front of you. Those are the people that drive me nuts out here. Fast lane, doing 55mph (or less) with no one in front of them and no one to the right of them but they sit there "cruising" and forcing drives to pass them on the right (not ideal or legal depending on area). They, in-turn, actually cause traffic to jam behind them from all the lane changes and congestion. It only takes one asshole doing this to cause major ripples behind them if you ever look into traffic patterns/studies.
0	Seriously? You are butthurt because your parents go on camping trips without you, and don't help with your college finances? What else do you feel you deserve, just because? I am so goddamn embarrassed of my generation it makes me actually cringe when I think about it. Your folks coddled you too much and didn't beat you near enough what you deserve.
0	This has been my experience searching for a job. What I've tried to do is make connections with those potential bosses even if I don't get a job. What I've heard from one of them is that with the economy being the way it is, there are so many people applying for a job that they can find that person that perfectly fits their job description requirements. In a normal economy, they would have to settle for the best out of the few, even if that meant no experience, rather than hand select one from tens or hundreds of applicants. Despite how hard it is to not make it personal and curse the employer for not picking you because of your limited experience, they are just making the decision that's best for them.
1	Wow really liked it, would watch if u make a "
1	the tower is taken and I'm compelled to wander the map trying to get a few more kills before I start taking tons of damage in fights.   I think the first thing you need to do is stop and question yourself.  What function do towers serve in-game?  Well, obviously they are great to camp under when an enemy is trying to gank you.  So they offer protection.  That's #1.  They are also the most outer defenses of your base.  So they preserve.  That's #2.  Those are the obvious things.   However, to really be effective at pushing lanes, you need to get an idea of the slightly less obvious uses for turrets.  For starters, they prevent enemies from kiting you through the long outer lanes.  If they try to jump you between towers, and then b to their lane, they're going to almost certainly take 2-5 tower hits, which is more than enough to kill most early game champions, especially if you're doing anything to hasten their demise.  So they not only extend your lanes to the edge of their firing range, they also allow for overlapping defenses at your 2nd tower, due to the fact that the enemy (if he's in your jungle) has to stay there if he values his health.  This is especially important for the next point.   Towers allow for map control.  Ever played Starcraft 2?  Your towers are like super xel-nagas.  They give you vision, keep waves of minions away, AND deal damage.  Take two evenly matched teams, give one of them all of their 1st and 2nd towers, and the other team only their inhibitor turrets.  The latter team is going to be  movement restricted  for the entire game unless they severely outplay their counterparts.   It seems like you are getting caught in no-mans land without a clear objective after taking down your first turret. Well, the first thing you want to do is make sure that yours stays up.  Sure, if you meet 3-4 enemy champs clashing down on you, don't try to save it, but otherwise, it is still your job to push that lane.  The good news is that it's infinitely easier now, since your enemy won't have a tower to fall back on.  Catch him with some hard CC and you have much greater chances for a free kill.  This means he's more at risk if he pokes out of the range of his own turret, and it shifts the "middle ground" of combat from between your two turrets to just ahead of where his previous turret was (if their mid is also down, then it shifts the mid-ground to the turret or past it).  Basically this allows you to be much more aggressive with the added threat of that cannon firing away at your opponents, as long as you don't overextend.  Ask yourself the question:  When you lose a tower before the enemy -- how do YOU feel?  What does it stop you from doing well in the early to mid game?  Chances are the other guy feels the same way when it happens to him.  Use that knowledge to bully his positioning.  You can stay in your lane still unless someone is calling for help, at which point you can hustle down to try to get a gank or push back another lane.  Hopefully you're last hitting, because if you are, you should be getting more gold than your laning opponent, which means you can easily push your lane again when you need to go back to it.  Farming is so essential in this case to putting you into a prime spot at midgame to be a terror.  5-1-2 should be more than enough, though, so lets look at some other aspects than just sitting in your lane killing stuff.   If your lane is still being pushed properly, well, it's time to relocate.  Pick up any jungles that haven't been taken out for a while (if your jungler is active maybe not, but usually at this point there is too much going on for him to care about a couple of camps) and saunter down to mid lane.  If you've got hard CC, initiate on the other mid when they are hanging out near that precious midpoint.  If you don't, let your fellow mid stun them, then come barreling out of the brush and hit the other mid for everything you can.  Even if you don't kill them, you're going to zone them out of the lane (push them far from their creeps) and they are going to get robbed of XP and last hits.  Just because you don't get a kill doesn't mean it's a failed attempt if you can control the lane.  Afterward, either push the turret to kill it, or go hunting again (don't sit around and steal xp/gold from your carry!  They won't like it!).  Now the mid has to think that you're going to be nearby and they'll have to play super-passively until you reappear elsewhere on the map.  Either stick around if the other mid brazenly pops back out, go to the opposite lane for a 2v1 or 3v2 in your favor, or go farm back up in your lane.  Remember:  With a tower down you're limiting the # of places an enemy can be, especially if you start actively warding their side or in the river!   If you're getting separated, well, stop for a moment and consider why you got separated.  Did you engage at a spot on the map where there were two equally viable backing areas for your team?  Or did you overextend?  These are positional questions that only good coaching or a better map sense will resolve.  I used to get caught out by myself ALL THE TIME.  This was also when I was the kind of player that would wait for a teamfight to start and immediately think, "NUKE NUKE NUKE" instead of waiting to use my stun/damage when it can be pivotal to the entire fight.  Now it hardly ever happens because I don't look to get kills, but instead to control the engagement so that my team wins the teamfight.  If it's a 5v5 and an opponent is trying to limp out of battle, don't chase him unless you KNOW you can kill them and still get back.  Why risk it?  Stay in the battle and it's suddenly 4v5 in your favor.  You should win that every time.   Enemy focusing you?  That's great.  That means you're a threat.  It also means you NEED TO STAY ALIVE in a teamfight because your team is going to depend on your CC/damage.  Play a little more back.  Remember, the threat of your attacks and stuns are almost greater in a 5v5 than the actual use of the skills themselves.  Once you trigger your stun, the other team knows they have to start focusing or they die.  But holding back means they have to be individually wary, and a lot of time you'll be able to pick off a Veigar or Lux who's just trying to get that one nicely placed skill shot in and wanders away from their tank by just 300-400 range.  What would you rather face:  5 champions who all are uniformly thinking, "Kill!" or 5 individual champions all moving around haphazardly, trying to get lucky pokes in while skirting as much damage as possible?
0	Patching WoW and auto-downloads from steam sometimes don't play nice.  I tried this one time and spent 5 hours trying to trick her computer's steam into thinking it had already downloaded a game.
0	One of my company's competitors was sued because one of their development engineering department's was all male.... and just to point it out -  just the development engineers  in that one department.... So out the whole (I think Knee) department that  also  encompasses all of knee marketing, knee quality, knee manufacturing, and knee regulatory/affairs, just because the 7 development engineers were all male the company lost the lawsuit.... and that was just one department; the company also has hips, extremites, trauma, etc.... but just because that  one  group of engineers out of the company was all male, the company had to pay out their ass.   The only reason I know about this is because after it happened, all of the other companies, mine included, went super-overboard on hiring women and minorities. Over the course of a year I went from my department being 6 guys + 1 girl, to 2 guys + 4 girls of all ethnicities.... And the sad part is that after getting to know them, they were completely aware of why they were hired.
1	Sometimes i rage too,but only 1 game and thats because of my mood or my day or something BUT I NEVER FLAME IN CHAT i just think it in my mind and i still say GJ when somebody did good or won his lane.If u wanna get better in rankeds you need to be a good person to your team maybe they had a bad day and they just look for somebody who will rage at them to rage back
1	I'm gonna hijack this post to post what i think about this, for most people, the problem is not that ahri does less or more damage, every one of the other popular champs also got a slap on the wrist.   The main problem is how much it changes her playstyle, and yes you may argue OH WELL NOW SHE'S HIGH SKILL CAP, that's not the problem the problem is that ahri is now a full on assassin, she wasn't, she was half mage half assassin (thanks to dfg >_> ).  Now even tho i don't mind the assassin playstyle, its not what ahri was, i personally will probably stop playing ahri, even if she's just as strong as before, simply because i don't find her playstyle that fun anymore, i was never an assassin player, and in this assassin meta, i pretty much played ahri and orianna exclusively mid because they were the only champs i felt good on that fit the meta.   now i hope the assassin meta gets destroyed because im pretty much left with only ori (a champ safe enough that even assassins can't own her in lane).
0	Worst kind of person. As a heavily tattooed person and tattooer, I do almost anything I can to break the stereotypes surrounding tattoos. I have had several first time clients come into the shop expecting to slayer to be blasting, harley parts to be spewed about, smelling of weed, while some sketchy dude working the front desk is bagging up cocaine to sell out the back, occult shit everywhere and their tattooist to be hopped up on speed. Much to their suprise, it's not like this. The other day I was in walmart and noticed a old lady struggling to put some heavy items into her car. I went over to help and to say she was apprehensive at first would be an understatement. I feel by doing things like this, it helps change the way people view/think about tattooed people. I like to think her's did that day, once she realized I was legitimately interested in helping her and wasn't trying to steal her purse.   Protip for tattooed people: first of all, don't be an asshole. People are looking and staring because they are curious. Perhaps about the meaning of your tattoos, whether or not they hurt etc. when I catch someone that I can tell is intrigued, I'll initiate the conversation by saying something light hearted like " I bet you're wondering which one hurt the most.." This is a great way to be inviting an open the floor for conversation. Even if it weren't how my bread is buttered, I'd still do whatever I could to help break the stigma surrounding tattoos.
0	I'll agree to disagree.   Just think about it this way; Mentally handicapped programs are good, but not all mentally handicapped people will get anything good from them. Because not all mentally handicapped people have the same handicap, they are all different, and unique in the way that they learn.   This is the same as any other situation with any other group of people. Every person is different, no program can honestly absolutely cover every single person, but the fact that the program exists is a good thing.
1	I'll piggyback on your post for visibility.   Dexter was just told about this on stream by C9 Agent and Shiptur.  I got a few screenshots.   [part 1](   [part 2](   [part 3](   [part 4](   [part 5](   Probably trolling though.   They are on teamspeak right now talking about it occasionally.    They said tonight is the deadline for LCS rosters, so we'll know soon.
1	Begin by watching streams from pros or other top streamers when you have nothing else to do. Honestly it was the biggest way I learned to ward, when to ward, jungler paths, how likely am I to be ganked, when to push, when to freeze, etc. Obviously, you won't and shouldn't learn all the details of the game as you are so new to it, but watching is the one of the better ways to learn.   Another method of learning is just playing normals. It sounds kind of stupid, but its really the best way. If you lose lane, or make a mistake, you won't have to worry about losing lp or anything, and you can focus on why you made that mistake and how to fix it.   Don't focus on getting kills as much as I am being led to believe you are. Kills do not win this game. Objectives, gold, and well timed kills do. If you can zone your lane opponent from farming without dying to the jungler ganks, you are winning lane. Kills will happen once you better understand the damage, strengths, and weaknesses of a champion and its matchup. Also keeping timers of dragon (6 min respawn) and baron (7 min respawn) when you have the time slain is a basic skill you can easily do. It'll also help your team be more objective based as well.
1	I really didn't read chat you just wrote, but I saw something about name calling and the open discussion. I said I'd discuss it, you weren't discussing it, you just said "You're ignorant."
0	People seem to think it's way deeper than it actually is.  I've seen it and bought it for my nieces to see because they're too young to go to the theatre, but I'm not a huge fan of it, mostly because of the frantic, overly-obsessive enthusiasm some people show when you mention the word  Frozen .  (This is often followed by song lyrics that I don't know or a video of their child singing "Let It Go.")  It's not a terrible movie, but people are trying to tie it into other storylines that it has no business being in.  I heard some crazy theory that their parents are actually Tarzan's parents and that their ship is the same one Ariel was swimming through in  The Little Mermaid .  There's other stuff, but those were the ones I remembered.
1	Not that most of you guys care, but I have met Regi a couple of times at various places and he was always super nice to everyone. I don't think many of you all realize that he and /u/Hotshotgg pretty much literally created the League pro scene. There were times before it was heavily monetized where the teams would get dinner and no one would have money and they would pick up the tabs for their friends/players. Really nice people despite what you think.   I would bet money that not a single person on this forum has gone through life without having a moment where they were an asshole/rude/angry that was maybe unjustifiable or excessive, Regi's only downfall was doing it on a stream. Dyrus has said this before but none of you really understand how much Regi has done for this scene, and you've basically scared him into a position where he has to operate behind a curtain to further TSM's interests.
1	Pretty off-topic, but I just wanted to add some info about Xerath: He was a crazy mage and made himself purely arcane to get insane arcane power, other mages were afraid that he would get voilent and imprisoned him in what you now see as his "armor", except it wasn't shattered of course. When Xerath broke out the mages have been dead for a long time, so he seeked out sources of magic: the nexuses.   Now here's the reason he's in League: The nexuses are guarded by summoners and Xerath believes that if he gains the trust of them he can get them to help him or let him use the nexuses to get out of his prison/armor so that he can unleash his full potential.   I still don't get why he doesn't zap them all and just does it himself, what can summoners do about this imprisonment-spell that Xerath can't? He doesn't seem like the guy who prefers to do it slow and friendly.   EDIT:
1	from my personal experience i would say that orianna definitely has the 1v1 advantage especially pre 6 but even after i would say that it is the orianna's lane to lose. Morgana bind cant go through minions but if you land a bind you will win trades on ori but the problem is actually being able to land one, other than binds morgana basically has zero ways to harass orianna where as ori can just q w e aa morg all day. If i see this matchup as a jungler on either side i would understand that it is primarily a jungler influenced matchup because morg has enough sustain to stick around before ori gets items and ori is hard to touch with morg alone.
0	Kickass comeback! With all that you did and the relatives that confessed as well, I hardly can say that he got away with it. In the eyes of the justice system, yes, but he had to go through everyone knowing what he did. And really, once you hear something like that whether you believe it or not you still can't look at someone the same way.   I was lucky in a way to be able to get some form of lawful justice for a situation of mine that was minor compared to anything physical, but the guy never saw jail time. Just a lot of therapy, restraining orders, supervised visits (not to me, just if he was going to be near anyone under 18), and parole (and that was for more than just what he did to me). I like to think he really got what he deserved knowing that his family knew about it, that my friends' families knew, that my mom couldn't look at him anymore (they were dating), and it was difficult for him to find a job afterwards too since he was a listed sex offender. Karma may have taken it too far with the cancer thing but I blame that on the alcoholism.
0	That's not how genetics work.  Gingers will be extinct if gingers and carriers of the ginger gene stop having kids.  What's happening is that there are less and less gingers because the ginger gene is being spread out over the population.  If two gingers have kids, all of their kids will be gingers; if a ginger and someone without the gene have kids, all the kids will be non-ginger, but carry the gene; if two ginger carriers have kids, 1/4 will be ginger, 2/4 will be carriers, and 1/4 will be non-ginger; if a non-ginger and a carrier have kids, half will be carriers, half won't; and if a ginger and a carrier have kids, half will be ginger, and half will be carriers.
1	no this is nonsense, there's a reason every pro will tell you there's no talent in western soloq, I could never in 5 million years make it into the LCS if high D1 is the highest I can reach. You gotta be able to AT LEAST EASILY hit top 10 challenger to even have a shot at POTENTIALLY being good.   Obviously D1 players are like top 1% and thus better than golds or plats but they are still shit. There's a reason why lm_ls (last shadow), a guy who is barely d1 in korea is paid hundreds of dollars to coach EUW and NA top tier challenger players.   Because they dont actually understand the game, they are either one trick ponies or just have some mechanical skill. No one gets to high elo because he has such a good grasp on wave control, or rotations, or team comps or picks and bans. It's all raw mechanics.
1	Now I've read most of the points in this thread...  and I've played HoN before I played LoL...   TBH it's been along time since I played HoN, but I do still follow some of the higher lvl of gameplay.   so I just gonna spread my thoughts and go over your cons:   1) I think runes brings alot to the game, can change your play style alot, depending on your runes and masteries. So two ppl can play the same champ, and use em diff early game, coz of the runes and masteries, where HoN you are locked to A champ with the same stats every single time. Yeah its hell getting the IP for the runes and champs, but LoL needs some way of making money.   2) looking at high lvl play: HoN got rune control, LoL got buff control, you will often see a lvl 1 team fight, to ensure your own buffs, or make sure the other teams jungler don't get theirs. how you play the laning phase in LoL compaired to HoN. HoN is prop more about ganking, where LoL is more about lane control. Their is "denis" in LoL, its just much harder to do, with much bigger risk. If you can push the other team out of XP range, will normely mean you are in position to get ganked, and with a jungler allways missing, you have to play carefull, or you are pretty muched dead. (I take the last point of argument 4 in here) LoL got a free blue pill back to base, HoN got a bird flying around delivering your iteams to you so you never have to leave the lane, you can buy the summoner spell teleport in HoN, with I belive 30 sec CD? can't rember. so this mean in HoN every single person on the team got a teleport on em, so much less risk of losing a tower if you have all 5 ppl pushing one tower. So maybe you have a free tp to base, but you wont see 5 tp in any team in LoL...   3) Hmm.. Their will allways be an optimal build for every champ, depending on the team you are fighting agaist. but then again, there are many champs in LoL their can be build, ap ad as or hybrid. depeding on your own play style. Let's take Teemo as an exp. You can see this champ in 3 diff games, with 3 completly diff builds, and works fine either way.  what I don't like about HoN on this point talking about casters. They got a fixed stat on the amount of dmg they can do with their spells. witch means that late game, the dmg out put on a caster in HoN pretty much dosen't mather, casters are early game dmg, and CC. In LoL a caster can carry the team, and have high dmg in the end game to.   4) Not hardcore enought? Hmm... as you say that is an opinion. I think that LoL is more competetiv than HoN. My reason for this is, that LoL is much more team based, yes you can see a fed carry kill allmost a whole team, both you won't see a fed carry do this alone. I've seen replays of HoN where a fed carry can pretty much solo a whole team.   5) (yes I know you got no 5th point, but I haven't talked about gold lose on death)  This is something I really hated about HoN when I started out, i was a Noob and wassen't sure what I was doing, so I died alot = I had no gold to spend on anything. LoL is much more friendly to newer players.  and this also aloves you to go for a kill that you might not get, without thinking... "Can I take this risk, I don't wanna lose my gold" = more action.
1	I play bots mostly due to my experiences in normal games.  I'm not a bad player, I've just seen enough immature idiots who ruin my experience to justify not playing normals again.  I don't seem to get that  as much  in bot games.   As for the 'KS' problem you guys seem to be talking about, it varies based on the person.  Some people think you're KSing if you're in their lane, others only whine if you're blatantly KSing (they do all the damage, you snipe last hit).  I'm fine with people helping out in my lane, I do it too if I'm steamrolling, but I do call people out if they're just going around sniping last hits from people capable of finishing it on their own.  It's not so much because it's a point contest, but because it's just bad manners.  People play to have fun, and it's no fun to work a champ down to 100 hp or less and have someone ghost in and pop them off when you could have just as easily killed them on your own.  I don't rage-panda though, which helps things not escalate.   Bot games are inherently less competitive, and I've never claimed to be amazing b/c of my performance against bots, but I also dislike people raging because I choose to play bots over people.  To each their own, move on.   To OP: Jungling is perfectly legit in bot games, I've been playing WW quite a bit lately and I usually don't get too many complaints.  Some people are just a little high strung, don't let them get to you, there are sensible bot players out there :)
0	You know, I think this is is just super Meta, like it's obviously the UNpopular Opinion Puffin, so in Op's opinion he is using the Puffing in an Unpopular way, making this meme popular by using it correctly. ^1 Ipso facto, he is using it in the Unpopular way, which is how it should be used, seeing as it is the Unpopular Opinion Puffin. Perhaps it is just an Opinion Puffin who happens to be Unpopular, who says it is the Opinion which is Unpopular?
1	I agree that Saint can sometimes be a bitch towards his teammates when they fail, but the entire saint/ele thing goes way deeper.   This might come off as heavily biased (which it might be) so take it with a grain o' salt. I also dont feel like digging through the depths of youtube or go through endless comments so i perfectly understand if some of you think i'm making some of it up, and il gladly be proven wrong if someone wants to go digging.   Anyways here goes; As mentioned Saint do like to call people out on their mistakes and may dwelve in them a bit too much. That being said i think most of us can relate to the whole "Man - if this guy had just played this out a little better we would have won"-mentality. So in the heat of the moment you might say some things and some people are worse at controlling their emotions - Saint is imo in this category.   With this established you'd think that Saint gave the same amount of shit to everyone but it is clear that Elementz got a lot more shit than the rest. The reasoning for this distorts from one thing. Elementz failling to admit that he fucked up or come clean on his flaws.   Back in the days (when Ele was on CLG) i was a big time fan of the guy and watched/read anything that i could get my hands on (The glorious tier lists!). I used to think that his word was the law and that he was one of the greatest league players ever. Come season 2 i am sitting at 1800 elo and playing at roughly the same level as Elementz (admittedly i am on EU, so never played with him), and i was baffled why he was at this sucky elo compared to the rest of the pro players were (almost) all well above 2k. At this point most of his facebook comments/updates would be about him bitching over getting trolled in soloqueue. I understand that he would obviously get more trolls in the average game than most others, but the fact that he just brushed of most questions about him being much lower seeded than the rest of his fellow pro players baffled me. From this point it went from bad to worse for Elementz but it's like he still didn't get the memo - that he wasn't the best and that he needed to improve (i'll touch on this further down).   The transition from CLG to Curse is a blur for me, but when Saint and Elementz got picked up by CRS i thought things would finally start going their way. Although most teams have a bumpy start I think that we can agree that the Curse botlane was a lot weaker than the other teams botlanes. A few steps down the road i remember watching a vlog with Elementz saying something along the lines of "I know back when i was on CLG i used to think that i was the best and that it was clearly holding me back, since i didn't think i needed to improve, i know now that i was clearly wrong..." I think to myself - GREAT, he finally got it then the fucker winds the whole vlog of with saying "I feel like Cop and i are definitely the strongest botlane in NA and that we can beat most botlanes when we play at our best." What. The. Fuck. The man just admitted that he used to see himself as the best and that it was a mistake. Him and Cop are losing most of their matchups in season 2 and yet he has the nerve to say that they are better than the rest.   Now things got a lot better for them season 3 (They still halted behind with their botlane but i think they had a moment of clarity somewhere along the way), however i can understand that Saint holds a grudge. When someone fucks up and you call them out on it and they just make some other excuse for that happening, it must really begin to grind your gears.   So when you add a bit of easily irritated Saintvicious, a hint of not wanting to improve, and a sprinkle of harsh language and just let it simmer for a good year, you would have the mixture called Saint-Ele relationship.   What i'm trying to say is that - yes Saint gives people too much crap and should probably try to ease down on the blaming, but at the same time the anger towards Ele is probably a little deeper than the average "Goddamn Cop you suck!".
1	Very easy to counter. Basically, even in blind pick, chances are the other team has a counter to kat (stuns, silences, knockups, knockbacks). In Draft Pick you might actually get a chance to see her, IF one of the teams has none of the above cc, and she gets lastpicked.   On the other hand, someone might be really dumb and first pick kat, like it happened to me the other day, so I just lastpicked Annie and long story short, we won :)
1	Because it is a little rare for true Ap casters to get spellvamp. If Brand or Annie picks one up it almost always their last item and they only go for one. However Ap's that use melee stack it often and in some cases go for the same item multiple times. Those champs have been overpowered with it because it normally adds so much sustain. Examples would be Akali (kind of more how it scales with her passive), Morde (he is a beast when he is out of his now weak early game) and Jax (When combined with Guinsoo's Rageblade he is hard to lodge from your ad's without multiple Ap's focusing him down).   It's these champs who benefit from both the spellvamp and lifesteal that are deadly because they have the burst of and ap and after their burst they still beat on you with melee attacks.   Compared to that lifesteal is not as good for Ad's because they use it as a way to top themselves up in teamfights when they get aoe'd down. If they are targeted they can't just turn around and heal for 60% of their hp while killing your carry. The exception are the carry's who have hit the late game stage (5-6 items) and crit for 800 and heal for 400, but by that stage of the game the Ad carries are meant to be unstoppable killing machines that deal most of your teams damage.
1	So many people think they know everything in every game, therefore at any age of a game (from new to 4 years old or more) you have these people. So it doesn't really matter when you start. The main thing is the basics that you have to pick up, but any game has a learning curve for the basics to its no different, its just that you will be playing with MORE people who actually know the basics than some game that came out yesterday.
0	What is going on? Are you having a laugh?   This conversation started by  you  stating that it could've been another person who called him a pervert. I explained to you that OP made clear that she called him out on it.   Now all of the sudden you're arguing about the format of the meme, which is extremely irrelevant. Whether it's in the second or third person, he's still referring to  her  calling him out on it.   You started it. I replied. You then changed the subject to the format of the meme. To which I replied again. And yet here you are calling  me  adamant and to relax.   I am relaxed. I am just extremely confused as to what is going on. It really seems like you're either having a laugh or just wanted to argue for the sake of arguing, hence you keep on stating irrelevant stuff.   Let me
0	I wish I could upvote this more!   When I was overweight, anything said about fat people was suddenly a blow against me. Now that I am in shape and feel hot, I look back and am almost disgusted by what I was.   Back when I was fat, I constantly made excuses as to why I wasn't healthy. I wanted everyone else to change and society's views to change so that I was the hot one that everyone wanted. I still cannot believe how incredibly selfish I used to be. Instead of seeing the faults within myself, everyone else was at fault. The gall of me refusing to even accept a miniscule amount of responsibility for the state I was in, is just extradoronary to me.   As I got nearer to college, I realized that when I got to college, I did not want to be the fat girl in the dorm hall who got chuckled at, I did not want to be the girl who cried and was afraid to talk to people, and most of all,  I did not want to be the girl who could not accept blame and improve upon her faults. With those realizations, I started working hard and trying yo improve myself.   I am now 120lbs, 55lbs down. I am happy with myself and honestly, just a better person. I stopped slacking off in school and telling myself the reason I did not do well is because the teacher doesn't like me. I stopped being jealous of other people and started loving me.  I love every day and everyday I find a reason to be happy. I honestly do not think I would be as happy if I did not lose the weight.
0	It can't be overstated how unscientific that study was. L. David Mech's study, which effectively lead to the creation of dominance theory, consisted of wolves randomly thrown together. Wolf "packs" in the wild are just families, where the "alpha" male and female are the parents, and he has since changed his stance on those findings.   Now, Dr. Mech  has  said that unrelated wolves in a group will eventually create a pecking order, so "dominance" isn't non-existent; it just doesn't occur in the wild. The only exception is when you might have multiple breeding females (one will be "alpha"), but even that is exceptionally rare.   In addition to dominance theory being faulty, perhaps the biggest mistake people make is applying that theory to dogs. This might be news to some people, but  dogs are not wolves . Whether they're descended from wolves, or simply share a common ancestor, it's incorrect to expect that their behavior would be the same. When you see a dog being aggressive towards another dog, say, at a dog park, it isn't "dominance"; it's bullying, plain and simple.   Lastly,  dogs are not humans  (this also may be news to some readers). You aren't going to "dominate" your dog when you're an entirely different species. You're a provider and a necessity, and if you do things right, you will be a  joy  for your dog.
1	Swain enthusiast here, just dropping in to point out that Karthus E does more damage than Swain's ult (even on an optimal number of targets - 3 or less) coupled with the fact that without Karthus's passive Swain can't itemise for heavy AP like Karthus can.
0	I up voted you because I feel you raise a good point regarding /u/Dayanx's comment which should be clarified.   I would agree that the political and voting system themselves aren't being rigged they're fine at the voter level. I would argue that those systems are corrupted at the candidate level. By that I mean that as a byproduct of having groups with vast financial power that are allowed to funnel money and favors into the political system they are able to corrupt an otherwise good system.
0	No matter what someone tries to tell you, women's clothes have changed over time for the purpose of looking better to game the gene pool - accenting curves/legs/etc - a better mate that is attracted makes for better lineage. Men clothes have always been for the purpose of comfort/defense or to be respectfully well presented - all of those being quite unisex traits.   Whether someone subjectively believe it or not, the common man is not "beautiful" especially in the modern day when the gym is more of a health necessity than being fit which is a luxury and a hobby and there's no need to argue otherwise. Even when men do want to express their attractiveness it would be through showing their muscles with tank tops or short sleeves and their outgoing-ness with easy to move in clothing. Simply because those are the traits the majority of women unconsciously or not find attractive.   It's important to not forget that some things we do because "some dude said so" and some because of how we evolved. It's still leftover in our DNA that men are strong to protect their family and women need to be healthy and well built to bear children. This is not something we can make go away by "well, there's no need for these things to exist, we live in modern age". It will slowly go away as our genetic code is programmed that there's no need to be strong when there's no conflict and that not only the healthy women can give birth, but through doctors assistance even those who normally wouldn't be able.
0	in my defense, this is the very first time i've ever browsed reddit on a computer. i've always been mobile, and never read comments. where i'm from, its hard to meet people who share common interests/sense of humor with me. i've always seen reddit in a lighthearted view, and browse it to get a good laugh when i'm having a bad day.   i was very naive, and just assumed that he'd be an ok guy to hang out with & grab a drink. i never imagined it would go the way it did.
0	Having a sister who is auditioning and on her way to getting into a ballet company in the coming years I have to say I disagree with your statement.   She has accepted that she won't make much money but she doesn't really care, having grown up without much money she is used to it. Her passion is ballet and she would not be happy in any other field. The problem with making it a hobby is that you will always be stuck at something-something's little dance school. There will be a point where you aren't challenged anymore, but because you keep it a hobby you are stuck.
1	While I don't main vayne, I do main support and its very rare that I ever lose to a vayne match up as I feel that you can just abuse her early game, just harass when she tries to cs and then eventually just zone her depending on how good her support is. Like aphro says you have to show presence, you can't play passive vs vayne.I like starting doran's shield vs Vayne even despite the nerfs. You still want it as you look to be aggressive however only on melee supports, leo etc. When playing against vayne you should try to abuse her early and get 2 asap. She loses early to almost all adc due to her small range and early reliance on tumble to trade well, you should abuse this. Poke her down so she can't engage when her support does and be weary when she hits 6,  especially if she is playing with a strong all in support.   Try and play aggressive supports as she is extremely susceptible to cc, especially those that have a good all in at level 6 or who can get a pick on her early. So who I consider the elite 4 of supports being Morgana, Leona, thresh and Annie all have very good level 6. Also don't be afraid to rush pink wards once she hits 6 if you know that your adc wants to go aggressive. I feel she is particular weak against Annie and Leo who can burst her down pretty much by themselves and keep her cc'd long enough, so she can no longer engage and will have to back off.   When playing with a Vayne try to play a bit passive early or at least try and allow her to farm up a bit i feel when she hits 3/4 then you can start going aggressive, but only if it is safe to do so as if the enemy adc and support know how to play against a vayne then they should be winning that lane. It is basically your job as support to see that vayne isn't killed and has as much farm as possible when coming out of the laning phase as she out scales pretty much all other adcs. If you do win lane then even better. I really like playing thresh with vayne as he can pretty much guarantee her a kill at 6 as he just locks up the enemy team and the burst damage from that combo is surprising as well as the sustained damage and the ability to cc them for extended periods of time. Thresh also provides vayne with a good escape and also tools to allow her to farm early. If you do play thresh a good build is the 40% cdr one it allows for your hook to be up like ever 3ish seconds provided you hit it and 7.2 if you don't. This is extremely good for team fights and allows you to peel for you adc so well. I really recommend that build.
0	I'm with you there /u/deathbybrownies... Personally, I believe that people make light of death and calamities like that to make it okay for them. Think about death, it is literally the point at which we stop existing. We will never touch, breathe, feel, or think again. How would anyone be okay with that?! It is inevitable!! There is no way to escape it! So if you  can't escape it, act like it isn't a big deal. Pretend that you are not afraid of the end, and put up the facade that it really isn't that big of a deal, then maybe it won't be as scary. That's my take on it anyway.
0	about 2 weeks ago when my neighbors, a couple who im very cool with, were in the process of moving out and the caught a flat tire. The girl calls the HONDA DEALERSHIP, to come and fix the flat. me and my girlfriend come back from getting frozen yogurt, and our neighbor is literally crying in the parking lot for our building.   Turns out she has to be somewhere severely important in an hour, and the mechanic they sent would be there in a little more an hour. So I go upstairs to my apt and drop some things off and come down to try and help a little, maybe even try to get it all done. As im helping her i slowy realize she: A) Didnt know where the jack in her car was. 2) Didnt know she even had a spare(donut). And Gamma) Had never read her owners manual.   I was just so dumbfounded and she wasnt even paying attention while i was trying to teach her! UGH. i mean im 28 and she and her boyfriend are 23 but STILL. he apparently wasnt helping i found later because he doesnt know how to change one either! i couldnt imagine them on a lone highway at night and that happening...
1	That's still like 3 times worse than previously, previously you didn't have to instantly Q, since they were silenced for 1 second, (btw the point of my comment was making fun of the 0.1 SECOND slow), you could just Auto - W - Tiamat/Hydra proc - Q and still deal a bunch of damage... I don't see why people are desperately trying to "find" something about this that made him remotely useful in any other way...
1	Actually, fun fact- If Kegan Rodhe ate tons of fish growing up, he could likely have been dark-skinned.   Melanin (the stuff that makes you look darker) actually blocks UV rays. This also explains why people who tan in the sun don't get as many sunburns. However, melanin also blocks vitamin D production that you get from UV rays. Womp womp.   So why are people like the Inuits so dark-skinned despite living in the far north?   It's the food they eat. Inuit peoples are used to eating fish incredibly high in fatty oils and vitamin D, so their skin doesn't have to be pale. Because they don't have to absorb as much vitamin D, they could afford to be dark-skinned.
1	I've started to main jungle because I feel like I can lead my team to victory the most with that role. Especially with Jarvan as I tend to play. He also works with almost everyone and is great at coming back from a loss to secure a win from behind. I've got a 72.5% win ratio with him now this season from 51 games :)   I used to main ADC or Mid, but I've not played mid a lot because it's the most taken spot by anyone, friends or randoms. So I tend to give it to people who want to play it and main it, that way they are satisfied and will hopefully play their best.   I am probably a better ADC than most people I play with at my level, but unless you are super fed as ADC you can generally not initiate or lead your team into good situations, can also often not help your other teammates as you have to focus on yourself and try to survive the onslaught from the enemy who all try to focus you. You also get blamed for not focusing the enemy ADC or AP, and I've grown tired of trying to explain to my teammates how an ADC has to play and that he can't just run past Zac, Zed and Leona to get to Caitlyn.   I'm also a decent support as mainly Sona (74.1% win ratio from 27 games) and the ADC I have the highest win ratio with is Varus (62.5% from 32 games). I guess I like both of those cause they actually can initiate. :)
1	Good.   Nice article, much apreciated . Now please make one for mechanics :( I recently started playing with my friends who just joined LoL. They freak Dota all the time, but still its apparantly quite different from LoL. I find it hard to focus on my own gameplay and guide them on what to build, when to farm, roam, push, objectives etc. Its simply impossible to play well myself when i think about their every move. A guide about mechanics and decisionmaking would be nice :)
1	I feel junglers get more and more like end of S1 - Beginnning of S2 support. Back then literally no one played sustain or traditonal supports hardly considering it was still new to the overall meta. Now as I climb up in silver I find myself jungling more and more because everyone hates to jungle for the simple fact that it's always the jungle fault if a lane over extends and losing. ALWAYS.   Just some examples correct me if I'm wrong.   Duo Q - I had to jungle instead of ADC with my Duo who was support. I was like ok I will jungle to cordinate ganks with him over Comms to feed our ADC. Lee Sin jungle - Ganked lvl 2 after taking enemies red and got my ADC a double kill. Sweet I thought, Lvl 4 I tell my buddy that i'm coming bot. As lulu he sets up for a gank - ADC just rushes ahead of him as I'm running there dies instantly but I saved lulu and got a double kill myself. Ok cool I'm 2/0/2 , ADC gets back to lane after blaming lulu for his death.... I gank lvl 6.... ADC sees me go in and tower dives..... He tower dives before I could get there...... I got another kill - 3/0/3 because I got 1 shield on him before tower killed him. I finished this game 3/5/3 or something like this because after that our ADC afk'd because he died 3 times.....and blamed the jungle. Not trying to say because the ADC afk'd is the reason we lost but every lane was winning including mid/top who I just helped them push out of lane since they got kills without me. But I purposely camped bot to feed this ADC and he blamed me for him dieing 3 times.
1	I ran a quick test game (didn't have much time) and recorded my attack speed without any as or cdr runes/masteries.  I've also calculated the stats for Azir's attack speed using both the old formula (which should work if /u/CSDragon is correct) and the stats using the new formula.       Mine   Old   New           .6   .6   .6       .607   .609   .606       .614   .618   .614       .621   .627   .621       .628   .636   .628       .636   .645   .636       .644   .654   .644         I'm just going to assume that this trend continues and that the new formula is correct up to 18 which does, in the end, match up with the old formula stats at .753.   Edit, now with proof:  Ran another custom game, got to level 9 with 40% cdr:   .6 * (10.1% [as/lvl at 9 with new formula] + 50% [passive]) = .9606 which when rounded up is .961, which is what I got in-game.
1	His main strength is having the best base attack speed in the game (apart from Alchemist in ultimate) and also being incredibly hard to kill as he has high armour and a passive spell that grants him practically magic damage immunity permanently. Combine unkillable (Late game) and kills everything.
1	A guy with a shaco skin decided to go lane AP shaco down bot, so I thought "hey I will go blitz, that could work".   So as the game started, and this guy is talking about how he has 1500 wins. I decide to have some fun and begin roleplaying as a robot, finishing all my sentences as "beep boop" and answering questions and statements as "negative" or "affirmative".   The minions roll out, and Shaco places 3 boxes in the bot river lane. I see an oppertunity and run to the boxes for a grab on the enemy mumu. I miss and it grabs the only minion in the area. It sets off the boxes and Shaco decides to deceive and run in (no idea why), so I head in. He dies, I escape.   Then it begins.   "OMG BLITZCRANK YOU SO BAD YOU CANT EVEN GRAB UR JUST TROLLING ME U [insert every word]"   "ITS GG GUYS, IM FEEDING, FREE FOOD SHACO FREE FOOD CUS BLITZ TROLL"   So he feeds for about 6 deaths, and rage quits. Annnnd we lose. Mumu and my team reports shaco, and 3 of their team do the whole "I'm not reporting because we won".
0	Over 80% of the people I interact with on a daily basis learned English as a second (or third, or fourth) language and I'm going to have to disagree with you about those sorts of mistakes.  They make those mistakes ALL THE TIME.  Many people learn English through watching television, and in that case you don't see it written so you may have perfect conversational skills but not so great spelling and proper grammar.   As a caveat, the people I deal with are academics.  So the native speakers I know speak English very properly and to an extent formally, and the non-natives speak English incredibly well.  So, in my experience, stacking up the non-natives I know against the natives I know, the natives make fewer mistakes without a shadow of a doubt, BUT stacking up a non-native academic against your average American, the academic can certainly spell better.   So, point is, anyone who speaks and writes English in formal setting on a daily basis is going to (most likely) spell words correctly and use the right form of "there/their/they're".  This may not be your average American, but those kinds of people from countries where they don't speak English don't even learn English, and probably don't spell their own languages very well.
1	I think they don't want to be affiliated with the Olympics or suggest it, because the Olympics has multiple teams just looking for companies or people who are using or even implying word's such as "gold", "olympics", "bronze", "2012" and so on. There has been a lot of incidents in the past few weeks in London, where they are suing grandma's to companies.
1	I know that most people on here disagree about a "true" 1v5, but he did go straight onto the entire enemy team by himself. If you're arguing that the enemy team was damaged, then most other "1v5"s are also bullshit because players are usually damaged from creeps or other fights that may make it easier for them to be killed. I feel like the only true 1v5 is when the enemy team respawns from fountain and simultaneously attacks 1 champion who defeats them all single-handedly with no help from minions or turrets.
0	Yeah dude hate to break it to you but literally all radio set ups/prank calls are fake. It's not a statute that differs state by state, but rather an FCC rule. So if you are broadcasting in the United States on a channel regulated by the FCC, every person you call has to be made aware that they are going to be recorded and broadcasted BEFORE they get on the air (unless it is reasonable to assume that they already know they are being broadcasted). Violations of FCC rules carry crazy big fines per occurrence, per station. So if someone like Ryan Seacrest did a legitimate "war of the roses" bit (same type of shit as this call really), instead of his fake scripted version of it, the show would be fined up to $100,000 for every single of the 150 stations he's syndicated on. It used to be that a show would just be fined $100,000 without multiplying the number of stations the show was syndicated on, so that's why there were many brazen violations happening on big market/syndicated shock-jock style radio shows in the 90s. They would simply pay the 100k and move on. It was really a drop in the bucket. But now that the FCC has started to multiply fines and become even more stringent and vigilant, all major radio groups (eg, Clear Channel, which is the group that owns the show you linked to) have abandoned the concept of edgy radio. [There was a very similar thread on reddit just 3 days ago that can provide even more information](   Also lets pretend for a minute that all of this was perfectly legal (which it isn't). The radio station that did that clip does one of these every single week. It would probably take upwards of 100 hours before you found a believable caller with an actually interesting situation with a credible suspicion. The jocks would be there all day doing just that horseshit. There are even radio shows that do the war of the roses every single fucking day. Same with fake prank phone calls. They hire people to pretend to be a worried husband/wife/prank call victim and pay them to read a script or just make shit up off the top of their head. There are hundreds of these phony set up calls being broadcasted every day in this country, and I can't find a reference to a single lawsuit being filed anywhere relating to this. This is the hackiest, most transparent bullshit in existence. The simple fact that you not only believe it to be true but are actively defending its legitimacy to doubters leads me to believe that you're fucking retarded.   So yeah
1	The question essentially falls to this. Is rehabilitation in Riots interest?   I think that Riot is justified in making an example of him, in order to show that regardless of regret and a humbling effect, breaking the summoners code to such a degree is too grave a violation for it to be forgiven, even if change has been accomplished. They are sending a message to pros, especially the toxic ones. I know diamond used to be extremely toxic, I don't know if it's the case now, but regardless of that, all pros are now very much aware of this and will think twice about becoming repeat offenders.   Furthermore he had been punished many times before, giving him ample time to reform his behavior and he simply didn't. Now that he loses his dream did he become aware that it's not a joke and that being toxic isn't just for fun. I think it's too little too late, but I think the rehabilitation was attempted and found to be inefficient, so riot banned him for life. I think this happens in other sports as well. Overly aggressive players get warned several times, but if they don't change, they get banned from play. This is very applicable here, seeing as according to the judging riot sent out he was warned and punished several times before.
0	Funny-ish anecdote. About 3 years ago, I was retarded & cheated on my wife. (Laughing yet? Why not?) Anyway, the whole trust issues ensued, and one night we were at dinner, and the hostess says, "Hi, I know you...'billy', right? And I, nervously (because I swear I have no idea who she is, but of course that is what I would say to my wife) try to figure out who she is, without my wife flipping out and accusing me of cheating with this hostess. So after a couple of the longest 2 min of my life, she reveals that she worked where I work for about 3 months while I did about a year ago, but was a receptionist, so knew my name, but I didn't know her.
1	Not necessarily. There's only a handful of champs with strong healing-reliant mechanics like Swain/Mundo/Vlad and the vast majority of them are in the crap/unviable/meh tier partly because they can literally be shut down with a single ignite (and Vlad because he's literally the worst designed champ ever). I'm aware of Quick-Silver Sash & Cleanse existing but they have their own specific issues which I can't be bothered to go in-depth on (
0	What luck!   Wife went to her families for thanksgiving while I had to stay home because of work. She called my google voice number while I was getting dressed for work, after I figured out it was an accident I just left it recording and went to work.   While I didn't have time to listen after the first 10 seconds... after coming home I had an hour and a half recording of what started with her shitting in the bathroom and finished with her bitching at the kids after a long annoying thanksgiving dinner with family she would probably kill if it was legal.   Needless to say I transferred it to her computers desktop so she can hear herself when she gets home tomorrow while I'm at work.
1	the thing is some of what he's saying is right about the fact that you get placed in last picks , but about the MMR it's not really the same thing , sometimes you get placed in a lower-elo depending on your duo partener ( for example elo boosting )  but overrall it's a higher-elo if you're at the same spot as your partener so the dude in the vid is right duoing with someone that is lower MMR than you will only inflict pain on your team mates since they'll certainly suffer from his inperfection or you'll be placed lower were you'll probably stomp the other team but your lanes will lose because of it's not a perfect balance, pls re-math again your team may have the same mmr as the enemy team but the individual skills won't be balanced so there will be at least 1 who'll struggle so hard in laning phase   , also you can't say " benefit of duoing " and it's not balanced because the enemy will be better than you , the thing is you only duo if you're going jungle-mid or botlane to make perfect use of that synergy , not for example toplane-adc or support-midlane this will only make things harder and it won't help being a duo .
0	This is a yellow jacket...These are highly aggressive, and can sting multiple times...They will build nests anywhere... they are carnivorous...They are an invasive species, and I would recommend anyone that sees them stock up on RAID and do your part to help these bastards go extinct.   Yeah, for the last few years, I have had a  massive  yellow jacket infestation  IN  my house, and it's been awful.   They nest in and around the roof. They enter by the apex, and where the siding is loose from the house. It's pretty clear that they are both scavengers, and aggressive. They fly around my porch and door almost constantly on any warm day. Sometimes they'll leave you alone, and sometimes they'll fly at you aggressively. Roll the dice.   But if they fly at you aggressively, the worst part is knowing that they have tons of pals around to back them up. And I've read that if you squish them, some type of pheromone gets released, alerting the others to danger.   Last year the infestation got so bad that they were not only nesting under the roof / siding, but also building multiple external nests around the roof and porch. Landlord came by with a power washer one day, and sprayed all the external  nests off while cleaning the siding.... New nests began appearing literally the  next day.   I  hate  these little bastards. Some days it makes me nervous to even leave the house. (I haven't been stung since I was a kid, but I've read that some people who are allergic don't develop the allergy until they've been stung a couple times? Been a bit more nervous since I read this. Like, what if I'm allergic and don't even know it? Hell, I'm not even sure I've ever been stung by a jacket or wasp, specifically. :/ )   The year before last we had some moderate success with a cheap plastic trap we found at a local store. Kind with holes in the side that you hang, and fill with sugar water or something. It did trap quite a number of them, and the problem seemed smaller that year. But then the trap broke, and haven't been able to find one since. Guess I'll have to look online....
1	no, just no. All the junglers you list and some that you dont are still completely viable, and can compete with any other jungle pick. None of them have been nerfed into the ground this season. Volibear came out in Week 1, got nerfed but was still played victoriously by both Curse and Dignitas post nerf. If you're one of the junglers on this list, vs another one or even current flavor Nautilus you are not at a disadvantage because you have the nerfed champ. If you're at a disadvantage it's because you're a worse jungler than the other guy or because your pick doesn't fit the team as well as theirs.
1	Nidalee is a good pick when the opposing team don't have hard engages like Vi or Leona. If you pick someone like Lee or Elise or Thresh which rely on skillshot, you might have some trouble dealing with Nidalee, it's hard to say though because it's really dependent on comps.
1	In addition to what people have already mentioned the way Lee's passive works is that he gets an increased attack speed (and energy regen) on the next two attacks after casting a spell. This passive resets to 2 stacks on the first and second activation of each spell. So optimally to keep his AS higher you want to do something like Q, punch, punch, 2nd Q, punch, punch. Later in the game you can ignore this to a degree once if the 2nd activation of a spell will outright kill (or put a camp near death) but in his first few levels it dramatically helps with his clear speed and reduces the damage he takes in jungle as a result of things dying faster.   Also Lee's 2nd Q (the dive kick) does more damage the less HP something has so those two autos increase that damage as well.
0	There is a video that explained the difference of male/female brains. Guys have a brain full of boxes, none of the boxes touch and they all stay organized and in their place. Ie. Tv box, sex box, beer box, game box, food box, angry box, happy box, etc...When a guy feels some emotion other than happiness he takes emotion and puts it into the "nothing" box. Doesn't need to talk about or resolve it just let it be until it can be fixed.   Females brain is a web of intersecting emotions and events. Ie. a grilled cheese making her cry cuz thats what sarah was eating when she found out wendys sisters caught hiv from some douche. When she the female experiences any emotion she must talk through it to relate it to every event she has ever felt that before.   The problem is that guys want to fix situations because we are hard wired to do so or we just leave them alone. Women do not want solutions they literally just want to talk. We guys mess up by trying to provide solutions or advice when all we should do is listen. Ladies expect the guy to talk about when all they should do is offer a beer and an ps3 controller.
0	Let's clear something up.  For those of you saying Christians don't baptize babies... you are wrong.  I have been to many.  The biggest problem with this meme is that Christian pastors don't wear dresses.  We leave that to the Catholics.  I can confirm that some Christian churches do dunk in water, but most sprinkle a little water onto the forehead.   EDIT:  A lot of people have commented about Catholics being Christians.    You are right, Catholics are most certainly Christians by definition.  I guess I grew up in a Calvinist society where Catholicism is something we broke off from and we denounced Catholics as not being true Christians, as well as many other denominations.  All of your comments made me think about that.  It is something I haven't thought about in a long time.  The hierarchy of the Christian religion is vast.  There are many different denominations, each with varying beliefs.  Where does the line get drawn from a religion being the same?  It is always the same story of 'they believe this, but we believe this'.  Who decides how big or little those details are?  So you are right about Catholics being Christians, but the subject is much more complicated from the viewpoint of someone who has faith as they do not see it that way.  I don't like to say I lost my faith, but I do not deny science and there is science in how many books have been written with different beliefs from thousands of years ago and my family stuck to one of them, which has changed over the years as our family must have once been Jewish and then Catholic/Christian and somewhere down the line become Calvinists and then Christian Reformed.  You see my point?  What is supposed to be right and who decides?  I guess we do, which is why religion is such a complicated subject.  It is personal.  Sure, religions stay strong because families teach their kids and children are easy to train, but it is going to change no matter what in some way because someone will eventually think differently and a new path of belief begins.  That is science.  I have the choice to believe in God.  I do not have to.  I hope it is okay with God if I say I just don't know.  I cannot make a firm decision from the facts presented and I really do not appreciate an ultimatum.
1	If I couldn't get beer 1 EUR a can, I'd still drink, but it would be things like 2 EUR beer cans.   Lets say, without 1 EUR beer, I bought 1000 cans of 2 EUR beer a year over the course of 3 years.   1000 cans a year @ 2 EUR each over 3 years = 6000 EUR!!!   1000 cans isn't even a lot in one year, some people probably double that.   Personally, I'm glad 1 EUR beer cans have saved me so much beer money!   Thank you God for cheap beer!!
1	Her jump targets your cursor, but it's not targeted in the "point and click" sense. If you jump to a marked target, said target can briefly turn to face you to make you jump a shorter distance, giving it (admittedly unwieldy) counterplay. As for swiping a marked target to refresh pounce's cooldown, until someone finds an efficient way to cancel swipe's animation, she can easily take damage/cc back.
1	You should have a more descriptive title and have description of what this actually is. But for the people who are suspicious (I sure was):   What is RAWM ?     Rawm is a script for the popular game League of legends.     What does RAWM do ?     1 up to 3 account support AUTO login     Start / Restart League of Legends (incase your game crashes at anytime or you want to login to another account)     Maximize League of Legends Window (if it opens in the corner during loading)     Ablity to chose install location for League of Legends (in case you have it installed somewhere else but the default location)     Auto Accept Games     Works in ALL resolutions!
1	No it isn't dude. Play more games and it'll move to 50%. Also are you climbing consistently? Or are you playing people at your skill level? Last season, i had 666 AP nidalee games, 51.8% winrate. 95 games on OLD yasuo 51.6% winrate. YOU WILL get about 50% winnrate always, when playing at your skill level (And more than 10 goddamn games).   At the time I had a 47% winrate, I was not climbing the ladder. When I get to around 30 games on a champion it's usually a 60% winrate. The point is, stronger champions tend to have higher winrate.   >No, they never do that.   Here is Phreak using winrate as an indicator of power level.  By saying "winrate doesn't mean everything," he's clearly indicating it means something. Otherwise he would've said "winrate means nothing."   Here is Meddler talking about differing champion power levels, clearly indicating that they exist and can affect regular players.
1	Why is it such a poor choice? Each hit of the ult applies the bonus damage of the Muramana, so you can get a bonus of 180 damage base (damage bonus from the mana given by the Muramana and only three orbs from her ult, no AP included) that can only go much higher. If you really wanted to be "gimmicky" about it, snag a DFG instead of a Void Staff, and blow up the tank. It will have to leave the fight, you've probably just nuked it for 2.7k health, and the rest of the team can easily take care of it. OR, blow up their Xin Zhao and watch as they now have no BC to wreck your team with.   I never said that you NEEDED it to do silly damage, just that you can even more damage. A Muramana on Syndra is hardly a terrible pick. Sure, you could buy the regular AP items, such as Liandri's Torment (which is indeed a good choice for her), but why? Actually, answer me this: Why should I not pick up a Muramana for Syndra? And no, it being a niche, gimmicky ADC item is not a valid answer. That tells me that on ADCs, it's not the best item to pick.
1	Play bot games, you can play bot games, that's what bot games are for.
0	I work as a supervisor for a team of installers for one of these companies, so I'll just say: Do what you need to in order to pay what you think is right, but be careful. In my company, technicians are evaluated by their monthly "trouble call" rate. If this rate exceeds a particular percentage too many months in a row, the technician may end up being fired. The system is set up so that we can only appeal "bogus" trouble calls (technician arrives, finds no problem, customer says he was just trying to get credit on his bill) under a very restrictive set of conditions.
1	As as an avid thresh player I approve this idea.
1	I find it humorous that you say the first group is saying "Riot is out to get us" rather than "Riot is being greedy". Riot IS being greedy. They are charging a price that is far higher than they want to pay. As consumers, it is our right to complain about price. And for a skin that makes up about 1/1000th of the total game content of league of legends... yeah I think $25 is REALLY EXCESSIVE. Especially when there are a large number of people making custom skins for FREE (because it is easy - there are fairly low poly models and most graphic artists can crank this stuff out fast as hell).
1	Let's start a witch hunt against triggs390 he's obviously being paid off by own3d.tv   The destiny thing is obviously not a witch hunt also with other streamers like dyrus, husky, and other prolific streamers confirming that this happens. It's a call to action to help stop this since the streamers themselves can't do anything since they don't have the money to take them to court. We need justice.
1	TSM is no Korean team. Their training will allow them to dominate NA, but at the end of the day they're just streaming personalities. Bjergsen is like an average Korean midlaner, Dyrus is a consistent but not very flashy top laner who is below average by world standards, Xpecial is a solid tier 1 support with great synergy with Wildturtle who I believe is on easily on par with Korean ADCs, but they will never be a world class team with TheOddOne. He's too old and has awful mechanics/reaction times. It's why his Elise is mediocre, he doesn't touch Lee Sin, and he spends so much time on easier junglers.
0	Well before the internet everything you learned could be found in textbooks and peer reviewed papers. You go the university for the degree. The degree is basically just a certificate that says "I know my shit", which is more credible than you saying "I know my shit".
1	I absolutely agree that if you invade, you have to make sure your jungler steals the buff. I've even seen things like smiting early and the support getting the buff put the jungler almost irreparably behind.   However, on the laners getting behind... I'm somewhat conflicted about this really don't know how to strike the balance. I've had invades that were drawn out or where the invade fails and the jungler now needs a hard leash.   Our team might get ahead on gold, but our top laner is level 1 to the enemy level 3 when he gets back... given how snowbally that lane is and that top laners tend to be melee, this can rapidly turn into a very bad situation. Similarly if the laner is in for a rough time from the start (like facing a natural counter, or a weak early game champ vs a strong one) it could be a big deal if they miss anything more than that 2-3 CS.   Even with mid lane, some matchups can go very sour if the enemy gets a level advantage. It's not uncommon for mid to be decided by who hits level 6 first. Some champs like Cassio can get very dangerous if they're even allowed to hit level 2 first.
1	It's part of the game.   If e-sports wants to build up more legitimacy, they can't seclude their players like that. You don't see a soundproof barrier between the crowd and the players in an NFL game, right? Even though it's impossible to call out audibles when the crowd is being rowdy, you literally won't find an NFL player that doesn't love a charged crowd.
1	Let's just look at it this way. If you watch any of the IEM play in most games first blood doesn't happen until sometimes the 15-20 minute mark with the exception of some stronk ganks from the jungler. What you almost never see is a top/mid lane dieing to one another because it isn't how pros play.   To look at panth he is dependent on getting kills in order to be strong. Do you really think that a panth with a brutalizer/merc treads could kill a irelia with ninja tabi/phage? Like in all serious please tell me you don't believe this. Tournament play isn't solo que where all the players have no idea where that pantheon that is missing top is, they aren't going to just allow him to dive the person mid without that person getting dived mid knowing of that possibility.   Pro players aren't stupid when it comes to this game, they play the champions as said above top because they hold their own throughout the entire game, and they are game changing. If pantheon gets fed, yeah sure he is strong, but if the other team even considering focusing him he dies. If irelia is top and gets fed, guess who would be a waste of time for them to attack? IRELIA. And she still probably wouldn't die in team fights with the right support/initiation.   Although pantheon is a strong solo que champion he doesn't do it for tournament play. Its just like seeing someone play TF in tournament, it just doesn't happen because solo que is just way to coordinated. (Just another example shaco isn't banned every game in tournaments)
0	I had a male friend in my class in college who I frequently was touchy feely with. From a distance and if you didn't know us, you might say we were flirting all the time.   In reality, we both were aware of each other's significant others, and just were friendly, physical people. We're still friendly years later, and still are touchy-feely without anything untoward.   Now, when the guy I had never spoken to in an entire year (and frequently stared blankly from across the room at me) came up to me and hugged me from behind in my chair, sorry, I pretty much squawked and jumped out of my seat. Though rude, it was totally unacceptable.
1	A while ago I changed the AD Carry almost after every game. Now I said to myself, that I should focus on playing 3 of them namely Ashe, Graves and Vayne. Currently I play Vayne exclusively no matter what kind of Bot Comp I have to face and no matter what kind of support I have.   FYI: Reason for playing Vayne exclusively: I liked her since her release, but I knew "Nerfs incoming", also I wasn't used to playing AD Carries (so squishy, having a farmfest, position your sweet a** like a boss, ...). After trying her out in the free week I really sucked hard. She was so hard to play I said to myself. I put her back into the category "Champ I like, but my skills aren't good enough for them to be worth playing". After a while some friends of mine and I formed a team together and I was put to play the AD Carry. I really wanted to learn positioning and I thought... who would be better for me to learn the positioning then Vayne?
1	Nope.. Literally nothing about LoL is physically or mentally more demanding than ANY of its contemporaries.   The point whooshed right over that tiny little brain of yours anyway. The point I was trying to really make is, the person with 5 games played, should have the exact same access to in-game content (minus stuff that doesnt have direct impact on the game, like skins etc.) to the person with 5000 games played.   MOBAS are ALL about being equal and making the necessary decisions and adjustments in live, real time to win. LoL is the ONLY game in its genre to add the MMORPG aspect of, if you play more (and pay more) you are at a considerable in-game advantage over other players who have not played as much.   Its one thing if you get a cool skin for 1k games played, but that isnt the case. You get access to champions, runes, and the different rune slots that each cost 10 bucks a pop...   The entire rune and mastery system is straight out of your next in line MMORPG, it is a gimmicky money trap joke, and makes this game less competitively viable than any other game in its class.   To address your asinine 5 games to 5k games argument.   The only thing that a person with 5k games played at shit level could have more of is knowledge of the game and items. Other than that, it is obvious that this player has chosen not to better himself and get better at micro and decision making, and the person who is far greater in skill with only 5 games is going to wreck him when they meet.   Unfortunately this game is so setup that you must be able to fill almost every role and have runes for every type of champion.. That literally takes months to do, or you can spend more money, what Riot really wants...But ya, its fair, you're walkin into a fair arena here....   Again, LoL is like the little inbred turd that SC2 and DotA shat out in terms of skilled game play. Oh i made a mistake, ill flash away.. Fuck I couldnt get that last hit, IGNITE! The game allows you to cover sooo many of your mistakes, and there are hardly any consequences for any negative action.   I'm not surprised people switch to LoL... whats popular is what is always right?? Right?? LoL is the WoW of MOBAS... WoW is a truly  awful  MMO experience when you compare it to its predecessors, yet its the greatest game ever played up until LoL?? It is dumbed down, inconsequential, and easily accessible to EVERYONE... Hm...sounds alot like LoL...wonder why so many people play it...
0	I think lots of people, myself included, are opposed to fat-shaming. I'd be willing to bet that for most of us, though, that doesn't mean we think obesity is a bad thing. It's just that emotional health is pretty important to physical health, and treating people as inhuman is a great way to damage that. Plus, even if it DID help people get thinner, it would still be pretty assholish.
0	So its in bad taste to joke about ethnicity or religion? My friends and I joke about everything. He rips on me for being an atheist, I tease him for being christian. We're both Hispanic and we don't mind when our other friends say the typical 'Mexican' joke. But I understand, not everyone appreciates offensive jokes so I keep it to myself. For others, I stick to puns and not so witty observations.
1	Will you always have captain falcon's "HYES!" at the end of your
0	School work is BS. Professors would give few A's and sometimes none at all, making it a monumental task.   Work that would have gotten me a C or a B in school gets praised at my work and my boss thinks I'm a genius. You might think thats as a result of my school being very hard on grading, nope.   All their stupid grading that was on a whole other level compared to other schools did was give me a shitty GPA. It was my work experience and good recommendations that allowed me to get me foot in the door. Once I was in, my work spoke for itself.   My school is never getting another dime from me in terms of alumni donations. Their shitty policies screw students over when employers ask for GPA numbers. Most of them have no clue that your school has a reputation for being extremely tough.   I was extremely lucky to get a job after graduation, especially the one I have. I see so many former peers still looking for work or accepting jobs that weren't what they were aiming for.   Luckily GPA numbers lose almost all importance after your first job or couple of jobs. Employers care more about your work experience and what your former employer has to say (in the recommendation letter you hopefully got).
1	I too, have experienced these issues, BUT something everyone should know is it is NOT riots fault. although, to my limited knowledge, an east coast server would indeed help, it is something else altogether. Its important to note that this DOESENT effect all of the east coast players, because if it did then riot would obviously go out and fix this a lot sooner, as they would be losing a large chunk of their playerbase if none of us could playThe last time it was unplayable was on patch 3.10, right after the update. I could not play because my connection was so terrible, but everything else was fine. I have 50mbps upload AND download, and a wired connection, so this didnt make any sense to me. I looked into it, and apparently there is some kind of bottlenecking system set up where companies unrelated to your ISP can bottleneck connections, and do this to basically blackmail you into using their internet services instead. A VPN fixed this for me, and i had much more stable ping. I dont remember a lot of what I read when looking for a fix, as it was months ago, and I didnt read much anyway because it started swirling together with net neutrality laws and I didnt care much.
0	That's not what I meant but I can see how it looked that way. I meant in a strength sense like i've been arguing this entire time, If you looked at a graph of natural strength the man would be higher then the woman, in an emotion or thought process I would say women are above men. But when it comes to sleeping on the couch, our asses should be the first if such an act is necessary   EDIT:
1	What about the Q, make it reduce armor or some sh*t ashe is so weak against the tank meta. I was playing against a maphite he was feeding and I was still just only tickling his booty. Rito PLS
1	Look at top solo queue, and competitive scene.   I haven't seen a kassadin or kennen mid for months. The problem lays with how many better alternatives there are. Want CC so pick kassadin; ok I choose ahri with a better cc, a higher sustained dmg, and better teamfighting power.   Yes most mids are still 'viable' but they lack as much as other mids have to offer.
1	This is true, but if you play enough games your win rate will be at ~50%.If you are very good, lets say prof player, then yes you could have a lot more. For most of us, if you play well you get a 52-54% win rate.   If you criticize one game, then yes. I just had yesterday a game where we had a huge lead, our amumu wanted a 2 man baron and when the enemy team came, he didn't let baron regenerate and just kept poking it. Resulted in him dying and giving baron. Changed the whole game and we lost.
1	CLG used to be an amazing team, they still are. The problem, I feel, is that there are a lot of other amazing teams around them; so now we don't see CLG decimating the competition like they used to. If you were to put CLG against a 2nd tier team in any region, CLG would probably win decisively.
1	Or, radical idea here, you could use his Q. If you land it successfully, all of your dreams will come true!
1	And after that, it would cause another  "Rito please"  threads, which would result in nerf and another  "Rito please"  which would result in buff causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a nerf causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a buff causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a nerf causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a buff causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a nerf causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a buff causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a nerf causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a buff  causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a nerf causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a buff  causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a nerf causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a buff causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a nerf causing another wave of  "Rito please"  which would result in a buff causing..................................................
1	I agree but reddit does a decent job at not showing these kinds of posts.   The mods however remove stuff that the community have upvoted and enjoys. This is just plain dumb to remove something that has been uppvoted and prooven to be liked my the majority.
1	I'm sorry to say it, but you sound just as toxic yourself! You might not be as loud and abusive in the game chat, but your passive aggressive language in this post is really strong. I know, it sucks teaming up with players who abuses the chat to the point, where you just dont understand what is going on inside peoples heads. But you just gotta deal with it ---> Mute button helps alot! One thing I think you should work with if youre not quitting league, is definitely your attitude! I know it sucks when other players blames you for the loss, but instead of comparing KDA (which makes you exactly like them), you need to look at your own gameplay. You died 9 times that last game, fine, some deaths are inevitable, but think about the times you COULD have prevented yourself from dying, and LEARN from it. I know it REALLY hard and frustrating when you die, and your teammates furthermore starts blaming you or starts being toxic. Just be better than them - improve your own gameplay, ignore them! And you will progress! I know it might be tough the games you lose, but sooner or later you will climb again :)   Im sorry for calling you toxic, but you gotta think about your passive aggressive comments.  For example:
0	I got banned from r/conservative bc i laughed at how they kept talking about an referencing his opinions like they werent absolute swill. Sometimes ill listen for 30 seconds when im scanning the radio in the car, last time he immediately starts talking about what a narcissist Obama was and i couldnt listen for another second... Most hypocritical thing i may have ever heard. He is a joke (who makes more than any other pundit (demagogue?)
1	1) Top lane is way too long and easy to gank. You're guarenteed dead if one of them has exhaust and you're in the middle of the lane. You have to zone yourself to avoid dying at level 1/2 to their jungler, meaning the other laner will just kill you later   2) Altars are too important early: Lose a level 1 fight to the usual mishmash of bruisers and they have 150g, farming advantage and trading advantage then on. Trying to retake against any decent team will lead to the next point:   3) Going into the other team's jungle has no risk whatsoever attached to it. Its easy for a team to collapse in on the other's jungler/solo alter capper. There is no way to help the jungler in distress because if top and bot come in they're effectively split in two and picked off easily by the group of 3. Almost always leads to free altar and counterjungling of every camp. If the invade is somehow repelled, its easy to run over the speed shrine and get away scot free
1	Dont even try. Becoming a gaming pro is not something you can pick to do. Trying will only set you back in life because of the amount of time you require in order to become a pro. Even if you do become pro, it doesnt last. Currently teams don't have job security, and getting $$$ from streams means you have to have a personality that people like to watch. So even if you got to pro level gaming you may still be jobless.   Gaming is a hobby, and can be an addiction. Make sure that you balance your life with gaming. Addictions will show signs of avoiding life issues and social isolation. Trying to become a pro is just going to fuel this lifestyle as you will need to play the game all day, everyday, in order to compete.   Continue your education. Accomplish life goals. Play games as a side hobby. Don't do it as a life goal, and play it on the side. If you get to the point where you have a chance going pro while in college then sure, take the opportunity (like many pros have done while in college). If the opportunity doesn't happen, then at least you can continue your life as norm.
1	You would need to post a picture to really get someone to believe you.
1	Entitled is the wrong word to use here. You are no more entitled to your Limited Edition skins than anyone else is entitled to want another opportunity to buy them.   Don't you understand why Riot isn't doing them anymore? They just create a circular argument between the people that have them and the people that don't. Some were rewarded for being in the right place at the right time, and everyone else got punished for not.   There is no right answer to the argument.
1	I didnt watch the replay completely, i was skipping for 30 secs or so till the end to see how the game progressed so  I might be wrong but:     You should give kills to your teammates more. Now, i know it might sound crazy, but youre not going to carry 1v5. You just arent. Giving kills to your teammates will make the stronger and you will win as a team.     Dont build full tank eve when youre going fucking legendary. Get some damage and then you might see improvement. When you get 13 kills in a game you shouldnt really be going full tank, on 90% of the champions. The few exceptions are maybe Nunu, Nautilus, Sion and maybe top lane smite Shyvana. Other than that you should always get at least 1 or 2 damage items if youre this much up in gold. Those dont have to be Infinity Edges, you can buy Abyssal, Ryalis, Black Cleaver, etc.     Last one, the most important one. Try not to focus too much on others mistakes and try to play the game more calm. You werent even playing and I saw you were pretty salty. I can only imagine how it is when you play. Just try to relax a bit, if things dont work out for 2 or 3 games its alright, just go outside a bit, play some other game, do whatever. Pretty much
1	Wall of Text inc! Well imma stop with this now since you cannot really understand that jump isnt the propper word for this and everyone can "survive" assasins. Also Zac is considered mainly as a top lane in my opinion also its not abour voidings its about Malzahar's skin Also i dont thing that S is for strike and style and surge also that W thing is also very unlikable cus you need to hide from every spell in order to have more health.Also she has got 3 skins and its more possible to be for champ with release one. For the "A" hint it could easily be any other letter to be reliable enough. You really don't want the skin to be Jinx one or just like to argue much :D
1	The longer you let Teemo stay in the game, the harder it gets to deal with him. Take advantage of his weak early game. Later on he'll have points in his W and laugh away all gank attempts. If you let him farm too much he'll either buy some attack speed and freefarm, or he'll buy ap and put nuclear mushrooms everywhere. It's easy for him to harass melee champs, and he's hard to catch out/force into an all-in. Playing champs that have good sustain/cc like Cho'gath makes it a lot easier to catch/kill him, and harder to get harassed to death by him. Towards the end of the game, make teamfights happen a lot. He doesn't do a whole lot in fights like this, but you need to group and push hard so he can't infinitely splitpush your sidelanes.
0	When I was a kid, I was the one on bathroom cleaning duty. Every Saturday I had to clean our bathroom and I would mix Windex, the bubbles cleaning shit and Bleach. My Mom didn't want the house smelling bad so I would close the restroom door. Within 5 mins the fumes had me coughing and eyes burning. I would go outside every 2-3 mins for some air. I did this for almost 10 years. This post blew my mind. I'm 30 yrs old.
0	I think i might be the person OP is talking about. My brother graduated from a university in Virginia this summer with an engineering degree and was transferring to a school in Tennessee to get his doctorate. Our whole family came out for his graduation ceremony then left us, at which point it was my job to take our rental car and move all of his possessions to TN while finding him an apartment. Our parents were kind enough to get us a car with unlimited mileage so we could travel the area freely after we got things arranged. Neither of us are particularly responsible so we decided to hit the road the second my family flew off. We had both showered that morning.     It turns out the rental car company gave us a two door Altima instead of a sedan, upon this realization my brother said, "We'll, fuck it. I don't have that much stuff."    We both belong to an international drinking/running club called the Hash House Harriers and we hadn't attended a meeting together in years so we hopped in the car and drove down to South Carolina, the only place that was hosting a Hash event within ten states during our allotted time. After a six hour drive, a lot of pit stops (because we both smoke way too much), and some very interesting conversations with the locals (we're also mixed race but on the browner side), we arrived in Columbus, SC. We were early so parked in the lot behind the veterinary clinic where the run was supposed to start and walked to a nearby bar. We probably smell a little rough, but no big deal.     We proceeded to drink all the local beers they had as I'm a big proponent of trying the local brews of whatever state I'm in. We head back and meet up with the group, introduce ourselves, and drink some more. Then we go for a six mile run through the area. In the middle we stop at one of the club members house for margaritas. We get to the end and drink more (if anyone here has ever hashed you know that there is a circle at the end where they make you drink for imaginary offenses to the hashing rules that no one follows anyway and visitors are often singled out for the mere novelty of their being there). At this point we are shit-canned and the possibility of driving three states north is out. We've just run in ninety percent humidity and we are drunk. We cannot smell good at this point.     We end up having our car driven to a Mexican restaurant where everyone goes to dinner after the run, drinking more, and having our car driven to the (frightening big and luxurious) home of the friendly hashers who offered to put us up for the night. They were a middle aged couple whom I had mutual friends with (again, the Hash is international and you will almost always find people who know people from your state). They pull out a case of beer and a bong and we all get absolutely blitzed, then pass out on their couch. I'm still wrought with guilt about the smell we must have left on their furniture.    My brother and I wake up with the sun, realize we are six hours away from home, and got the road. After a painful journey we roll into his house around noon. All but one of his roommates have moved out and left the place a wreck. He REALLY wants his security deposit back so we set to work cleaning (after a quick trip to the store and opening up a case of Yeungling). Hours go by, and the house is still in rough shape. His friend, who I can only hope will be the next Ken Kessey, shows up sober and offers to drive us to the local pizza place. We take a madcap drive up to retrieve food, chow down, then resume cleaning. Around midnight I fall asleep on a couch. I wake up around seven, my brother has yet to sleep or pack, but the house is clean. Neither of us has showered at this point.    We then undertake the task of cramming every inch of our rental coupe with his earthly possessions. It's ten in the morning before we hit the road, its a five hour drive to his destination, we still have to find him an apartment, and we have a flight home to catch at five. We haul ass to Tennessee, have a lovely encounter with the Virginia highway patrol, and end up in town around three in the afternoon. He's been calling all the apartment complexes near campus on the way trying to set up a place to live for the next six months. We settle on a place, roll in and start the paperwork. In an hour, he's got a place to live. Problem is, it's on the third floor and its July. We manage to unload all his stuff in about twenty minutes, lock the door, and put in the name of the airport in the GPS. After ten minutes of driving we arrive. At the Air Force base. Which has the same name as the airport. It's twenty minutes until we have to catch our flight out of a postage stamp sized airport to the only nearby major airport. Obviously, we still haven't showered.     We get the exact address and haul ass to the airport. I drop him off at the front and then find the car rental return. The guy looks over the car, looks at me, sighs, and signs off on the return (miraculously with no damage). I grab the backpack I've been living out of and sprint to the terminal. Now, I've immured the fact that my brother and I both have long hair and beards. We meet up, get to security, and we look like we are both prepared to die, if in fact we are still alive. TSA goes through both our bags and gives us the full pat down. My particular agent remarks, "Man, you're a little sweaty," to which I respond, "Hey, you wanted to feel me up."  This does not speed up the process. After having my contact solution confiscated we run up to the gate. It's ten minutes after our flight leaves and we are greeted by a gate attendant who addresses us by our last name and says our flight left five minutes ago. We both smell like a hobo's sleeping bag.     Turns out there is a connecting flight to our first airport leaving in two hours, after which we have a two hour layover, then our flight home. We have two hours to kill. So we obviously get a table at the airport's Ruby Tuesday, order turkey burgers, and proceed to get loaded. We stagger over to the terminal, recharge our phones, and call everyone we know to find some poor bastard to pick us up at our home airport three time zones away. At one in the morning. We still smell like shit, and we are drunk again.     We get on the plane practically hysterical from beer and sleep deprivation. We spend the next hour loudly mocking the Sky Mall catalog to the annoyance of our fellow passengers as we are on a small plane and I'm sure they can hear and smell us throughout the whole cabin. We arrive at our second airport, find our terminal, and kill the next hour in the closest bar. Our waitress is terrified, so we tip her double the cost of the bill and shuffle on our plane. Now, keep in mind, we are on a rescheduled flight, so we end up in the very last row. We get to our seats and there is a very tired 19 year old girl crammed in the window seat and my derelict and fantastically loaded brother and I are her seat mates. We should not have been allowed in an enclosed space at this point under UN chemical weapons treaties.     We introduce ourselves as "the Brothers Smith" explain what our last three days have consisted of, apologize for how abhorrent we must smell, and offer her the isle seat so she can lean away from us if she needs to breathe. She politely declines and we all have a fun conversation about college experiences before passing out with our faces mashed against the seats in front of us because we have the only seats on the plane that don't recline.    We finally arrive home, get lost in our own airport because its fuck'o'clock at night and there isn't a single person actually working there, and find my friend circling for us in the departures lot of our terminal. As soon as we get in the car he starts coughing and swearing. He rolls down the window and drives us to my house. My brother grabs a blanket, congratulates me on surviving, and passes out on the couch. I'm too tired and delirious to be immersed in water at this point. I strip naked and jump into bed with my wife, who, bless her, has been patiently waiting for me to return. She stirs from her slumber, rolls over to embrace me, and immediately says, "Oh my god, what the fuck happened to you!? Go shower!" So I did.
1	Thorin is "infamous" in that regard, but only because unless you are consuming his content, the only team you hear about him is when this kind of drama occurs. He actually does things other than get into verbal arguments with pros.   First off, his contribution to the scene goes beyond just "bashing" players/coaches/riot/etc. If you actually watch summoning insight he brings up EXTREMELY relevant topics reguarding all aspects of the scene, asks very specific questions to pros that not only delve into that pro's history as a player, but also their thoughts and feelings on the lol scene as it was, how its changed, and as it is now. Thorin may come off as somewhat rude or abrasive, but you can tell he is intellectual and I honestly think the professional scene benefits from his contributions. I've learned A LOT about competitive league of legends through watching summoning insight, including things such as strategy and teamwork that I can actually take and apply to my own play.   I'm not gonna lie and say Thorin never calls people out or has harsh opinions, but its not like he just goes around blatantly being a rude dick all of the time for no reason. He provides reasonings for his criticism and he generally has a pretty neutral/unbiased view on the scene. He doesn't let anybody get off easy or cater to his favorite players/teams.
0	at first I was thinking "yeah,  we know what an IDE is", and then the
1	I don't generally get involved in these sort of discussions, but just glancing through the comments I think it's worth noting that the vast response of 'ignore it' or 'get over it' is not the ideal way to fix this. That's essentially giving people a free pass and opening up a way to victim blame.   I understand that people get angry and say things they regret, but some of it is straight up uncalled for and disgusting. Sure, people probably won't ever change, but it would sure be nice if people would just  control themselves , yknow, like we do in person. It's even easier behind a monitor - scream at your empty room if you have to, bang the desk; just don't make it personal.
0	I did this... but even though I had the willpower to uninstall it, turned out I didn't have the willpower not to redownload it... This repeated itself every two or three weeks, and I ended up spending as much time reinstalling it as I would've spent playing on it
1	I was baiting. I could have easily flashed over to Baron pit. I didn't notice my team was waiting there when I flashed over to red. It happened so quickly. I doubt I could beat a Teemo 1v1. I main Soraka support (used to?) and the best I did was 1v1 fed Jayce 12-4-XX (when he was OP near release) I won. It should be somewhere in my replays. I've also went up against 1v1 ADCarries and won several times.
1	I find it pretty amusing that people outside of the team are declaring what TSM needs as if they have a true clue of what goes on with their favorite team. Sure, they make visible mistakes in the game but you don't know what their thought process is going through picks and bans, scrim/practice and research/theory craft regiment. This is their life and job, I'm sure they're trying their hardest and don't purposely try to lose. I'm not even a TSM fan (infact, I usually root against them TBH) but you guys need to chill out.
0	Reading thread, quietly smiling and agreeing, upvoting along the way, hearing GnR 'Sweet Child of Mine' clearly in my head (the room is silent, house is sleeping except me, scrolling reddit) when I read your comment. Stopped dead, and pictured the download file perfectly as you described. My heart raced. I could see the reality of it, the profits, the joyful fans at home (new wallpaper of licensed art, video music video uploading to phone, cd playing over speakers, and lyrics on the computer screen, with band commentary and little licensed Easter eggs). ..and then, rage...FUCK OFF MUSIC INDUSTRY! YOU SUCK DIRTY BALL SACK!  ...anyhoo, genius idea...
0	So tell me, oh moral swami, how exactly should we stop it without killing most of the North Korean population? Funny enough, they don't seem interested in stopping just because we ask, and there are tons of North Korean soldiers (and civilians) you would liberate with death before you could ever liberate the country with an army. AND even if we DID go in an other throw the regimen, have you seen what has been going on in Afghanistan? How the situation is already devolving back into violence? How will we stop that from happening this time?   All your doing is bitching, which only helps when it raises awareness of an issue. ain't nobody unaware of the situation in NK, so you are really just wasting our time and blowing hot air
1	I find that the friends who play league who got to 30 playing aram or bots the entire time are weaker than those who cried to 30 in normals and then went to ranked
1	Gold 5. And no. No mater what ive been doing pickup wins in silver is hard. Either my team feeda and i do okay or i feed and my team cant carry or no one puts on the effort to push.. silver is a hard life and half the games i could have done better but the othet half still would have been losses if i was playing my best.
0	Being a father is the most wonderful thing in the world.  It's something you have to experience in the right time to understand.  I loved being a teenager and having less responsibility, but you know what?  If you work hard now to channel your future into doing something you live like I do, your life will be so much more rewarding.  I'm currently writing for a gaming website and its a blast.  It didn't just fall into my lap though, it's something I had to work for and develop my skills early on.
0	In NJ, on a multi lane road, you MUST keep right of the leftmost lane except to pass or to move to the left if there is an emergency vehicle on the right shoulder with its emergency lights on.  You can be issued a ticket for failing to observe this law.
1	There are 2 resources you fight for in lane. CS and HP. If you win HP, you win in CS automatically. This is especially true in bot lane. If your enemy AD is constantly low in HP, he'll be afraid to CS or challenge your harass. This is why kill lanes (and even top/mid solo lanes) can be so strong and snowball hard - if they kill you, you miss XP/Gold and fall behind.   It's not always about having the perfect CS or having a lot of kills, it's about having more than your opponent. CS is gold AND experience. Even if you feel like killing that 0/4 opponent isn't worth it, if you can zone him out of experience, push him out of lane, etc, then it's every bit worth it to stay ahead and not let him catch up. You don't even need to kill him though it would be icing on the cake.   Since you're asking about top lane, if you win your lane that hard making your opponent go 0/4, depending on how the game is going you can push turrets all day and force enemies away from the dragon side of the map, you can keep your opponent at turret and roam mid to gank, or coordinate with your jungler to invade and screw over the enemy jungler.
1	I decided to resign myself from watching Fnatic games after the first couple of losses, the amount of emotional stress I suffered was just too much for me to handle lol. Those first couple of losses totally ruined my evenings.   I've been thinking alot about why they've been losing, and analyzed even a couple of their games, and as Rekkles leads on, came to the same conlcusion that the confidence the guys got, after the winstreak, probably went to their head. One does not have to be particulary perceptive to notice it, their plays just turned sloppy. After the first couple of losses the team probably went on tilt and that's where they are now.   I don't know if any of you will be reading this, but I've been a Fnatic fan since season 1. Tbh, at first it was mainly because Cyanide is the only Finnish pro, but as time passed by the whole team has grown on me, and for me one of the more definitive wins for Fnatic was the awesome Dreamhack winter final against EG with a double bruiser comp. And don't get me started with IPL5.
0	Back story:   It's one of my girlfriends best friends. A few weeks ago her boyfriend at the time cheater on her and gave her Herpes. She broke up with it and we hung out with her for a few weeks, even though she is a selfish idiot who really put herself in the situation she ended up in. We helped her get over the "herpes is the end of my sex life" stage.   Late last week, she started talking to my buddy I know from service, my girlfriend and I were out last night and she said "Friend hang out with Friend last night" and rolled her eyes. I asked if she told him and she told me that she didn't.   My girlfriend was super mad at me for a good 20 minutes after I told her, but I told her the only victim here is my friend, and she shouldn't allow her friend to treat people like that.
0	I'm not sure where I came up with this, but - don't look for the sugar. Once you have what the sugar looks like in your head, you'll blot out everything else. If the bag (box, jar, whatever) isn't exactly how you're picturing it - it may as well not even be there. Instead, clear your mind and use your eyes - if it helps, name each object as your gaze passes over it. At that point it should jump out at you. I have had some success with this method.
0	I had a friend who blacked his out because he got them done by his friends when he was young, like 16. He thought they were AMAZING. Me and my friend started going to a really good artist, (3rd generation sailor jerry) and he could finally see the light that his bled out lines and faded shitty coloring was just embarrassing.  He since started sleeving his other arm at an actual shop.  Not his story but a similar one.
0	And people who have it in their genes or a naturally slow metabolism? Or how about those people who try their hardest to lose weight and just can't seem to lose those extra ten or twenty pounds. I think it's things like this that encourage eating disorders. I know I wasn't majorly overweight, but when I was younger I was chubby and a very low self confidence. I literally try to eat nothing, but due to not wanting to scare my parents I stopped. Even after several months of not eating properly and exercising past my limit, I didn't lose as much weight as I wanted to. This opinion is a stupid one. Are you going to say that it is someone's fault for having the flu because they could have avoided the germs by washing their hands? I don't agree with this, I'm sorry.
1	Not a lot better, at most you're looking at a .35*.1=.035 aka a 3.5% overall damage reduction until he builds more crit. The mastery was more designed as a lategame mastery I think for people who wanted to be full tank. As I said though there's a lot of math that actually goes into deciding if it's more worthwhile than a point in Legendary armor and most people don't want to go through the trouble of doing that every match. Besides you can't predict if your opponent is actually going to build crit or not and how much to actually consider if it's worth it.
1	Happened to me too with Kennen last season. Was playing him top even before Maknoon did (who was the first to do it in competitive play - quickly followed by other top laners like Flame or Shy who crushed with Kennen). But you know what was even funnier? Riot didn't even care how the best top laners in the world (in korea) crushed with Kennen. When did they nerf him? TWO WEAKS after he was used in LCS...which was like 4 MONTHS after koreans started using it. That was just Riot saying "Well...we don't know what is going on! We just follow NA! NA the best! - oh right guys! dont forget to make S3 Worlds quarter finals Bo3s so upsets (western teams winning) is more likely!"   But i actually LIKE the rework of Gragas. (ok I am a top laner so maybe I am bias) But look at Kennen. You sure it would have "just been fine" to nerf his numbers? Well then he would have been completely useless then. Like how does a NERFED Gragas against Xerath, Ziggs, Ori etc...even worse then Ahri probably...where is she at? At least he can be played top lane. Champs like Kennen or Ahri "who just got their numbers nerved" aren't playable at all.
0	Pharmacy tech here, this happens a lot, actually... Most people understand; you apologise, they thank you for it, and you tell them you will make a note of it so this doesn't happen again. I've never had anyone get upset at me for this, and I've had it happen at least 6 or 7 times in the last three years....   Like I said it's not really uncommon, considering that people on medications usually have something wrong with them, and the older folks are typically on more and more medications the older they get.
1	I would suggest the best way to get better is just play.   Flaming is pretty much going to be there to some extent everywhere, you just need to ignore it and play on.   Start with one role, practice that, expand it to a champion pool of 3 or so, I dunno how female champs go, but something like going support champs is a good way to blend into the PVP without having that great of a difference in terms of mechanics. If you want to feel like you can interact with the team members, start with a Good luck and have fun guys, Im still learning the game so if you want to give me some advice, that'd be great, but know when you say that, you need to take it with a grain of salt, if you think it seems reasonable, apply it to your current understanding, if not, then the other person doesnt always have to be right, there are going to be times when people are going to be rude jerks about 'go uninstall' or whatever other fancy insult they can come up with, you just need to ignore it, like any other insult that might be thrown at you from some faceless internet user.   You arent going to Ranked anytime soon, especially cause your champion pool would be a bit too low and you need a expansive runepage too. You need more experience in terms of getting better and winning games as well.   Consider watching informational streams, Voyboy for top lane, Krepo for support, yellowpete for adc, these streamers tend to talk about their actions most of the time to give insight to why it is that they are doing something and it gets more clearer for others to be able to do the same.   Remember the matchmaking system still works, so even if you have played 15 games, you are going to be qued against people who are of your level, the first few games or so might be very stompy on either side of the team while matchmaking gets a good balance but eventually it will even out, even if you lack experience.   As a fellow girl, I can relate to the nervousness, even though all my friends talk about how well I can play, I dont want to Ranked just cause I get the jitters, theres no better way to beat it than just playing.
0	Maybe this will make you feel better. I work in a call center, and we get varying answers when we ask "May I have your name, please?"     "Umm. Yeah. Hang on a sec."   "555-1212"   "Yeah, it's 1234 Main Street..."   "I'm fine, thanks, and you?"     And then there are always the ones who, when asked "How can I help you?" will respond with their name, company name, address, city, or various other things before actually answering the question. "How can I help you?" "My name is Bob Jones." "...Thank you, Mr. Jones. And how can I help you today?" "I work for Jones Construction." "Okay, I've noted that... and how can I help you?" "We're in Alexandria, VA." "..."  It doesn't sound like that big of a deal, until you realize that most call centers (and pizza places, for that matter) have forms they have to fill out on a computer, and they can't move on until you've answered the question that they've asked you.
1	You have to take into consideration that now, that with clamping the system has a fixed amount of LP given out. That means, that for every player, artificially XYZ points were given out. Those points can be earned by winning, whether you start in Diamond or Silver, the amount varies. And lost by losing, while they just transfer to other players or, simply due to inactivity, while they go back to the pool that can be given out to players.   And there comes the tricky thing: the MMR system with this made it, that people would lose or win the same amount of the hidden ELO (MMR) while only getting or losing a percentage of LP. That means, that someone who'd lose as Diamond 1 against Bronze V, would just lose 3 LP as usual. But 3 D1 LP are worth way, way more than 3 LP in Bronze V. And here's the thing. You'd lose 3 LP, but the MMR behind it? 2500 lost against 500? Lets take off XYZ of his MMR.   Now you have a gap: Since the MMR is slow as heck, you will Still win your 1/2 LP per win, even though, in a different league, the LP is much more or less worth, depending if you are master/challenger or lower than Diamond.   With the introduction of Master tier, this whole clamping was gone, and so the 'skill level' could be showed more openly. Diamond 1 was the best league, and those who couldn't make it to challenger would be stuck there. Now think about it for a second. You have 200 people in challenger, while maybe 300, 400, 500 even belong there.   Their LP is worth so much more than those of someone in Silver. They didn't have, artificially like you had, 700 LP worth. NOW with master, your 700 LP worth are 700 LP. They just take out LP from the system, which means, since there aren't people anymore that might even be pro stand in D1 99 LP, or that guy that casually is really good or had massive luck next to each other at 98 LP, you actually have a league for those. Without the clamping, D1 50-100 LP is now basically D3-1.
0	Sure, she's waiting tables now. Soon, she'll be flashing a lil nip slip, then it'll be a single boob, then both, then getting up onstage with the other girls. It's only a matter of time till she's taking the stage herself.
0	personally, i like curvy, voluptuous women.
1	I main Blitz.  I find he works great in Silver, but in Bronze I'm finding I don't want to pull too often in lane because the ADC either overpushes or is at half health.  Late game he's great at grabbing people you want dead, but in teamfights he's not as great as Leona's, Braum's, etc.
1	i main lux. in solo q i usually end up as a team support due to her high utility.   my main goal pre 6 is not to feed mid and maybe kill the apc. this works really good against pushy mids like yasuo who try to bully me under tower. in team fights i might soften up the enemy team prior to initiation.   the most satisfying play is when the team has initiated without me, maybe get routed, are getting chased at 20% health back toward my location, and i meet them with shield, slow, double bind to the face, and ult.  the multi kills are sick. i got a penta once in the narrow alley behind blu buff :)   edit: the
1	This is not the way to go about doing this to be honest.  Like hotshot said hundreds of times yesterday, he is VERY VERY FORTUNATE.   Being a pro gamer isn't a decision you can make in a day.  Most people who try to be a pro-gamer FAIL.  I'm not trying to say you will, I'm trying to tell you that you shouldn't quit everything while pursuing this.   Find a team first.  Stream in ALL of your free time.  You should still continue your job, quitting school I'm hoping you didn't do on a whim.   I really hope you didn't do all of this because of hotshot.  Honestly man I hope you make it, but you can't just copy someone elses story and make it your own.
1	The tower behaved correctly. Watch the jewel at the top of the tower to get a sense of when the turret shot is going to be sent. You can clearly see that lee sin w flashed out of turret agro range just before the jewel eluminated thus forcing it to switch targets to minion. Then the tower switched to akali after she assumed agro. Akali survives flashing outside of turret range within perfect timing just as lee did.   Nothing to see here folks, just some good flashing out of turret radius and a nice play saving a poor dive  attempt.
0	As I mentioned, it's likely that there are many genes involved.  Here's an article from last year where a large research group found five genes (aka 'loci', plural of locus) that influence facial structure , one might make the leap to say that genetic deformities lead to asymmetry (and 'ugliness'). Overall health, likely has many thousands of genes involved. But 'outcrossing' is, overall, a good thing. As evidenced by the increase in deformities when incest is involved.   Regarding beauty, we're a complicated species. What some may find abhorrent, others may find attractive. (Example, "rule 34").
0	Many years ago, I was feeling a bit off at a New Years' Eve party, so I actually did keep it down to a few beers and one glass of champagne.  ~3 AM, a couple of hours after finishing my last drink, I thought I would be fine to drive.   What I didn't know at the time was that I had a serious case of influenza.  Barely a mile out from the party, I felt too sleepy to continue safely.  I pulled into a parking lot, reclined the seat, and thought I might take a little nap.   ~10 AM the next day, I startled a local cop.  Apparently, the manager of a nearby restaurant thought I was a corpse.  When I sat up and looked around in response to tapping on the windshield, it was unexpected.  Because I left my radio on while "napping," I had to call someone to help me jump start my car before I could finally get home.  There were no tickets or charges, but I may have looked hungover and it only got worse over the next two days of fever, aches, and nausea.
1	Lmfao i wanna plaY the game not take a test. Go to school if u like tests so much.
1	Everybody knowing a little bit of computers or technology could understand that this is not possible/not a correct information.   You cannot format an Hard Drive that is in use at the moment, you cannot delete system files or something like that while the hard drive is in use. To do that you have to reboot without execuiting  the Operative System. I'm sorry if I'm horrible at explaining/bad english and everything.   You can see it in this screenshot (sorry my O.S is in Italian):   [Screenshot](   I ask for: format c:   the answers is: Are you sure? Yes. Then asks me to unmount it because is in use, i choose Yes and it gives me an error because it's still in use by my operative system.
1	If they can't beat some random thrown-together team(necrofantasia), what makes you think that can beat any of the LCS teams?   They blamed their loss on "cheese", but that was nothing but a poor excuse. They lost in pick an ban phase by: A. Giving Soraka up on the 4.6 patch, while getting nothing special in return AND not having any kind of answer to giving up the most important champion on that patch.  B. The reason they claim their loss was "cheese" was because they also picked jungle fiddle. Azingys most played jungle champion is easy, and that is what he played in most of the games that necrofantasia had in ranked 5's. They failed to deny Azingy blue buff which is just throwing away the game against a fiddle raka comp.   They 100% deserved to lose that game.   T8 honestly has never shown up when it matters and fails to ever produce any meaningful results. Their biggest claim to fame was either: 1.winning LSC3 against teams that either didn't care about the tournament, had subs, was their last day of playing, or was thrown together the day before, or 2. Taking a single game off of an LMQ that didn't need to take that game seriously to affect their chances of making it into the LCS.
1	Oh look, Riot is doing what Valve did over a year ago, and instead of getting something worthwhile from it (the opportunity to win in-game stuff for watching your team play games in the client, will full ingame commentary, and a full replay system) you get a crappy icon so people will know you gave Riot money and got effectively nothing in return.   20% of the revenue is also a non-existent value since you can get Riot points for all kinds of different things, in different quantities, and at different pay rates. This either suggests they're going to pay teams out in Riot Points, which are worthless to them since they can't exactly resell them or do anything but give them back to Riot, or an abysmally low cash payout since 20% of 240 RP is worth ~$0.30, at best, and a team might sell at best a few thousand icons.   What a scam.
1	Replay system should be in release, 4 years after it's still being done by a third-party, FOUR years and you still believe they are "working on it"?   The maps are unbalanced because Riot has said in the past that it is hard to balance champs for all maps, so they just don't..   You say it's a free game, but if I enter LoL right now, can I pick any champion I want to counter-pick the enemy? No.   In Dota2, can I pick any hero I want out of the pool? Yes.   Do I need to farm 150+ games to be able to play matchmaking? No.   PS: Riot has more employees than Valve, and not everyone at Valve works on one game, meaning less people are involved in Dota2 than there are people involved in LoL, so how come it takes 4 years for something as crucial to the competitive scene as replays, save feature and a working spectator system?   It should be the first thing on their list.   PS2: Riot is owned by Tencent, don't tell me they would go under if they were 100% free, Valve is making money as fuck on a 100% free game so why can't Riot?
0	That meme just pisses me off, especially since some of my friends said similar things to me. So, well done OP. Good meme.   The bitter truth about the internet (and probably IRL too) is that you need incentive, guts and dedication. Otherwise no one cares about your opinions.   If you want to post your opinion, but lack the dedication to defend your statement, then it's a worthless post. You are better off not posting at all.   Similarly, incentive is the force that will drive you to post. Without incentive, no post. The same could be said about having guts. You could have incentive, but if you lack guts, you won't post either.
1	Tried this, uninstalled my LOLReplay, installed LOLReplay-0.8.1 and instantly after that LOLReplay-0.8.1.2, didn't work for me - did I do anything wrong? o.O
1	Yeah, its also the fact that i would consider her a pretty low fun champ to play, rather just a champ to win.   I don´t wanna blame people for tryharding, but picking sona every game shes open kind of makes feel that way. Also it feels like it forces any team to pick her if shes open cause if not, may end up enemy team having one and yours none.
0	Not sensible at all, just ignorant. The WBC would not feel bad at all and they themselves believe they are showing kindness to humans.   People really ought to read [their FAQ]( to get a better impression of their beliefs.   Why do you preach hate?   Because the Bible preaches hate. For every one verse about God's mercy, love, compassion, etc., there are two verses about His vengeance, hatred, wrath, etc.   We cannot know for certain that an individual person is in hell (or heaven). Only God knows that.   Why don't you leave it up to God and stop wasting your time telling people that they are wrong?   "The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked; who can know it? I, the Lord, search the heart, I try the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings." (Jeremiah 17:9-10). This being the exclusive prerogative of God, we leave it alone, knowing that we can never convince someone that they are doing something wrong.   What we do is what we are commanded to do. There are two verses that show our commission well: "CRY aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and show my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins." (Isaiah 58:1); and "Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering and doctrine." (2 Timothy 4:2). We preach.   What would you do if a homosexual attended your church?   Regardless of any person's private conduct, we would do unto them as we would have them do unto us. By a fear of God, we would declare the whole counsel of God to them, lest their blood should be on our hands. We would share the Gospel (good news) with them, and we would treat them like we would treat any other person on this earth. We would treat them with kindness, and follow those scriptural injunctions that require that we preach the gospel to every creature.   Do you feel that gays and lesbians should be allowed to teach if they do not bring their sexual tendencies into the classroom?   School is not a place for a teacher or any other tax-paid adult to be discussing, directly or indirectly, their sexual "preferences" or those of any other person. If such a person could and would go about their business in a professional, mature and responsible manner it would never be a problem.   Are you associated with a militia, Aryan Nation, Nazi, KKK, or any other similar group?   No. We don't believe in physical violence of any kind, and the Scripture doesn't support racism.   Are you a sinner? If so, does this mean you will burn in hell, or are you better than these people?   Of course I'm a sinner. All have sinned and come short of the glory of God, and if any man says he has not sinned he's a liar.  I am no better than any homosexual.   I think most people would be shocked to read that last part. The WBC are not so arrogant and hateful as people make out, they just believe in an evil God that fills them with fear. Here they are stating they are ok with gays, they just think God hates them, which is pretty justified by scripture.
1	Just because someone doesn't have something of their own doesn't mean they can't criticize someone else's. Have you ever not liked a restaurant? Well where is your multi million dollar chain of restaurants. That was simply stupid.   No one said anything hiring people who aren't qualified or outsourcing. I'm striking this one as irrelevant.   Don't make comparisons. With more manpower, the problems on the backburner could be addressed.   He said he personally doesn't care about ip but it could be used in several different ways to improve the game. Read a little more closely.   The tech support it slow. I've put in 2 or 3 tickets in my career and they have always taken ~1 week.   Server issues are server issues and companies need to with issues. If they were isolated or we at least had some sort of knowledge on what was happening with them, it would make a lot of people happy.
0	Maybe the tix were what op wanted and his chick didn't give a fuck bout them .  Maybe op is a cheap fuck who never did anything with said chick and the only thing he ever did with her was over spend at the thing he wanted to do most .
0	I like how redditors have gotten so much circlejerking out of mocking "I can't even" that they've started saying it ironically in a weirdly structured way. I used to spend a lot of time on tumblr just before and during the beginning of the whole "can't even thing", so for me seeing you guys say it like that is like when a foreigner tries  really  hard to pronounce something and they just can't because they are so used to an entirely different way of speaking.
0	He claims that I enjoy wasting his time, as if I am personally responsible for every second of his day, and as if I am forcing him to wait for me to do something or say something.   I have done karate since I was 4, and I am on break after first semester of college, so I went back for one class to visit the place I went 3 times a week or more for 14 years. He knows this, and has seen me do it.   He asked me that night right before I left if I wanted to hang out that night. I said that I had decided to visit my old dojo that night, and that I would be snowboarding in the morning so I could hang out for a little bit after karate, but would have to be in bed relatively early.   So he made plans to hang out with his friend, who I occasionally hang out with with him too. I like her, we are all friends. So he says he'll be doing that and im welcome to come hang out with them when I'm done.   She ended up texting me separately inviting me over after he talked to her, and I said yes I'll stop by after when I can for a bit. Thanks for inviting me. She wanted to know the timing.   I said karate it's 7:15-8:30, but we usually go to about 8:45 or later. It ended up going till about 8:48, and I left around 8:50. 20 minute drive home, and the roads were snowy and icy so I wasn't going to speed. 9:10.   I OBVIOUSLY had to change out of my karate uniform, right? Which I did, and had to find clothes downstairs which took a second cause I had stuff in different places. So about 9:17 at this point after coming inside, getting changed, walking down and up stairs and such, and then I just did an intense work out and physical activity, so OBVIOUSLY I would have to eat, right?   Anyways, so apparently the girl had told him that I left at 8:30 and would be at her house at 8:45, none of which I said but he said they've been waiting since 8:30 for me, and now it was about 9:40 by the time I finished making dinner and eating. 6 minute drive to her house, 9:46.   So he says they've been waiting since 8:30 and now it's almost 10, being passive aggressive and clearly implying I am late, and blatantly calling me rude for showing up so late.   I explained to him all the timing, and how I came exactly as soon as I could, and he said how was I supposed to expect that you had to change? Or eat? And said I didn't communicate that to him.   I also noted that they invited me to join their hang out, so it's not like I was holding them up or anything. They were sitting on their asses watching TV. What was I late for? What were you "waiting for me" for?   He did not accept this logic and instead just said it was rude that I didn't communicate where I was or what I was doing.   Then the next day we tried to make plans after I was snowboarding and they fell through and he apparently asked me so are we just gonna hang out even though everybody else cancelled?   I missed the text and didn't respond to it by accident while I was still talking to someone else we had plans with who cancelled, finding out if they could make a new plan.   So he gave me a passive aggressive bitchy reminder text saying so are you just going to ignore my question and keep wasting my time? I've been sitting here waiting for you to make the plans since 3:00, and its 8:30.   I was on a mountain at 3:00, up until like 4:30...and the rest was driving home, and contacting people to make plans. They fell through, and then like 20 minutes later he says I've been screwing around for the past couple hours and wasting his time.   At this point, I try to send one more calm and polite text to see if he will shut up and stop being ridiculous, but he does not, so I fucking explode on him because he's just being a little prick and will not give up.   He calls me rude and disrespectful, all the while he is incredibly disrespecting me and being passive aggressive and saying that he will not allow himself to be treated improperly and impolitely.   Completely avoiding the actual issues.   I tell him to stop blaming all his problems on me.   He doesn't like it.   This morning says all of his same bullshit again and says he wants an apology, but not a fake one.   I tell him I'm not going to say I'm wrong when I'm not (with more words than that, carefully and elegantly written paragraph).   And he says we can't be friends. Because I didn't falsely apologize to him and give in.   And he called me egotistical and on a high horse and unable to admit I'm wrong, and said I will lose all relationships in my life if I treat people this way.   ....all the while he is not admitting he is wrong, extremely hypocritical.   So yeah,
1	Have you ever tried to paste into cmd? It's not hard to disable the copy or paste feature in a program. As you stated, someone could just make a macro to type in the specific and static summoners code in. However, if Riot made the section of the code they had to type have random strings or start and end in different spots during different sessions.
1	As some other people have already said,  there's no "best" ADC that is simply the best in every given situation.  ADC's are stronger than other ADC's depending on their team comp and the opposing team comp.     You can argue that  some champions bring more to their team  than others, in which case Varus looks like the "best" ADC, but Varus falls flat against a disengage/poke comp that can nullify his ultimate (such as Janna + Jayce + Anivia).   You can argue that  some champions are safer than others , in which case Ezreal looks like the "best" ADC, but Ezreal struggles against a hard-engage comp focused on taking out a target quickly (Vi + Zed for example).   You can argue that  some champions simply deal more straight up damage than others , in which case Vayne looks like the "best" ADC, but Vayne gets destroyed by comps which run AS slows (Nunu + Nasus + Malphite for example).     In order to determine how strong an ADC is, you have to look at overall team comps and strategies.  This means looking at what the team comp wants to accomplish, how they go about doing this and how the ADC will fit into that comp.   With any ADC pick, you have to consider your support, lane match-up and the junglers as well. Very aggressive gap-closer junglers are strong against ADC's that are not very mobile, such as Kog'Maw, and can easily nullify the advantage you would have had in your comp by repeated ganks - a Kog'Maw with no farm and no kills is hardly a threat to your team, even if Kog'Maw was a superior pick in that comp.   The same goes for supports. If you pick Vayne into Leona+Caitlyn or Sona+Caitlyn, even if your comp favors you, the lane is going to stomp you and prevent you from reaching hyper-carry status.   If you want to know which ADC performs the best in solo queue, there's no real answer either.  Caitlyn is a very safe pick, as is Ezreal, in solo queue. Miss Fortune and Varus makes for stronger team fights, Draven is an insane lane bully and Ashe and Vayne, when farmed up, can easily carry games. Each ADC has their own strength, and it's more about how skilled you are at playing an ADC than it is about the pick.   If you absolutely have to know which ADC statistically wins the most, you can take a look at the LoLKing winrates, but those tell you how much  other  people win with those champions, not how much  you  will win with them.     It would be redundant to compile a list of the pros and cons of every ADC champion, as you can find that in any decent guide for a champion.
1	Vi is a decent pick overall, her kit is suited to focusing down a single target and deleting them, while building tanky. Or if you're ahead, get a Trinity perhaps Tiamat and punch the shit out of everything.  Sort of the same thing goes for Lee Sin and Warwick, 6300>4800/450, more expensive =/= better in the current meta/overall.  Kha'Zix and Rengar are also good assassin-like picks right now if you can play them well, both sporting relatively high-damage CC abilities and almost unparallelled single-target focus oriented kit.  If you want to look at something more teamfight/AoE- oriented, Sejuani is a personal favorite, her ranged AoE stunning ultimate being both a great initiating tool and a nice disengage, you can close gaps/run away and dodge skillshots with Q, and the 70% slow on max rank E makes for a great combo together with the ult. W provides a little extra pushing power and decent sustained AoE DPS. Nautilus has the highest amount of separate CC abilities, most being single target but the E is a nice AoE/multi target slow. Also Q is a great chasing/escaping tool if used well. Amumu, a part of the fabled Bronzodia, is feared all over low elo due to his Q having amazing range, his, albeit PBAoE in contrast to Sejuani's and Nautilus's ranged, ult often capable of disabling (nearly) whole teams, and more than decent sustained AoE damage on W and E.  On tanks you just need to be wary of invades/counterjungling right now, a buff steal or early death isn't that much but if it happens repeatedly you're in real trouble.
1	As most mods I do not reply to comments on removal messages. This is why we leave the footer stating very clearly how to go about asking a question. It's not just because it looks pretty.   To your query. You are linking to another completely independent subreddit for a meta post in this subreddit which would have belonged in modmail in the first place. Meta posts are for general guidelines, rules and discussions. Individual actions should be brought to modmail. If it's justified it can be explained. If it's unjustified it will be brought to our attention faster.   So
1	Sounds to me like someone is jealous... If you don't like him, you don't have to watch his videos and if you are annoyed by the outro you can skip it aswell... At least he is someone who still plays the game for fun and is not only tryharding in rankeds and gettin mad when they lose lp. His videos are quite retarded that might be true, but in a funny way. Maybe i like them because the cg guys remind me of my league team :P
1	Didn't they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close for some of the games doesn't mean that you're not a lot weaker than that team. I  love  Arkansas razorbacks football. 2 years (i think) we lost to Alabama and LSU by a field goal that we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team isnt' young and we we're ranked 8. Our quarterback did get injured against UL monroe, but that doesn't make up 49 points.
0	You're absolutely right.  You do get to decide what you do with your body.  Good and bad.   When people offer whatever advice they think is worth sharing,  it can  come from desire to help someone they care about, but... here's my theory:   I think people who give this kind of advice are actually scared by the fact they recognise elements of their own behaviour in you (ex. not exercising enough, having an unhealthy relationship with food, etc).  I think they see they are not that different from you and could easily find themselves in your shoes if they altered their life a bit here and there.   By offering advice, I think these people are trying to reassure themselves they will not "suffer the same fate" you have, because they can draw an arbitrary line between your experience and their own.   The bitter conclusion here, though, is that the person offering you advice finds your situation unsettling, possibly even scary...and maybe that says more than whatever advice they might be giving.
0	Gather round for story time: so my family and I are taking our annual trip to Las Vegas (I know, great place for kids), and there so happens to be a chemical spill on the only highway that can get us there. We sit there for about 3 hours. By then people have already pulled out their lawn chairs, others start busting out hibachi grills etc. Out of nowhere (well, from his van actually) a Rockstar marketing guy comes out and hands out a van full of Rockstars to everyone (keep in mind we're sitting in a desert highway in the middle of summer). This guy was heaven sent.
0	First of all, if a chick from work asks you out for a beer and she doesn’t make it explicitly clear that it’s just as friends, then it’s a very safe bet that she has romantic interest in you.  I’m guessing that your consternation in such situations comes from the fact that if YOU are the one to put out the “just as friends” part, that you’re afraid you’ll hurt her feelings, or worse, have misread the situation and feel like an idiot.  But again, see above:  if she asks you out without ever using the word “friend”, then trust me, you haven’t misread---even if she backpedals and pretends that that’s what she meant.  Which is such a  common way for people to handle this that you can count on her doing this likely as not.  But it’s not a big deal, just be prepared for it, and be prepared to feign a little laugh at your own expense…”oh silly me!  of COURSE you didn’t mean that, duh, nevermind…”  tension released.  On the other hand, if she’s a secure and confident woman, she may be like oh, you have a gf, sorry, didn’t realize.  Oh well, thanks for being good-guy-greg about it, some dudes are so slimy y’know…?   In which case the moment goes immediately to what a good guy you are, so no harm done and you’re off the hook.  I’d say these two reactions are equally likely, probably 45%/45% split.  That leaves the 10% of maneaters who, when you say sure but I have a gf, will give you a wicked smile and say ok no problem---but here’s my cell, call me if you change your mind!  You don’t have to worry about hurting THESE girls feelings, they’re more predator than prey.
0	You buy the Bluray for that, IMO.   Personally, I watched Django twice in movies (loved that movie) and personally I enjoyed the non-silent crowd.  That movie was just spaced so that in crazy situations the audience was left silent and the audience was seemingly only able to talk when it helped the movie.  It's not like you get mad at people for laughing at a comedy, or crying at a drama, so why get mad when they cheer at some action?  Was that not the intended reaction?
1	The problem with summer spells is the same problem there always was...   You can only counter flash with flash and sometimes getting away is only POSSIBLE with flash. So when the game lends itself to being passive and farm-based the best defensive ability possible will always rule. The bonus being that flash is also great for offense if you can afford to use it.   As for the 2nd summoner choice, its mostly silver bullets. Obviously you need a smite for jungling, and clair for your support. You want at least 1 exaust to help with particular carries and an ignite to help with sustain heroes, vamp stacking etc. This really only leaves one summoner spell open on your team. Since the last slot is usually the top player and most of the early team fights are going to happen at dragon, teleport ends up being a very popular option. For a while this spell changed from game to game, but ever since dreamhack and epic irelia joining team fights teleport has solidified itself in top lane.   There would be no way for any other summoner spells to really come into play. They are relooking at jungling, and although it will slow down the jungle speed, its possible certain junglers could run without smite. This could allow clairvoyance on the jungler, freeing up the support. Or allow the jungler to get exuast to help with ganks. If something like this occurs it is possible that a new summoner ability might be viable.
1	Cheer up, i definitely know how it feels.  Just feeling like everything you've worked hard for isn't good enough and you need to start from ground zero.  But just remember you're long term goal, whether that is being Rank 1 Irelia or getting 1 million subs on Twitch.  You'll also need to understand that even if you make a video and its absolute horseshit as long as you're learning/improving from it thats what matters in the long run.
0	I want to go on the record as a former web dev for a restaurant and say it is because they don't give a fuck.  They change their hours (local restaurant), overcharge for all their food, and try to find a scheme to make as money as they can for as little effort as possible.  I hated that job so much, and for all technological prowess I tried to put forth, I was yelled at for being honest about hours, prices, offers, etc..
0	aaaaand I just learned what
0	Ok, so like 8 weeks ago I went to the strip club on fucking Wednesday night with my sister and her "crush" at the time (a bartender at the place I frequent). So my drunk ass agrees to go with them in the first place...but we get there and I want to give them some "alone" time (we're the only fucking ones in the whole place) and take one of the girls into the back for a dance. My drunk ass gets 8 dances, and this girl starts legitimately hitting on me. So my drunk ass asks her for her number, so I can call her when she gets off. We leave, I call, she doesn't have a car so she needs a ride home. Her ride left her, so she agrees to come home with me. My drunk ass, takes her home, we have a few drinks and then start getting hot and heavy on my couch. I pick her up to take her into the bedroom and step on my fucking cat, crashing to the floor. Hilarious laughter from both parties ensues. After a few minutes of making out on my floor, I pick her back up and take her to the bedroom. Sexy times goes on for like 4 hours, some kinky fucking shit. (best sex of my life to be honest). My drunk ass wakes up the next morning and I literally have a cut on my dick, a fucking deep ass gash, hurts like a bitch. Start thinking about last night and remember that A) she was ragging and B) I didn't use a condom. Scariest week of my life (obviously got tested). Thankful to this day that all tests came back  positive   negative . Hung out with her a few times after, but it never really went anywhere.
0	My parents were raised to differ to 'the community' and 'authourity figures' so nomatter what {I, other witnesses, and all physical evidence} indicated I would be 'shut up' and punished.  Often crimes  that never happened  would lack evidence, so they would 'demonstrate' the crime {manufacturing or destroying contradictory} evidence.   Years of assholes using this to {scapegoat me of their children's crimes or justify their abuse as 'corrective measures'} has habituated my family and community to automatically deny/contradict anything I say, and to automatically blame me for everything until a more likely suspect is established.   Decades after moving from that 'community'; when the police, bureaucrats or other 'persons of authority' have to follow up on a report involving me, they inevitably come into contact with {my family and 'people who know me'} who will make up lies in my name to incriminate me.  "X confessed" or "X did" being the most popular format, despite there being no actual physicall possible way either statement can be true, but rarely does the person doing the follow up take the time to ask "And what were you doing when [specific reported event] happened?"   Now; authorities will ignore me and contact whatever liar gives them what they want; Often because statements  in my name  contradict the statements  I  actually make.  That is if they don't just lie outright knowing that I cannot deny their claim in my name  because my {family and the people who 'know me'}  will intercept and interfere with due process.   Now; scumbags will lie in my name to override my decisions and to gain physical access to my home to rob and assault me. Phone company will 'reset' my the password to my email so they can subbordinate my finances (thousands of dollars lost); police have ignored the white fucking crackhead blowing pot smoke in every room of my apartment and (unbenownst to me) is stealing my roommate's engagement rings because officially "My story keeps changing"  when infact MY ROOMATE  IS  was BLACK- because all these people (I am unfortunately related to) are insisting that it's my roomate stomping aroung my apartment and the constable sees "a paranoid blazing pot head who if he doesn't shut up will go to jail directly."     The list of shit I have to tollerate goes on, and on. edit: enought to carry /rage for a while actually.     About two years ago; after I used a stake-knife to evict someone who introduced himself as a "friend" so that my mother would let him into my room unannounced WHILE I AM SLEEPING on her way to work. (I suffer from cataplexy, and am often unable to stand before my medication has taken effect.) I started aggressively engaging individuals I am related to force them to understand that confirming unsubstantiated statements in my name is a serious problem.  A few months later Dad pissed mom off by constantly insisting that I granted him permissions I never did (and calling me demanding that I confirm his lie)- making her more receptive to the idea that people lie in my name.   Improved medical treatment (now threatened by bureaucrats), has literally given me a voice when the established method of "shutting [me] up" is used, and Mom has slowly realised the extent of the damage decades of constant active undermining has caused.
1	This is correct, but not the true root of the problem. Adding more actives to LoL won't save it. The item system itself is inherently broken and needs a complete rework on Slot effectiveness vs Gold effectiveness. In League all items are made to be both Gold and Slot effective. In DotA, items(other than Divine Raiper) that are gold effective are the base items that everything builds from, Iron Wood Branch which is 1 of all stats for 50g is one of the most cost efficient items in the game. Compare that to Ultimate Orb which is the biggest base All stats item is 10 stats for 2100g. That means you are paying 4.2 times more for the stats. What this does though is it allows people playing from behind to go more gold efficient to stay at the same effectiveness in the game. Of course levels and completing items give some power spikes that some times put teams ahead enough to start the snowball.   Comparing this to League, all items are meant to be both gold efficient and slot efficient. Comparing Long Sword to BF Sword, Long Sword is 360g for 10 AD, BF is 1550g for 50 AD. You actually gain gold where BF is  1.2x more efficient than a long sword. What this causes later into the game is completing items isn't just giving you that power spike when it's finished, it's also giving you more gold on completion. Lets take The Bloodthirster in consideration. BT has 1100g worth of lifesteal(Based on Vampiric Scepter) and 2880g worth of AD(Based on Long Sword) which is 3980g worth of stats not including the passive. If we base the AD price on BF sword because it's more efficient it comes out to 3580g worth of stats.   A quick comparison for DotA with Abyssal Blade(most expensive item in the game). Abyssal Blade is 6750g has 10 Str and 100 damage. 1 Str is 50g based on Gauntlets of Strength(cheapest pure strength item) and 1 damage is also 50g based on Blade of Attack(cheapest pure damage item). That means Abyssal Blade is 5500g worth of stats. The Active and Passive both cost 1250g(probably best active in the game, arguable and situational). Whereas BT is giving you 480g and a passive on top of that! This is the root of snowballing in League of Legends and the reason we see early gold nerfs to Towers and Dragons.
0	This reminds me of a time I was at a red light and some hot girl pulled up the the car next to me. I got so nervous I pretended to use my cell phone. My phone.actually rang. She saw, laughed, I dropped my phone, I go to pick it up and put it right onto my ear and I get pulled over almost instantly for talking on the cell phone while driving.
1	He is also more expensive to make. 3 model not just 1,  new sounds(go look up audio laws and unions, very costly, can't mix match voice actors or sound studios),  new vfx (new models, animations, rigging to make each vfx) some new animations, and new engineering to do level swaps, and their new fidgets while moving, plus QA costs of testing new methods and feature sets.   Even being double a legendary, their ROI(return on investment) on a more expensive skin will tend to be lower do to higher end cost effecting less total sales and the higher internal cost to make.
1	To everyone saying "herp derp TSM isn't in Korea cause they make more money with streaming".   Yes, right now they surely make more money with streaming but if you look at it, being in Korea is going to pay off more in the long run. Why? Because Season 2 finals. That's what EVERYTHING is about. Hotshot (and many others) described Korea as "scrim heaven". No one actually cares about winning that tournament (of course it would be nice to win it for the PR and cash) but they went there for one big reason and that reason is scrims and improving. You can scrim the best teams in the world there, for 2-3 months, every day. WE, CLG EU, CLG NA, Frost, Blaze, Xenics Storms, Startale etc.   There will never be such an opportunity again (until Season 2 finals) and the smart teams realized this is what they needed in order to have at least A CHANCE to win Season 2 finals.   TSM didn't go as one of the very few teams (I heard they did get invited). I guess scrimming Dignitas/mTw/some random EU teams compares to "scrim heaven" in Korea.   We'll see what is going to happen @ Season 2 finals.
1	i assume you mean it basically allows you to zoom out further and see more area around you? i guess that can help in a sense. but not too terribly much. it would make detailed/fine movements hard to do without zooming in (might misclick that CS or champ). plus its not giving you something you dont have access to, with good map awareness you can see anything you really NEED to on the minimap (enemies/wards/obj/ect).   so
0	So here's the deal. I'm gonna need you to go ahead and come in on Monday. I know you want to go on 4cat and post your human pictures for Monday Manday, but we got some serious work to do. Apparently, some one thought it would be funny to put a laser light show in the break room so now we need to capture, BY  HAND  PAW, every single speck of laser.
0	I am more likely to tell someone I had a bad experience when the chef/service staff explains to me that I am ignorant/stupid for asking something a certain way, or simply refusing to cook something I ask for.   On the other hand, I will absolutely give praise if I ask for 50 modifications and all are met with a smile. Not only will I praise, but I will tip well, bring friends back to the establishment, and plan company outings there.
0	I agree, and that means most people shouldn't be making fun of anything/talking shit about anyone/whatever in order to invite the opportunity of a fight.  If you do, you should be ready to face physical consequences.
1	As someone who was at Seoul for the finals I would say this decision makes sense. The outside venue at Sangnam killed the atmosphere. The lighting got drowned out by sunlight and and all the sound and energy just dissipated through the open roof. A small indoor arena helps keep the energy up and allows Riot to create a really epic atmosphere.   About the size of the other venues this just has to do with availability for a multi day event with added days for setup and removal. If you have ever tried to book a venue for 4+ days you know what nightmare this is. Especially when you consider that these places need to be technologically and electronically equipped to handle what Riot wants to do.
1	Soulreaver: The SR skin got a very diferent model. With this skin Draven now wears a blueish Armor, a Helmet and got some shiny blue lights on armor/weapons. His Axes are now sickles that are used in every spell. So u cnat say that the E particles arent diferent. speaking about particles: every spell (except w) got new ones. His Q lets his new sickles rotate in a blue light, E throws these new sickles again in a blue light and his R is Blue. The skins has a new voice too.   Gladiator: The Gladiator skin had a slightly new model where the biggest changes are on his axes. Like in the SR skin the particles are all new because of the axes and this time even his w lets his tatoos shine in a red light. His R got some fancy new particles. He doesnt get a new voice but a new backport.   In my opinion its Ok that SR is more expensive then Gladiator because there was way more effort to make it. Gladiator has just the new particles, backport and slightly diferent model while SR has a hughe model update, new voice, new particles. And the changes that SR has aren`t as easy to make as letting tatoos shine.
0	I have kept my weight pretty consistent with my pregnancies, but I need to lose weight. The issue was my pregnancies have been high risk. After each birth, I have had some issues with my health that has pretty much prevented any meaningful exercises beyond stretching. I also have a painful condition that will not get better until I have a hysterectomy (which they wouldn't do until I had one more baby). So, I got pregnant again so they would finally help me (it's not that I don't want this baby, I do, but I wish the doctors would have put my health first instead of putting my life in danger, which having this baby has done). I am just trying to figure out what I am going to do as my blood pressure is now an issue and if it doesn't go down it could mean bed rest (which seems impossible with a toddler). After my c section (it's not an option to have a natural birth) they will take out my uterus. This is going to mean a long recovery, and I will have two kids to take care of. Yes, I plan to lose weight, but it's going to be slow going. It has taken a long time to put the weight on, it will take a while to take it off. I'm sure people will judge me for it, but they are ignorant to the situation. My health comes first and I will do what my doctors say. I didn't "let myself go." In fact, I have not gained weight this pregnancy at all and will only be expected to gain some weight in my last trimester when the baby is getting bigger (maybe ten pounds). I have to watch everything I eat and I do. It kills me when women use pregnancy as an excuse to eat nothing but junk food (everything in moderation!).
1	You say this like it's an original idea.  People have been doing this for every IP since 3D printers have been available to the public, and they almost always get shut down because it's illegal.
1	We both play. Met before starting lol. Mutual friends played so we tried to. Nowadays die hard botlane duo on a way to gold. We play only when we are not with each other(we don't live together) so it's very nice way to spend time(usually like 4hours 3 times a week, and 2 hours twice a week). Romantically, well it doesn't change much. We are more like best friends type of a couple so we just get fuzzy comfort while watching lol. We follow NA and EU lcs every weekend. It takes a lot of time, but it is always fun.
0	Couldn't we say the same for you?   I actually will add something to the discussion however. It really is brave to do something like this because of the mass of man-hating feminist extremists that hijack a thread with their stories about how a man was mean to them so all men suck. I have met people who believe that sexism doesn't exist against men because they are "privileged" yet they do not see the actual struggles of men at all. It is similar to racism, racism can happen to anyone, period. A lot of people will say "Nu-uh! You can't be racist or discriminatory to white people!!!" This is along the same vein of this argument. Bottom line is that you can spout nonsense like that all you like, but it doesn't change the fact that being sexist and racist and discriminatory hurts...no matter who you are, what your gender is, or what your race is.
1	He said something like that in a public outlet.  That entire conversation is viewed by over 100,000 people online.  He sees that its gets an extreme negative response and then lies to you about lying about everything he said so you view him in a better light.   Do you not understand what it means for a person to suffer from extreme Narcissistic personality disorder?  The guy is a compulsive liar to the extreme. He will say whatever the fuck he needs to say to get you to trust him.  Are you really that naive to believe him?  You have to understand that he does not just WANT you to think better of him he NEEDS you to think better of him so he will do and say whatever the fuck it takes.   People with narcissistic personality disorder are actually quite functional when you first meet them.  Talking with them for a few weeks isn't gonna reveal anything as long as he is careful.  Its only once you work closer together than you start seeing problems and then shit blows up.
1	It's amazing how people think 50 games is a good indicator towards their true elo. I'm not saying you or others don't deserve it. But man, I've seen way too many bad players at 1400-1500 with 20 wins...
0	I'm not sure how far we've taken this discussion and i won't bother to analyze it further, because me plenty drunk. What i'm meaning is in relative terms, not extreme. You try to lose weight? That's not hard to do on amphetamines. A week without food, a week with heavy amphetamine use.   A massive weight-loss, right?   The crash? Huge.   Addiction? Fuck no.. That crash will stear you from amphetamines for a couple of months.   EDIT:
0	Before I knew about what "/r/" meant when people said it in real life and before I knew Reddit even HAD porn subreddits (yes, there was a time I didn't know, I was like 14), my mom had heard from a coworker at her job to ask me if I had heard of /r/gonewild. So, she asked me, and I heard it pronounced "Argon Wild" and I genuinely had not, said I'd have to check it out.   Googled "Argon Wild" and the results weren't very promising. Then I finally got what the (phonetically) "AR" meant and went to /r/gonewild. "Are you over 18 and willing to see adult content?" it asked. Me: "Wow mom, did you just...?"
1	I (~1200 elo) duo with my friend (~1650). We average out to playing vs. 1450-1500 opponents. We are having a pretty nice win % lately, and (usually Im AD carry) I feel like I been holding my own atleast vs. 1450+ lanes (not getting hard carried every game). You can still easily win with someone that "low". The only real difference Ive noticed is the elo win/loss. I tend to win more elo (~15 per win) and lose less (~9), where as my friend is the opposite (~9 per win, - ~15 per loss). The thing with elo is that it doesnt always mean skill per se. He could have recently started ranked or something, I cant know without knowing his sn.
1	So the nexus is an inhibitor, an inhibitor is a structure, and turret is a structure as well, and Heimer creates turrets, and Heimer was remade, and Sivir was remade as well, and she was nerfed after the remake.
0	Had a cat once who I would call fat all the time. (He was one obese kitty) Every few days or so, he liked to crap in front of my door. I didn't know why he chose that spot. One day I decided to be nice and pet him, and from then on, no more poo. Then one night, for whatever reason he thought it was wise to lay in the hallway in pitch black at 3 in the morning. I stepped on him on accident. That morning when I woke up, I had cat shit in front of my bedroom door again. Cat's are vindictive fucks and I hate them.
1	Worst experience I had was back when I first started playing with a friend, I was maybe Lv5 and he was Lv18ish. We both played Twisted Treeline constantly and I was still learning. I was playing Anivia, he was Tryndamere, and our third teammate was Pantheon. The other team had two afkers, leaving a lonely Caitlyn all by herself. Somehow, that Caitlyn managed to skyrocket levels and farm above the three of us and proceeded to stomp in a 1v3. My friend, Trynd, was butthurt raging about how Caitlyn was  thee  most broken, easy champion to play while I just watched his stupid reasoning silently demoralized.
0	Yes!!! Thank you! I have a female friend who has been complaining on Facebook about not being able to get a job. So one of her statuses popped up saying "I can't seem to find a job. I' thinking about joining the army". Now I kind of care about this girl so I told her it was a bad choice because of her obvious intentions of joining. I told her that's not a very good reason to join. But her right-wing buddies commented on her status congratulating her and encouraging her hasty decision and giving me shit as well for what I said. One person even told me, "that's not a bad reason to join. A lot of people join because they need the money." What?! No. I would be proud to fight for my country if needed. But I'm not going to make it a "job". She ended up not going and found a job.
0	Calling OP's statement 'not funny' isn't a fact, it's opinion.   And as a white, heterosexual English-speaking male (the people feminists are trying to gain equal treatment from) - the angrier you get, the less we're inclined to give you what you want.   Because we're the ones with the power, the higher wages, and we're the ones that do the oppressing. To get rid of that oppressing you have to make a reasonable case and appeal to our sense of fairness. Getting angry just makes you easier to write off as a lesbian, a feminazi, a misandrist, a bra-burner, all that radical flung-out scary stuff. As soon as that happens - BAM - ignored.   If you sat down, talked calmly, discussed options and made reasonable arguments, you would get results quicker.   And don't say 'how dare you deign to tell us that the power is YOURS to give, it should belong to everyone' - because there's no such thing as 'should' in a matter like this. There's no higher authority to appeal to, there's just the most powerful group. And that's my demographic.
0	I used to be one of those guys. Honestly, it took my 3 years of practice and trial and error to be able to say that I love my dating life now.   My advice: Approach dating like anything else you're not good at. Find a friend that has a way with women, read a book (Read David DeAngelo several times), basically find someone to learn from.   Then: Practice, practice, practice. Approach and talk to women, but more importantly learn from your mistakes. Athletes, musicians, and artists all work on perfecting their technique. Why treat meeting women any differently? I analyzed every message, date, and interaction to learn what I could.   After that: Understand that your belief in your ability to date women is like a table top with no legs. At first it's a bit shaky, but over time and with practice, you start to have experiences that anchor your confidence and slowly you find you're adding legs to that table, till one day it can stand in it's own.   Finally: Accept that it takes an average of 2-3 years to become proficient at any new skill. You don't pick up a basketball for the first time, shoot, miss and say "See, I'm just not good at basketball"!
0	I looked like I was chocking / crying lol... my face got all red and I had to swallow continuously which was really uncomfortable since the lack of moisture made the powder feel like sandpaper. I almost threw up from the gag reflex as well.... but I did it and that's what counts right?
1	His splitpushing power got hit a few patches back with the E changes, and splitpushing in general is less effective at the moment.   If you're referring to his ult, you can CC and/or kite him during it (or poke him down, or bait it out, etc etc - loads of counterplay options).   If you mean his passive = random crit = win lane, they are slowly phasing out RNG stuff, so I wouldn't be surprised to see it change at some point.   As it stands though, he's far from the unhealthiest champion, is not a super safe pick or anything like that (actually loses most matchups, his laning phase is weak) and his win rate is average.
1	Let's run some numbers on BOTRK vayne vs Trinity Vayne     Gold costs are similar (3628 vs 3200), so we'll throw in another dagger in to the BOTRK for the balancing question.     Crit% is essentially over long periods a % increase to AA damage, so I'll factor that accordingly     On trinity vayne, we'll assume you are maxing Q first, and W on a BOTRK vayne.  I'll take this at level 9 in both cases     BOTRK has life steal and a nice active.  I am going to say that if the damage is similar, the BOTRK will win because of this in a 1v1 situation, and because lifesteal is very nice on vayne due to getting outranged in lane     Runes not included because they will be equal or similar     Tumble is a potential AA reset.  I'm going to give both a generous and a non-generous estimate on how effective of a reset this is, one assuming instant free auto with no animation delay, and one assuming no AA reset.     I'm not throwing in the condemn damage and resulting silver bolts application here, as it's annoying to calculate and we'll assume is saved to be situational and will have a similar effect in both cases       Ok, caveats done.  To damage:   BOTRK build:  AA Damage: Base AD(50 + 3.25 / level @ level 9 = 79.25 ) + BOTRK AD (25) = 104.25 + 5% current HP Attack Speed: 0.658 (+3.1% / level @ level 9 = +27.9% ) + BORTK AS (40%) + Dagger AS (12%) = 1.184 Effective AS, perfect reset (+1 auto every 5s) = +.2 = 1.384  Tumble Damage (level 2): 135% AD = 140.74 every 5s Silver Bolts Damage(level 5): 60 true + 8% maxHP true / 3 autos   DPS, generous: AA: 144.28 + 6.92% currentHP Tumble: 7.30 Silver Bolts: 27.65 + 3.67% maxhp  Total: 179.23 +  6.92% currentHP + 3.67% maxhp   DPS, pessimistic: AA: 123.43 + 5.92 % currentHP Tumble: 7.30 Silver Bolts: 23.72 + 3.16% maxhp  Total: 154.45+  5.92% currentHP + 3.16% maxhp   On to trinity force:   AA Damage: Base AD(50 + 3.25 / level @ level 9 = 79.25 ) + TF AD (30) = 109.25 Attack Speed: 0.658 (+3.1% / level @ level 9 = +27.9% ) + TF AS (30%) = 1.039 Effective AS, perfect reset (+1 auto every 2s) = +.5 = 1.539 Tumble Damage (level 5): 150% AD + 200%baseAD sheen proc = (163.875+158.5) = 321.75 every 2s Silver Bolts Damage(level 2): 30 true + 5% maxHP true / 3 autos Crit modifier: +10% AA damage   DPS, generous: AA: 168.14 Tumble: 106.25 Silver Bolts: 15.38 + 2.56% maxHP true  Total: 289.77 +  2.56% maxHP true   DPS, pessimistic: AA: 124.87 Tumble: 106.25 Silver Bolts: 10.39 + 1.73% maxhp  Total: 245.51 + 1.73% maxhp   So its nearly 100 DPS difference across both estimates in favor of the trinity force.   I actually didn't expect that. At all.  That 200% sheen proc on the 2 second tumble with a maxed Q is huge.  The only real worry is that you only further scale that Q with cooldown reduction, not so much on attack speed.  This might be good for a certain type of midgame power spike, especially with an extended laning phase, but it will delay your lategame damage that is all about stacking attack speed with silver bolts.   I didn't factor Final Hour into the calculations, but it actually synergizes with this decently, mostly on adding the stealth to the 2-second tumble, and the attack damage being multiplied on the tumble attacks as well.   If you wanted to go into a traditional lategame build, you could build a BT and continue with the normal build with the trinity force taking the place of the phantom dancer.  If you really wanted to abuse it though, you could build CDR boots and even a black cleaver to get close to the CDR cap.   A full build path trying to abuse trinity force might look like this:   TF/Ionian boots -> BT -> Black Cleaver -> Infinity Edge -> Mercurial Scimitar   That gets your tumble down to 1.5 second CD. This could be very nice, especially in someplace like top lane where you get to abuse someone without a long AA range.   CONCLUSION  AKA
1	Kotaku conveniently left out the fact this is an Asian league. Let's be honest, Asia isn't a bastion of LGBT rights. Their title says:   >Only One LGBTQ Person Allowed Per Team In League Of Legends Tournament   Slightly misleading. Considering the readers are probably only familiar with LCS.   >Only One LGBTQ Person Allowed Per Team In Asian League Of Legends Tournament   One word changes quite a bit. This tells us that it's not LCS. Yeah, it's not right but it's ASIA not the US.   Human Rights Watch summary of Singapore in 2014: >Singapore's government further restricted freedom of expression and assembly in 2014, and turned back gains in lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights.   Is it really, really shocking that there's discrimination? No, well maybe if you assume this is occurring in the states as the title misleads you to believe. Just the region is behind us on LGBT acceptance...
0	During spring my first year of college away from home, I couldn't catch my parents on the phone for a week. This was odd, because I called my mom at least once every couple of days.   When my mom picked me up to take me home at spring break, she said my dad had something he needed to talk to me about.   As it turns out, the week I couldn't get a hold of them it was because my dad was in the hospital. He had a heart attack Monday, ignored it and went to work. He felt like crap but he's too stubborn to go to the doctor. He had another heart attack that Wednesday, ignored it and went to work. My mom finally talked him into going to the hospital Thursday night.   My dad is 61 and is now taking about six prescription medications a day to help his body deal with the damage.
0	Wrong, asking ethnicity is a way to ensure a balance of races, so that an entire college isn't made up of only white students. And I'm pretty sure that you can choose not to answer.  It's also a way to help find out demographics and finds out all kinds of information for stuff that has things to do with social sciences.
0	Hehe... Not really. I just remember one time being a DD and a girl was a bit rude to me because I didn´t want to overload the car, but that´s about it. I have however experienced a lot of different cultures when it comes to drinking. New York and London where everybody just uses public transportation or taxis. L.A. where everybody drives after drinking, and it´s socially accepted as long as you are not wasted. Norway where it´s not tolerated to drink a single beer and get behind the wheel, but it´s perfectly fine to drink 24 beers and walk in the middle of the street. Or Thailand where even I was driving scooters without a helmet, so drunk I could hardly see the road. Main point is that it´s a very unnecessary way to die, get hurt or hurt others. I know my mother would tolerate it if I die in an avalanche while snowboarding or if I drowned while kiteboarding, but I don´t have to take away any of the fun part of drinking and can still be safe.   Anyways. I´ve been drunk many times and most of those times I´m not the best person person to hang around if you are sober. I once ended up with a group of people in L.A. and it wasn´t before the next morning that I realized that I didn´t really thank the driver enough. He wanted to drink, but sacrificed his fun to keep his friends safe. That´s noble and he should be give as many medals as a soldier get for keeping his country safe. If you look at number of people killed by terrorists, American soldiers killed in war and compare it with people killed by drunk driving you will realize why I so passionate about this. (My source says it´s more than 10,000 in the US alone, but Google it yourself).   Over to my last point. This is the one that I have most experience with and it is the drunk friend/sober friend situation. The sober/sober combination is the worst. You don´t really belong in a bar in the first place. And only creepy "the game" players would ever go for this option. The drunk/drunk combination is the most fun, but you are hardly ever getting laid and getting somebodies number often becomes secondary to being jackasses and just broing out. The sober/drunk combination (or the designated driver/drunk bro combo) is a bit hard to master, but can be more effective than the classic good cop bad cop combo. In a perfect world the drunk guy smashes the ice and introduces the sober guy to some girls, then almost immediately moves on to somewhere else. Sober guy excuses his "rude" friend and the girls now have the option between the cocky douche or the polite gentleman. But, not only that, the sober guy can say: "He is really not this forward when he´s not drinking and he´s a really nice guy" and he can also say: "I´m more fun when I´m drinking myself, I hope the next time I will be drinking and my friend will be driving". Drunk guy should be picking up complimentary non-alcoholic drinks for the sober guy ever so often. Anyways, this wasn´t really meant as pick-up tricks, it´s more of a way to make the experience for the designated driver less painful.
1	I just wish Riot would talk to us because at the moment everything they're doing just seems to say (even though I'm sure they don't mean it) that they hate junglers. They keep saying they want to fix things or change things for the better but everything they've done has only perpetuated a hierarchy in the jungle where it's only about a specific set of 6-7 champions that can jungle effectively (Lee, Fiddle, Vi, J4, Rek'sai, Nid), and a set after where you're essentially gimping your chances of winning by choosing them (even if they are still playable). Even with their future plans that they have divulged, there are more nerfs and difficulties added to the jungle -- the Mandrake Ward will make our lives even harder.   Riot must know that jungle is already a thankless role: you get blamed when people lose lanes, people think they did all the work when they won, they force you to do bad 50/50s then blame you when you lose smite war, people expect us to be everywhere to babysit everyone, and now it seems Riot is destroying our role. I and all the junglers just want to be part of an open discussion with Riot to really know what is going on and what Riot is trying to do about it.
1	I think that the power of an inhibitor should be spread out from the super minion: adjust the balance by reducing health and damage on siege minions, and carrying it over to the caster/melee minions (for example, take away a chunk of the damage and health of a super minion, divide it by six, then spread that over each caster/melee minion).   Remove the current 'rule' that cannon minions start spawning every two waves, as a) it's confusing and unnecessary, b) pushing late game is easy enough, c) it's a strategic element rather than a guaranteed thing.   Then, work 'super siege' minions into the same 'every three wave' 1m30s clock, so that siege/super minions are a strategic element of pushing, rather than something that is guaranteed. They should be a power boost every 3rd wave that allows more aggressive turret tanking, pushes, etc. Have you ever heard, "wait stay -- we have a cannon minion at bot turret"?   The advantage of taking multiple turrets would be getting stacking health/damage bonuses on  all  minions -- not getting three (and even six!) guaranteed super minions spawning at once.   Where does that leave us? Inhibitors take a flat five minutes (300 seconds) to respawn, and siege minions (both super and regular) are on a 90 second timer. The third siege minion (9 waves / 270 seconds / 4m30s) will be the last siege/super wave, then the inhibitor will respawn for the 10th wave, meaning there is a guaranteed siege-free final wave before the inhibitor comes back up. As long as you clear the third super minion and 'nudge' the wave out, you won't have to worry about "shit get back to the base we're losing our inhibitor for free" unless there are egregious circumstances (enemy pre-pushed a wave, used BoC, etc).   Furthermore, this means that inhibitors taken out of sequence (ie, bot inhibitor falls at 32:15, top inhibitor falls at 32:50, so they will have super minions spawning at different times, that teams will need to keep an eye on / defend / push with, if they're attentive), further raising the  skill cap  of the push meta, without outright raising the 'power level'.     Example One -- without any inhibs down       Game Time   30:00   30:30   31:00   31:30   32:00   32:30   33:00   33:30   34:00   34:30   35:00   35:30           Siege?   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes       Super-siege?   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No       Super-minion?   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No       Inhib?                               Example Two -- inhib taken after the 'standard' cannon wave       Game Time   30:00   30:30   31:00   31:30   32:00   32:30   33:00   33:30   34:00   34:30   35:00   35:30           Siege?   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes       Super-siege?   No   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No       Super-minion?   No   No   No   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   No       Inhib?         down                 up         As you can see, the standard 'siege' minions run on the same clock, but when an inhibitor goes down, this clock is interrupted: the first wave post-inhib loss will spawn super siege minions, and the last wave pre-inhib respawn will not (though they'll still spawn the super ranged/melee minions). This is independent of the 'standard' siege minion clock, and independent of the 'clock' of other inhibitors that may fall.   It sounds complex, but gameplay wise it's really not. I blame Reddit's shitty table formatting.
1	Have an upvote for this wall of text, but you could
1	Hello guys, I've been wanting to write a statement of my performance at Worlds 2014 and I think I've expressed myself the best way possible.   So first off, I wanna talk about my performance at Summer Playoffs as this leads up to the Korean bootcamp and my Worlds performance.   I believe i was at 50% of my full potential at that time, with a lot of confidence backing me up. As we went to Seoul in Korea for bootcamp, I reached about 70% of my potential. I improved extremely despite the fact that I wasn't as motivated for going to worlds as my teammates. Obviously i wanted to win, but seeing how much they wanted it, gave me more than enough motivation to become a stronger player and give my best.   You might be thinking, why the heck wasn't he as motivated as his teammates for Worlds, as it's a dream for every professional player? Well, the answer is simple (to me atleast).   My whole dream before 2014 was becoming a professional LoL player. When I reached that dream, or goal rather, my aims for 2014 was to become solid and confident enough to compete at that level. That was all I was looking for. I never expected I would get to worlds in my introduction to professional League of Legends.   Anyhow, as we went to Taipei, the whole Svenskeren thing happened, and he got banned for the first 3 games. I want to make it clear to everyone, that no one hated or blamed him for that - also he was the one who felt the worst from all of us.   We all basically looked at it from the bright side, that it was only 3 games and not more, and that we had a sub jungler. At first i didn't think it would hit me, playing with another jungler, but it definitely did.   So lets now talk about what happened those 6 games at Worlds group stages, and what made me play as poorly as i did:   I believe confidence has A LOT to do with a players performance on a big stage. So basically lack of confidence are the keywords in my whole performance, and everyone, including myself, would say i choked. No surprise.   So there are two possible reasons to which of why, made me play as i did;     Being me, not playing with the jungler i had played with for 1 year, including almost 200 scrims in 2 weeks time in Korea.     Being me, playing on an international stage.       The answer is obvious to me, as my confidence was at 80% in the Summer Playoffs for Worlds. My confidence was exactly at the point, of where it had to be perfect, at the time in Korea also, and there is NO way that playing against the international teams, of which I had played against for 2 weeks, or me playing on a big stage had any affect on my play whatsoever.   So to sum it all up, the whole thing with Svenskeren, kind of screwed over my confidence and therefore my performance. But as I've stated, he was never blamed or hated for this, in the team. We all tried to look at the bright side of the situation and play as well as we could, with a substitute. I also wish to mention that Gilius played extremely well, taken in consideration of what he got thrown into, with barely 1-2 days of practice in the team.   I know it is big words for me to tell you all, that my performance at Worlds, was nowhere near the level that I was actually at, at that time. But this is also for the sake of my pride, and I want to prove everyone wrong.   I have never been more motivated for Worlds, as I am now.
0	This is just full of bullshit. As a traffic collision investigator I can assure you that speeding is most defiantly a factor in most collisions. The reason behind this is reaction distance and slide to stop ratios. The faster you go the longer you travel before your foot hits the brakes.   Signs are placed adequate distances for the  gasp  speed limit reactions!!! Who would have guessed! Part of our job is to ensure that those signs are set up so that people can adequately react as opposed to the engineers that set them up. If traffic patterns show a certain area is high on crashes we are sent to investigate why. Sometimes a patrol car is all that is needed to stop people from speeding. Less speed means better reaction distance and, you guessed it, less crashes.   Fear of apprehension outweighs the fear of the penalty in 75% of cases of people.
0	The way I see it,  You can be super proud of the country you originated from's culture, but not your actual race.  Since most black people living in first world countries have no idea what country they originated due to generations of being recorded as not people, but as possessions.  They don't have any ancient heritage to be proud of, because they don't know any; what they do have is a rich cultural history directly related to a past slavery and ongoing impoverishment (soul food, rap music).  Since that culture isn't directly related to any one African country in particular, their skin color is the only thing that ties it together.   Now just like a French man could sit down and enjoy a burrito, or a Chinese man enjoy some Mozart, you, regardless of your skin color, can eat delicious cornbread and listen to all your favorite hip-hop jams.  Black is very much so a culture, but cultures are for the enrichment of everybody.  If it weren't for diversity, restaurants would be shit.
1	I believe you assume a few things about the work ethic of CLG slightly without knowing the 100% true story. I grant that there have been confirmed stories of Link avoiding duo with Dexter and that there have been stories of him playing Hearthatone, but both of these things are not all too irregular in the scene and it doesn't comment a lot on Link or CLG's work ethic.   For example, om Coast Shiphtur often refused to duo with teammates and yet this issue did not stop the hype around Shiphtur when he went to DIG. Also, many famous players who get praised highly for their work ethic are seen playing Hearthatone ALL THE TIME on stream (think Dyrus, Bjergsen, Aphromoo) and these players don't eat the criticism. My point here is that Link does underperform in playoff settings from what we see, but I'm not so sure it's due to a lack of dedication or a lack of commitment. For all the public eye can see, his commitment levels are nothing if not SLIGHTLY below normal.   I'm not trying to discredit the problems CLG continues to display, but I think more emphasis needs to be placed on their probable lack of clear decision making in game and less on their want/drive/dedication to win the game.
0	My dad and I put together a salt water aquarium when I was in high school.  One of the favorite additions was a clownfish (we named him Spot).  We got him for free from some friends of ours because he was a little bit mopey after his mate died and his tank anemone shriveled up.  So, we ordered him a brand new anemone to cheer him up!  You should have seen how stupidly happy this fish was with his anemone; he spent all day darting in and out of it's wavy bristles - it was seriously like we bought him his very own theme park!   The anemone was....interesting.  We fed it shrimp by hand, and watched it curl up and suck the shrimp down and bulge happily.  It was a kooky looking thing, but we came to love it.  A few weeks later I was checking on our sea critters before feeding time, and couldn't find Spot.  I checked around in all his favorite hiding places, but he wasn't there.  I finally get around to looking around the anemone, only to find it closed and digesting.  I called to my dad and asked if he had fed the anemone already, and he said no.  Then it clicked:  The anemone had eaten my poor, lonely, bachelor clownfish.   Turns out the sea creature supply company sent us the wrong anemone for the breed of clownfish we had, and they did not enjoy a symbiotic relationship in the wild.  My dad and I soon donated our tank to the local high school.
1	The game shouldn't have been remade because Aatrox bug has been around since before Worlds. So, either disable Aatrox or shut up. If they restarted the game right when freddy said, what would be the idea? Restart over and over if the bug kept happening? Darien would have to pick another champion? Well that would be unfair since many many teams have used Aatrox and Darien had no warning that Aatrox would be disabled.
1	Alright I'll post my situation here:   I play league on a shitty laptop, it had AMD Athlon Neo K125 whatever processor, 1.70Ghz single core, 1GB RAM, whatever Radeon HD 4200 graphic card with 256mb memory.   I used crash right as I load into the game and even if I could load into the game, I still needed to wait for like 5 minutes to see or click anything, which the afk detector will kick me. Even if I could finish loading fast enough, I will get like 0~5fps with 100~200 unstable ping.(for normal computer in my region it should be ~30 ping) The game was unplayable for me.   I've done everything I could, closing all the background programs, virus scan and shit, still no hope. However, I started updating Windows(win7). After some updating, I tried to play and the game worked fine for me, 15~20fps with a very stable 30ish ping. I thought updating windows wont do much.   After a bunch of updating, I am now able to play at ~45fps and 20~30 in teamfights. I somehow got more RAM than before, it was 1GB and now 2GB. My friend said that the update maximized the RAM settings and shit. I don't know much about these stuff but it worked well for me so whatever.
0	everyone in this thread is talking about how their parents were perfect, their kids were planned, and then circumstances took a turn south, resulting in single parent upbringing. Or is flat out insulting OP.   But this post isn't directed at you. This post is directed at shit like.....20 year old promiscuous girls who get knocked up and when the father bails, posts 50 baby pics on Facebook and post statuses about how they're "strong, independent women and don't need a man to raise her kid" and "being a single mother is the hardest job" type people.   It's targeted at people who, if they had it their way, wouldn't have/want a kid at this point in their life, and come to accept their child because they kinda have to. But because they've grown up a smidgen and accept the child, they think they're the greatest thing to grace the planet and should be exalted for it as if their actions are tantamount to curing cancer.   The parents who care most about their child realize that it's their duty to raise the child and that's it. They don't parade around their child as a means to flaunt some perceived accomplishment. This applies to planned and unplanned children.   But if you're someone who thinks you're special because you got knocked up, without realizing sex has consequences, and now you're raising a child alone, and believe people should kiss the ground you walk on because of it, then get the fuck over yourself.
0	you seem to be missing my point so i'll be as calm, cool, and collected about it as i can because i think it's important.  I don't hate religion because they express their views in forums dedicated to that religion.  Much like i don't hate atheism for expressing atheist views in /r/atheism.  I also don't hate religion for attempting to gather converts by going out in the world and proselytizing (which is why i support atheist activist groups).  I do, however, have a problem with religions trying to a) pass themselves off as science.  b) indoctrinating their youths into thinking that there is no other way to be other than x religion.  and c) using scare/hate tactics to gather converts and keep members of their religion.  Atheists (and /r/atheism, which is a forum dedicated TO atheism) do not do either a, b, or c (at least the atheists I hang out with/support).   I think i understand that the joke is supposed to be that /r/atheism has the same hate/supremacist vibe that many people in /r/atheism rail against religious folk for having (hence the hypocrisy).  However, i don't think much else should be expected from a website dedicated to atheism/atheists.
0	Mayweather has been #1 for a long time. Pac has never really been #1. If you really scrutinize the fights, the weights and the times, Pac has fought the far more inferior competition. There is a large filipino market that purchases boxing and is willing to spend $$ - only if Pac is at the top. Moves are made to falsely market him as a top fighter even though he is 3 fights removed from being knocked completely unconscious by a much smaller fighter. Of course, all of his fans dont acknowledge this, turn a blind eye to Pacs steroid allegations and continue to tout him as #2 falsely. This is really justa circus at this point. A 38 year old Mayweather is nowhere near prime. A KO'd Pac is not prime. This is a fight between two non prime fighters, so for a real boxing fan this is Ho Hum. To the casual Filipino, this is the superbowl.
0	If you support the idea of states rights, I think you are an idiot. In the civil war states rights meant allowing slavery. Look at the first article of South Carolina's Declaration of Causes of Secession is about their state-right to own slaves. It was certainly the rallying cry of the Confederacy, even if it was also the rallying cry of the Union (which is debatable). After the war, state's rights meant not allowing reconstruction(i.e. allowing black people to vote, own property, live without persecution, etc.). Then it meant allowing Jim Crow laws and segregation. Now it means banning gay marriage and abortion rights. State's rights has always been a trumped up argument for state sanctioned oppression throughout American history. A strong federal government is the only thing that has made civil rights possible in this country.
1	You've got an interesting problem... because you don't actually own the copyright in any of the original content in your video. Riot of course owns all the League-related content, and the sounds you added are obviously sourced from somewhere else. Normally the answer would be just put a notice with Youtube who will take down their video (almost automatically). Problem is (1) it's probably not worth it since that "copier" barely has any views or notoriety and (2) he can file counter-notice saying it's his and you would be dragged into a pretty pointless lawsuit.
0	You should find a good community gym in your area, one where the trainers are a big family and the whole environment is one big family.  I pay 70 bucks a month to go a gym like this, I'm very athletic I'm not overweight, but I do see overweight people there, some more severe than others.  No one will do anything you said above, a few reasons why is     the gym community will not accept it, especially the trainers.   the high membership fee weasels out the non dedicated and those that maybe intolerant of others.   everyone there has the same universal goal of being healthy, whether it be a beef cake lifting all the weights, a college kid training for track, a senior citizen trying to stay fit, parents, kids.
0	My first experiences of sleep paralysis  were  terrifying, but after I read up on the condition and understood it would eventually end, I started  looking forward  to the 30 seconds of helplessness. It had been years since I had an episode. 3/10 on the scary meter.   However, what  is  terrifying me these days are [hypnagogic hallucinations]( These sneaky buggers attack as you go to sleep.   Imagine drifting off to sleep, but your scumbag brain says "Nope, it's too quiet." Time for some ...     Loud demonic screaming and groaning - first few times 8/10 scary, but now only 3/10 scary.       Fingers touching all over your body - 11/10 on the scary meter, there is no getting used to this experience.  Every time it's my own private horror movie right inside my head.     Very cold - 2/10 on scary meter.       These only occur once every couple of months or so and thankfully, I can just wake up from these hallucinations.   However, just thinking about the invisible fingers touching/poking my back is now causing waves of terror to roll over my body raising all the hairs they encounter.
0	Not OP, but my story: When my son was born, I did see the gash, but it was only by chance (and not at all by choice.)   Wife went into the operating room and they had to start cutting before I could go in. The door to the room was on the "business end" of the curtain, so my first shot once inside the room was of the doctor cutting into my wife. They had to walk me around to the other side of the room to get to where I was allowed to be.   I expressed the possibility of problems upon seeing my wife cut open to the nurse before going in, and she basically had me in an arm bar (holding my upper arm near my shoulder, and by my wrist) and rushed me through. I think she had me by the arm and had leverage on me in case anything happened, but she never mentioned that being the specific reason. She also walked me basically against the wall until around the curtain. I imagine it wasn't the first time a husband had expressed the same thoughts in the same situation, so it was probably routine for them.   I still remember the operating doctor holding my son over the curtain so that we could see him and cracking a joke to relieve the tension. I don't think my wife remembers any of this, but I remember being the happiest person in the world, and scared to death all at the same time. I literally had tears of joy and fear running down my face all at once. Seeing my wife shivering on the table, and being completely out of it was very surreal (I think the nurse said her body had gone into shock due to her being awake for the surgery.) Seeing my son didn't ease my fear for my wife, but alongside it was this feeling of intense happiness. It was a very weird sensation.   I'm sorry I turned this into a wall of text. It's the first time I've actually talked about.
1	Good teamfighter? Really? But anyway. I can either give these the treatment you gave several champs, or describe those champions the way you described these I think I'll do both.   So Shaco, the guy who either has one clear combo Q-> E + (R/W if you can get away with it) if possible or sits in a bush with several boxes. His kit screams damage, and it really boils down to one combo and his ult if it's up.   Lulu, in lane E -> Q -> W on their ADC, R on adc/you whoevers lower. Teamfights, Q and W on threat, R on your initiator. Fascinating kit really Clearly boils down to combos. And yes she can go elsewhere, but that doesn't change how she plays.   Nidalee. So we have AD Nid, auto attack forever, W -> E -> Q, dead if they're low. Really low risk champion. AP Nid, Q all the time, couple of W's, really interesting right there.   So that's a somewhat exaggerated version of your approach in your first post. Now to the 2nd.   So how is Jayce different from Nidalee, he has mana sustain rather than health but beyond that does very similar things with a lot of build options, he has mobility, team mobility, range, poke, pushing power and assassination potential. He has some clear tradeoffs in his skill use, if you use E to poke you might not have it when you need it if ganked etc.   Elise is a poke-y champ, she has a great kit in human form (one ability is clearly best, really? W is AoE with massive range, E is a revealing long range stun, don't see how these are clearly worse than Q, Q is just her bread and butter damage) she can go all in from great range but this sacrifices her only good escape for a significant time period. She can be built as pure damage or a tanky bruiser. She can also play 4 roles, top, mid, jungle or support (yes its an aggressive lane but no different to blitz, stun and her great base stats on skills enable this)   Draven I am somewhat inclined to agree, but of course it's about damage, every adc is, even the two more utility based ones. And it's going to boil down to auto attacking, he's an adc. None of the adcs have the most fascinating playmaking kit. But anyway, Draven has his E which is a fairly unique skill, displacements are relatively uncommon and his can knock in two directions, and he has his axe catching mechanic. It's not the most interesting kit on paper, but it's very dynamic in game and goes with a great aesthetic.
0	I work with an atypical Mormon, I guess. He drinks soda. That's kind of his drug of choice. He limits himself, though. Him and his family do not dress a certain way. He curses like a sailor and talks about railing his wife all the time. His wife was actually Jewish before she converted. He's also into heavy rock, which features some very un Mormon lyrical topics.   He does go to church for hours every Sunday. His wife is his only partner ever, and they abstained til marriage. Basically, he is the opposite of an extreme Mormon, but still very faithful to his religion and church.   It's funny, we have guys night out where a few co workers will hang out after work then see an action flick. We all smoke and drink, but Mormon dude just chills with us without partaking. We're all pretty sure he got a contact buzz one time. Good stuff. Great guy, though.
1	okay I'll probably be downvoted for this but imo idc, so as follows     yes doublelift talks trash and does deserve to be get trash talked back     as people pointed out double wasn't really attacking chaox he was more commenting on wildturtles supperior performance     chaox's response was much more the response of a more childish player (he was benched for maturity issues and overall attitude) and this further illustrates it     I do think double is one of the top AD's in the world and would showcase that more on a team that is not CLG because they are a pure one trick pony team and thats the protect the DL comp. (which personally I don't think they execute as a team as well as you think they would)     this game against Dig showcased that in a very apparent way as CLG has 0 threats outside DL Scarra said it himself that from top they feel no pressure from HSGG and I think Link while talented is still very uncomfortable in this play style (kinda like how Voyboy was)     It's the same thing just last week when double made the amazing plays everyone was all "DL so Good GG" and then when the whole of CLG plays like trash it and considering Digs comp DL only died 3 times and kept up in CS (cause at that point Csing is really the only thing he can do to try to stay in the game) I think show's DL is very talented but does have a habit to be out of pos. sometimes which resulted in his 3 deaths
1	His logic IS flawed, because League of Legends isn't a boolean game. It's not a matter of "This beats that, that beats him, he beats her, she beats this." This means you will never be able to perfectly balance all the different play styles. This leads to the fact that one lane setup will ALWAYS be superior. It will provide the most pressure at the least cost to your team. Compare duo targons top to having a jungler. Some people say that the jungler provides enough pressure to counteract the extra gold you get from targons. Some people say the extra gold allows you to pull ahead early which negates the jungler pressure entirely, and then pull ahead of a jungler later on. We don't know which is strongest because the duo top targons strategy is too new. If we were able to play it as it is for the next 3 months, you would find that people would discover which strategy is the stronger one, and everyone would play that.   It doesn't matter how small an advantage any strategy gives. If it gives you even the smallest possible advantage over other strategies, it's the stronger setup, and as such everyone will play it.
0	if you get hacked once, im pretty sure the hacker could get your other password too, even if it was different.   plus, if you used different passwords for everything, "someone could use the information they get from one account to compromise the other ones"
1	i don't think you understand. memory leaks occur when memory is allocated on the heap and then not freed, resulting in effectively wasted RAM. memory leaks are the exception rather than the rule when it comes to programming. programs are not shitty pipes that sometimes break and leak, they're mathematical.
0	The packaging for a case is  not necessarily good for an assembled PC.  Way more weight,  much more fragile components.  Most packaging now is designed to handle the product it contains and nothing more. You might get lucky, but that's not what it's designed for.
0	Bought a Mitsubishi Eclipse from a repo dealer. We test drove it and the transmission was off a bit. Didn't shift well in low gears. The repo said they would fix it if we would pay the original asking price and we got that in writing. It was about a grand less than kbb value so it sounded like a deal. We fought them for around 6 months before they finally replaced the master clutch cylinder. They debated us on how fixed, fixed meant. Does it work at all? That's fixed. They had us taking it to this run down shady looking shop. 3 times we brought it in and they kept it for a few days then got it working fantastic and a few days later it'd act up again.
1	This may sound silly but i think it is the best way to get your Elo up. Play support, nothing but support, why? Becuase then your map awarness will increase by enourmous amounts and try not to rage at people. You will end up with retard ad's who make your life miserable but just suck it up, try to ping/ward for the others in your team. After a while with playing support you should move on to your favorite position and with all the things you have learned about awarness will help you win most of the time.
0	When I was around 20 I had a job at a local library. It was about a 15 min drive away. Being young and wanting to do a good job and not let anyone down, I worked for a stupid ass bitch and took her shit.   Well one winter we had this wicked snow storm, for sure the library would be shut down I thought. So right before my shift, I called in.   "Oh we are still open, you have to come in and work" Me:"really? Who's going to the library in this?" Boss:"we have clients, you have to come in"   So I get ready to go, and my mom is floored that I am going out in the weather. I left and it took me about 45 min to do a 15 min trip.   When I got there, my boss then says "I forgot you drive in"  (many of the workers were within walking distance). She asked how bad it was, I said terrible, she said I could leave early.   When I got home, my mom asks if my boss said anything, I said only that I could leave early. She said that my boss called back 5 min after I left to say not to bother, and my mom tore her a new one on the phone...   Mom FTW   (FYI, my future wife's step father also tore her a new one after she told me explicitly - in front of him and my future SIL - that I shouldn't be helping patrons and I should be doing my job (shelving books) )   On another note, during that massive blackout 8 years ago or so.. My wife and I called our offices, no one answered at hers, so she didn't go inthe next day. I called mine, and my manager said that yes they were open and to come in.   I said really?   She says "yes, we have power, we're open"   I said "we may have power, but what about our clients?"   She just said "you have to come in"   So I made a very dangerous drive in, because half the city was still without power, including many intersections.   A coworker tried to get in via subway, and gave up because of the mess..   So from 9 until 1 I sat around and did nothing because (hark) we had no work, our clients weren't as stupid as we were to go into work...
1	NOT what I was getting at. I'm not change adverse, just things that make the game more shitty. Clearly, you're here to make an ass out of me by saying those builds I gave an example to were troll builds.   There are clearly some points that have merit, but you've not touch on a single one.   I'm mostly speaking about how they've cheapened the game by forcing the meta even more of ward wars (not that engaging), gp/10 items, and the support as merely a moving ward to facilitate. What I am saying is that because of this lack of gold, when shit hits the fan and the carry cannot maneuver to do dps, the support who hasn't the items they could have in the past built, because the entrenchment of the meta can't effectively bait as well as before or delay. Champions who support using shields, like Janna, were diminished in that their shield doesn't apply the AD bonus if the shield goes away. It is easy for this to happen if Janna simply builds gp/10.   They made this worse by adding even more with gp seals, making it mandatory that every support get them or doom themselves. They've narrowed the margin of deviation one can have to conduct their support the way they want to. Champions that don't fit well in the gp/10 mold fall off as supports. It is much harder to build supports outside of the GP model, whereas before, this was much easier, the meta allowed it.   I don't get why everyone can't contribute to damage and soak outside of fodder. It's just really more passive play than it was before.
0	RE: DAYS   Days with meds are much more structured and calm and organized. I plan my day out, I have things that I want to do and I do them. What it comes down to is that I generally act like a normal person. And that's what the meds are for.   Days without meds are much more wild and... let's go with unpredictable. There's no sense of organization or structure or planning of my day. I start and don't finish a lot of tasks. I bounce (literally) from one thing to the other to the other without actually following through on (m)any of the things I started. I  always  have things to talk about and usually-not-so-profound thoughts to offer, even if no one else really cares or wants to hear them. I cannot sit down and do any one thing for a long time, unless it's something highly engaging, like xbox or the Internet or sometimes a really engaging book - anything where things change very quickly, very frequently. I need CONSTANT stimulation.   I also get hyperfocus sometimes, where I get EXTREMELY engaged in some task or activity that I'm very much invested in, and can spend hours and hours and hours (we're talking 6, 7, 8 hours sometimes) doing that. Once it was the shower. I spent well over 3 hours cleaning the entire shower-bathtub combo, including toothbrushing the shit out of the grout with bleach water, taking off the tub faucet and shower head and cleaning their insides, opening up the drain and removing all the hair and gunk. The only times I got up were to get more bleach and to reposition myself on the bathtub ledge. Another time it was a hockey article that I wanted to write that required a TON of data. I spent 8 straight hours (literally... I got up off the couch I think twice in that entire span, once to pee and once to get some string-cheese or something) collecting all the fucktons of data I needed and organizing it and creating charts and graphs and stuff.   So yeah. That's my days with and without meds.   RE: Driving   FWIW, I got into my very first (and only) major car wreck on a night when I hadn't taken my medication during the day. It was partly because of the lack of medicine. I was feeling impulsive and thought I could make the left turn across the road before the car coming towards me reached me. Turns out I could not. (I also have never told anyone it was partly due to my ADHD, I just realized. Huh.) Granted, however, I was also 16.5 and had only had my license for 6 months. Being a new driver was also  definitely  part of it. I think your brother will be fine, but without a doubt, he should make sure he takes his medication before he drives. If he gets distracted by something or isn't paying attention or his phone goes off or something is making a weird clicking noise and annoying him or just feeling impulsive and speeding or cutting people off or whatever, he's going to be a lot more likely to take his eyes off the road and/or accidentally hit someone.   I'm 24 now, and by now I have driven without my medication many times. I haven't gotten in any more accidents or even come close to any, but I always do feel a little bit more reckless when I'm driving without meds, if I'm being honest. I also live in Boston now, so that might have something to do with it because the drivers up here are fucking IN-SANE.   DRIVING
1	I've been forced into every single role while playing ranked. People should worry less about what their "main" is and more about being at least competent no matter where they go. If you always call mid, you don't practice everything else, and you're gonna get stomped when you have to go elsewhere.   I'm not saying you have to be equally good in every role. I focus more on having three or four champs I'm good at PER ROLE, rather than being excellent at only one role. That way you can try to pick a matchup you can handle, no matter where you'd forced.
1	there are 2 of these threads on the frontpage currently.   we dont need either.   zzzzzz.
1	thread is so fucking relevant, new and exciting, and pretty damn legit (and/or 'real') for just seeing the title and
1	I'm gonna go with vayne almost every time.  I don't ever see varus doing anything but dominating lane with his 'free trades,' and then only when played well.  All things being even amongst carries, his late- and mid-game is generally lackluster.   After varus gets out of lane, his kit doesn't help him AS MUCH as vayne's does.  His ult is very impressive, but everything else... eh.  The blight mechanic is pretty tough pull off without either going for a close-range Q (danger) or charging up a long-range Q (fewer autoattacks, less damage), or using your slow (the closest thing you have to an escape).  Don't get me wrong, his kit IS USEFUL and gets the damage out... it's just lackluster compared to other carries.   Vayne, meanwhile, has an AD steroid, a healthy dose of true damage, a stun on a MUCH shorter cooldown that RESETS HER AUTOATTACK (another autoattack during vayne's R and coupled with her W proc is a very potent combo).  She also has a dodge that, if learned properly, is VERY useful in lane against difficult enemies (blitzcrank pulls, varus shots, caitlyn shots).  However, you are more likely to get eaten without a good support.  Take Nunu to ramp up into midgame better, leona/blitz/taric for a kill lane, or soraka if you're feeling scaredy-cat.   By the way, vayne's range isn't "a lot" lower than varus's.  It's only 25 which, while noticeable, isn't going to hurt you until you get to higher elo.  Furthermore, her range is on par with or higher than all AD carries except varus, ashe, and caitlyn (and of course kog with his W and trist after a certain level).  See
1	they used to have that as kayles passive, and it made her incredibly broken (was like s1 or something). if they make it like it, it'd be incredibly op like it was on kayle, except people will abuse it on people like jax, who are already incredibly strong atm. or if it was given really low values so it's not over powered, it'd very easily be underpowered and never used.
1	I'm plat 5 atm, but in the old Elo system, I have been constantly stuck in 1350-1450 region for decades. What got me out was, get yourself into mastering few roles and perfect some champions. Read the guides, watch the pros play them, watch tips and tricks and see how you're supposed to position, when you're supposed to go aggressive, what you're supposed to do after you get a kill/get killed. Have answers for every situation that happens to you with that champion. Now do that with at least 3-4 champs for AT LEAST 3 roles. Then you will know what to do to carry people, it will come easy for you. Also if you're struggling pick some soloq stomp champs like: akali (amazing brust, invis, 3 gapclosers + refresh), kha'zix (ranged poke, invis, amazing 1v1 damage, refreshable escape/gapcloser), miss fortune (press ult while in good position and their team melts)
1	Welp,trying to be objective/neutral here:   People are People. He(or someone else) is playing good? Hes so good,when he plays bad its just a bad day because he showed us how good he can play( oh please..)   but when he plays bad(a "few" days) is it just a bad week or whatever.   What I want to say it that the LCS plays only 2 LCS games a week. TWO games.   You can speculate of someone is good/bad but never ever judge him over two games,you just cant. Just simply because people "believe" that someone is absurdly godlike or just super bad based on two games against different opponents with different champions/situations.   I have my opion about Wildturtle and other players but its MY opionion and till the playoffs as a BO5 is played I will neither say that hes god or bad, even when I believe I know it already.   After all nobody cares. Why? His fans still love him and the "haters"(thats another category but that would take too long
1	I am in no way a high elo player, but i am pretty good at this game and i think i can give a few tips.  You should try to play really defensive/passive, and only go up to the minion wave to last hit. (note: stay in xp range)  It is hard, but very rewarding of knowing when to go in to farm and when to trade. At early levels, you want to be trading when you have a minion wave advantage, level advantage, position advantage.   If we take the specific matchup Riven vs Teemo, this is a breakdown of what is going through my head. Did he use his Q? Did he become overagressive? Did he make a major mistake? (ex: take a lot of free minion dmg, poke you under tower while taking a few tower shots) All of these things signal that you should go in.
0	Its safe to say he was dating his mom, they broke up because his dad (also married to his mom) found out. Instead of his dad killing him he brought him food and beers but only after his ex girlfriend/mom (same person) told him to.
1	A lot of times they just don't see the value in it.  I know I auto-attacked even when I was lvl 30.  Once I gave it an honest shot, it felt great because I had more money.
0	and as someone whos been labeled like that, im going to have to call out your bullshit.   >It's misogynistic when a man treats us like a friend and then finally reveals his intentions and expects us to just jump on his dick.   When the fuck has this happened  ever.   More like, guy is too nervous to make his intentions known (not always just sex, but go ahead and assume that. ), once the friendship leads to him being more comfortable around you, he feels confident in making his interests known. But go ahead and try to paint him like a predator.   If you wanted the person who likes to feel entitled to sex and shame people who don't give it up, [that would be this feminist](
1	I just recently carried myself out, and here's how:   I tried my best to say as little as possible during the game, with the exception of "gj" or "nice". Pings can cover everything else. If you get a rager or feeder, just ignore him. Often they are just looking for attention. Then, if you truly win lane every game, after 50+ games you should be out.
0	I'm glad someone posted this.  There was a thread the other day about a guy that let his cat outside, and later found out that it had been eaten by coyotes.  In typical reddit fashion, anyone that said it is best to keep your cats indoors, got murdered with downvotes and negative comments.  I think that you can let your cat outside if your location and property support it; ie if you live in a place where there is little to no traffic, no predators, and you can keep your cat contained while outside.  We live in a quiet suburban neighborhood where there are always cats roaming. And there are also dead cats smashed in the road frequently. We keep our cat inside, but we have a fenced backyard that we let him roam in once in a while under strict supervision.  He is too lazy to try and get over the 6ft privacy fence.  If you are willing to let your cat roam, then I think you should feel responsibility for what happens to them while they are on the lam.
1	I have never experienced this on Summoner's Rift, but in every damn game on the Howling Abyss before first blood, but sometimes also after first blood. Windows, PC.
0	This has been my philosophy, and I'm much happier for it, mostly.   The one time it came back on me, was loaning $1500 to a friend to get her car fixed. We had it, didn't matter at the time.   Fast forward to 6 months later. I lost my job, we really needed money, and she inherits a ton of money from an uncle, tells us almost immediately that she's gonna pay us back when she gets it.   She disappears (to us) shortly after, ends up taking ALL of her party friends to Corpus Christie on her dime, gets arrested, has to make bail, gets a huge fine (so we heard). She stopped talking to us even though she had been best friends with my wife and even lived with us for a while when she fell on hard times.
0	Anyone on the left would just be a liberal (I was mistaken as socialism is a subset of liberal which is ultra far to the left). There's liberal, conservative, libertarian, and totalitarian/authoritarian arranged in a cross. (It seems I misremembered and wrote socialism instead, which is just an ultra left leaning so you'd be correct.) The former two are at left and right respectively (this is our traditional linear spectrum) and libertarianism and totalitarianism are at the opposite ends of the up/down axis.
1	Vayne has a shorter range than most of the AD carries, though bigger than Urgot's. The thing with Vayne is that she can, theorically, use her Q and dash every 2_3 seconds. This is how you kite people. But most of the time you won't just try to kite depending on your opponent. Vayne's playstyle is very passive, people may think she is aggressive as fuck. But no.   First of all skill order : Don't take anything until 2 if nothing happens, you don't know what you'll need. But if everything rolls fine (u can farm, no big aggression etc) just take Q then E. You HAVE to max E first. This is why vayne is kind of passive. Basically during lane phase you'll have to farm like crazy all day long, and EVENTUALLY, if someone of the botlane misposition (in a position where u can stun him with E and deal double damage, next to a wall, or if you see a good opportunity flash to position yourself to put him in a wall if not too dangerous etc..) just engage, deal damages, and if you see that your burst is too low, don't keep up, because when you burnt ur E, u don't have much left. If you have your ulti and someone missposition, that's a FREE KILL. I can guarantee it to you. Depending on the support you're facing ofc. When mid / late game arrives, you should have bought your first item: black cleaver and berserker greaves. At this point check what you need : If you're having a hard time dealing with the ennemies, just get lifesteal (wriggle's is fine if there are lots of ADs (i.e : jungler solo top ad carry are all AD), otherwise if there are lots of health go for madreds.. if squishies go for triforce, and if mixed just go phantom dancer. I think that's it.
0	My parents were diligent in this as well. We used to have warnings when friends stay over that if we woke them up twice in one night, or once after midnight, she would take everyone home.   We tested that once on accident, my parents used to let people stay over all the time as long as it was planned ahead, usually had three or so people stay over the span of the week and I never broke the rules.   Then one weekend at my birthday party I had 4 or 5 friends over who were staying the night when one person decided he was pissed he kept losing in Halo2 and shouted at everyone. 3 am in the morning she drove them all home and woke up their parents. Oh shit were my friends pissed at me once that happened and pissed at the kid who decided to be an asshole. He was never allowed over again after that.
0	The last time I ate Sonic, I found the legs of a spider in my empty tots box when I finished.  Not a  whole  spider mind you, just the legs.  I could not locate the body of the spider.  I can only presume I unwittingly ate it.  Interestingly, the legs were still held together by whatever it is that holds them to the spider. It was like someone lifted the body off of a tiny little truck, leaving the frame, if the tiny truck was actually a spider.
0	Im okay with the small amount of live action shows on cartoon network(theres only one,which is the incredible crew, which im mixed about) but i hope cartoon network doesnt go the way disney channel went which was it had an equal amount of good cartoons and good live action shows...then the live action shows attacked.now theres only 3 on dsny chnl and it seems like they want to make xd for cartoons and dsny chnl for live action shows. But hopefully cartoon network wont go the way disney channel did.
1	I think this is needlessly complex. Zed wanted to be viewed as a real son by beating Shen and winning the approval of his father. He was even driven to "forbidden" arts by this, and when he returned and was given another chance by his master he most likely consented but actually had one of his shadows follow his master into the temple (he ain't dumb, and he still has doubts about his father suddenly being willing to let him wipe the slate clean). Viewing his adopted son as nothing more than a corrupted failure, the master kills the doppelgänger while Zed observes unseen (the shadow would be a realistic clone and would scream in it's demise). The real Zed would reciprocate his master's sentiment, and I'd like to think that in his dying moments Shen's father would realize that it was not the box or even his failure as a master that drove Zed to this, but his failure as a father. Afterwards Zed would go all Anakin Skywalker by bringing about literal "balance" by thinning the ranks of the Kinkou.
0	You joke but I was fired from a job because I found a method of doing that job that was about 18x faster and still more accurate as well. I was doing it my way and got raises and praise for the work I was doing in the position compared to how the company was prior to my hire.   Then one day my boss saw how I was doing the work and confronted me that it wasn't how I was trained.  I showed him calculations comparing it's efficiency to the old way and explained that in the free time I had I double checked all the old data that existed prior to my hire and found that there methods had caused about 10% of it to be wrong all together.   They explained that it's important to do your job as your instructed and when I tried to argue that they were losing money and time this way they decided to let me go the next time I walked in 5 minutes late.  I later heard through the grape vine that they stole my ideas as well as software I had written in my free time to perform my method and are having the new hire do it that way.
0	You couldn't be more right about this. You pretty much described the entire relationship. I could go on a huge rant about her because the break up is still fresh and I'm still angry, sad, etc., but I'll save you the boring details. It does still hurt a little because I do care about her. But you're right when you say not to date people who are in any way unstable. &nbsp;   She did end up resenting me, she did have extremely poor communication (which often lead to fights), and I'm pretty sure she looked in every direction for someone else to comfort her and take her side while she gets shit faced and has a pity party. &nbsp;
1	I think that's it's actually completely fine to build silly things like that if it's in a normal, as long as you do that consistently. This is because of MMR; if this person would be 1500 if he followed standard builds, then perhaps he'd be 1300 using his own ideas. As long as he's consistently doing that and not doing that only when playing with you, it should have the same effect as if your friend just happened to be mechanically bad.   That said, doing that in ranked I think is just a really poor idea because it will really negatively affect your team's morale and probably draw some flame to you for queueing with him. It would also draw down his MMR there, so if he ever wonders why he can't climb the ladder this would be the reason.
0	See, here is the problem. You define strength as purely the ability to put forth the max power in one rep, which is ridiculous. It's really not that useful in daily life.   Sorry but this is bullshit. Do you ever use 50% of your 1RM? Now if you double your 1RM suddenly that movement that was at around 50% of your 1RM has become only 25% of your 1RM. If you think this does not make a significant impact on your daily life you are delusional.   > flexibility is always useful.   Yes and no. Flexibility is useful if it allows you to perform a movement correctly. Further flexibility without the goal of performing a movement correctly has no use. Striving for flexibility without having a concrete movement goal you want to reach does not improve your health or quality of life.   On top of this one way of increasing your flexibility and more importantly finding out where you lack flexibility so you can train your flexibility with a concrete goal and a way to test/retest is a proper strength program.   A good strength program will train you in the basic movement functions (squat, hip hinge, push and pull) through the full range of motion. If you have a flexibility deficiency it will show in the movements performed and practicing the movements will actually help you get more flexible as well if done correctly. I found out I lack a good amount of ankle dorsiflexion through practicing my front squat. Front squatting has helped increase my ankle dorsiflexion and has given me a method to measure progress.   Don't get me wrong I think flexibility is very important and I'm always working on improving mine wherever it hinders me in performing a movement I want to perform. I even do yoga somewhat regularly. I just don't think flexibility is a relevant indicator of health or quality of life. Also flexibility usually disappears in elderly because they lack strength which leads to fear of using the end ranges of their range of motion which in turn leads to more disuse of that end range and a decrease of flexibility. The best way to keep flexible with age is to perform the basic movements through a full range of motion with the aim of maintaining or increasing strength. This prevents disuse, prevents fear of movement (very important in elderly) and strength leads to stability which leads to flexibility.   > You say a body weight program with 6 movements will provide a full body workout, and I won't deny that you can hit most of the fast twitch muscle groups like that, but you really have no control over the balance in which muscles are hit and how. You end up strong for a few specific exercises. You say swimming is notorious for creating muscle imbalances, which is true if you only do one stroke ever, but a 6 movement weight lifting regiment is way worse than 6 varied strokes in swimming.   This is not true. There are 6 basic movements that when combined in different speeds/intensities etc. create more complex human functions. These are the squat, hip hinge, push (horizontal and vertical) and pull (horizontal and vertical). If you train those movements equally you will develop a balanced body. You are not increasing strength in only a few specific exercises, you are increasing strength and coordination in basic human movement function which translates really well to more complex movements (way better than the other way around).   The 6 varied strokes in swimming will still be way less balanced than this 6 movement template.   > meaning if you want to engage in a new activity, you now have to train extensively for that activity, rather than a more balanced approach as I've suggested, which gives you a better adaptability to new activities.   You alwasy have to train extensively for a new activity to become good at it, no matter what you do. Training adaptations are highly activity specific no matter what you do. It's just that strength training using basic compound movements is the least activity specific adaptation of the lot and it is easy to train and even more easy to keep up (cardiovascular endurance drops off very quickly when not training). I was also not talking about the context of getting good at new activities. I was talking in the context of general health and quality of life. If you want to get good at a sport train that sport (and do some resistance training as it's awesome).   > Fact is, my weight lifting buddies are all jealous of the strength of my climbing buddies.     This is a fact concerning a couple of your buddies, great sample size and high quality measurements to go by.     The chance your weight lifting buddies are on a good strength program, focus on improving their movements and are working through a full range of motion is not that high.     How is this strength measured?       > The climbers, the good ones, definitely push a lot, but that comes with flexibility   I'm sorry but flexibility in no way whatsoever will improve your pushing strength, in being overly flexible can decrease it. You have to have a pretty damn abnormal flexibility deficiency where it heavily impacts your movement pattern to have it decrease your pushing strength.   > and understanding that its a full body activity.   Resistance training is a very good way to learn how to use your entire body in a coordinated way. I have always been an athlete and yet when adding proper strength focused resistance program to my training my body awareness and inter-body coordination went up significantly even tho I always regarded those as my strong points.   > Plus they actually have finger strength   Again activity specific and not really contributing to quality of life or health. Also have you tried heavy deadlifts? Grip strength is often the weakest link in those and they are a staple in most proper strength programs.
1	So I was constructing a theory craft thread with all the necessary math comparing Kennen, Graves, Vayne, and Sivir. Unfortunately I am an idiot and was doing this directly into the 'post new thread window' when my browser crashed 45 minutes into construction.   For the numbers you will have to take my word on it as I do not feel like rewriting my entire original post.   Comparing the four above mentioned champions, Kennen has by far the best overall base stat and base stat scaling. The only two exceptions being Kennen vs Graves in health, and Kennen vs Sivir in run-speed (although they share the same 310 base).   In addition to base stats that scale, Kennen out-ranges all three with 575 range, vs Vayne's 550, Grave's 525, and Sivir's 500.   My post then continued comparing level 6 damage during an 8 second duration. This was assuming perfect game-play against a single target which had 850 health, 25 armor, and 30 magic resist. This also assumes the discussed champions have zero items.   While Graves managed to take first place with damage around 750. Kennen was a close second with damage around 700. Sivir placed third with damage around 600, and Vayne was in dead last with damage around 500.   Then, lets compare defensive/escape abilities   Graves: 10 MR and armor buff, combined with a short range skill-shot dash. Can move through small terrain barriers.   Sivir: no direct escape skills, however she does have a very reliable spell-shield on a medium-long cool-down.   Vayne: 1.5 second stealth on tumble, in addition to the distance traveled. Tumble cannot move through terrain.   Kennen: 4 second 230 speed buff that ignores unit collision, increases MR and armor by 10 at level 1 and 50 at level 5. Oh and it can also deal damage and enable his stun.   Then last but not least, lets compare CC.  Sivir: None   Vayne: A single-target knock back that is also a situational 1.5 second stun that requires terrain collision.   Graves: Small radius vision blocker that acts as a 15% slow at level 1, and 35% at level 5.   Kennen: AoE and Single target stuns that can be accomplished through skill combos, in addition to the guaranteed AoE stun from his ulti.
1	I don't want to sound like a douche but the main thing that an adc (well a good one) will focus is farming and i thing that a good support is the one that should adapt himself to the situation and try to share it. Usually the support will manage to get the farm since relic is an execute. I understand the frustration of a support if the adc always manage to get the last hit while you have the relic stacks but how many times did i lose a farm simply because i tried to let the thresh get the last hit( and it's even more annoying if it's the canon).
0	I never got into the habit of using the snooze alarm.  My partner uses it 3 times EVERY morning and gets up earlier than me EVERY morning.
1	as a DOTA 2 player, not really.  DOTA has a much much slower game pace.  Mana costs are often so high you can only cast a spell one time before you have to wait for regen.  Some champions have cooldowns that are insanely long.  It's so damn tough to farm in DOTA 2 that nobody jungles right away (or very few people do and it rarely works).  The game is just hands-down slower as every starting champion in DOTA 2 is weak like a minion.  Also, everything costs more to purchase.  Also, when you die you lose gold.  Also, the map is proportionately larger.  Also, there are more structures to destroy.  Also, the structures are harder to destroy.
1	I no longer really care for the song. The Basshunter Dota song is actually about Dota. Warriors is a motivational song not actually about league but about a general idea. The song on the Imagine Dragons spotify page makes 0 mention of league of legends. This is just riot paid imagine dragons to say they liked league and that this song is "TOTALLY ABOUT IT".
1	I second Liernet's opinion. I play him much more as a mage and he hits harder than a lot of people expect. My build rests on mpen reds, mp5/18 yellows, AP / level blues and flat AP quints. Run 9 0 21 masteries with the last point in mpen...though 0 9 21 works too for the extra MR. Flash n Ignite. This initial set up with a Doran's Ring will sit you at 47 AP right out of the gate. Level Q (resolute smite) and E (wind) consistently unless you are getting harassed, in which case a point in W (bulwark).   A Q E combo will really hurt folks and if you have a friend in lane, it is so easy to zone people out from XP with it...the only unfortunate piece is that consistent QE usage will run your mana down low...but if you can harass successfully, if you haven't gotten a kill by 6, your ult should secure it for you.   My typical build goes D-Ring, Chalice of Harmony, Merc Treads as all of the MR tankiness boosts your AP heavily. After that, for a normal game, BVeil / Abyssal Scepter / Hourglass are all clutch...Hourglass in particular for the active savior after your ult. Because I feel very confident with him, tossing in a Mejai's before BVeil is hilarious. Bveil and Hourglass can keep your stacks nice and safe...I've had a game or two of about 15-20 kills, 0 deaths, and 10-15 assists...you melt people.
0	This one time, we had a substitute in band class. Now, generally, the subs don't care if we take out our devices, because we can't play, and there's literally nothing to do.  So, I asked to go to the bathroom. I don't know what happened, but apparently, this kid got yelled at for taking his phone out, but I was in the bathroom, and he never said no phones were aloud. So I'm playing on my phone, then out of nowhere the sub screams,"HA ANOTHER ONE!" And I'm just sitting there like What the fuck? It was a long conversation, but I'll sum it up for you. He called me stupid, he called me a liar because I can't remember the subs name that let us use the phone, and privileged because I was the only one who could use my phone in class. He took my phone away from me. He got reported but I had him as a sub again. He didn't remember me, but I sure remember him.
1	I want to share my own story which seems to be "ontopic" to me. I was Gold Season 2 on my mainaccount and had no trouble to get there. After my placementmatches i only needed some games to reach 1500 elo ( back in the old days of elo :D) and got my reward.  Season 3 came and i was silver 1 after placementmatches, but stopped for a while playing because of personal commitments in my real life, so i droped to silver 2. No big deal at all, i got back to Gold in a reasonable amount of games.  At the same time my girlfriend was stuck at bronze 4, doing what most bronzies do--> blame the team. She did rather okay in normals vs plats, so i figured she just lacks the right mentality and not mechanicks.   I went on to level a smurf from level 1 to 30, which is a journey of it's own when you play vs a 4er premade with double diamond and double plat at level 23 without any premades on your side, not even 1 person at level 30, but that's another kind of story. When i reached 30 i played my placementmatches with her and went 6/4 oder 7/3, i cannot remember. The funny thing was--> i got placed in bronze 1 and wasn't happy about it, but whatever, let's go on. We Duo'd for some time and she managed to climb to silber 5 after around 1 and a half month.  And before someone points the finger on "elo boosting"--> She played each game herself and earned it, there is no rule against duo, no matter which ratingdiffrence.   The part of this story where it becomes' ontopic: The time i was also in bronze /silber 5 was acutally hard as fuck, even if i can play around plat level. People don't listen, because they lack of basic knowledge for example when to push or not and all those things. And they mistakes there are such huge, you do have problems from time to time to come back from it, no matter how good you are.  This is no joke, i went 5/0 in 5 minutes as lee jungle one game to see my team 0/4 behind before i smited my second buff!!! the next game. I rrly had to fight my ass of to get up to silver 4. At that point, people stop doing the worst shit and you can actuall just carry. I went on a 16 games winstreak without a problem and without arrogance i can say i did the most in those games to win it.  Managed to get gold on the smurf aswell before season ended in around 100 games or so, but half of them i derped in bronze 1/silber 5.
0	Try doing any meaningful cancer research without using any primary tissue culture. I fucking dare you. HELA lines can only get you so far.   Edit: Animals are euthanized when harvesting primary tissue cell cultures (they would not survive it)
0	This probably doesn't apply to quite a few (due to age), but here goes my little piece.  If a girl is at a bar, she's there (most likely) for the same reasons that you are...to meet people and be social.  I had a taste of this case this weekend with my buddy at a bar complaining he couldn't meet women.   My response was a "listen, there are about 100 or so people at this bar.  If half are girls and half are single, then that makes about 25 girls that you could potentially meet.  Now you're going to sit here and tell me that you don't have a chance that one of those 25 is going to be interested in you?"   Ultimately, girls want to give you their number, you just have to ask.  And in the infamous words of a friend, "dude, chicks want to bone just as much as us!"
1	I get that Rito doesn't want to balance the game around URF, however I have one word to counter that argument: DON'T. It's a game mode strictly for fun and some children want to just play to win and complain that everyone is OP, what these babies don't get it that everyone IS supposed to be OP. Some of us want URF to return because we want try all of the possibilites all of the champions, summoner spells, items, etc.
0	I thought it was cool and all when they first started doing it, but after today I'm a little disenchanted. There are a lot of other kids out there that would love this special treatment too, I bet. If another kid asks for batman, or spider man or what-have-you, are we going to go through this whole thing again? Unlikely! This stopped being about the kid, and became more about people doing something for the sole purpose of making themselves feel good. I wouldn't say it's false empathy, but rather false altruism.   I'll probably get booed here too by going a step further- the kid in question isn't "dying." It's in remission. This is not likely to be his last great memory, but there are some kids out there where something like this WOULD be, because they are NOT in remission. And if that really doesn't matter, what about all the other caner survivors out there?
0	As an englishman in Connecticut getting used to higher units in terms of prices was what got me. There were no units on labels at most stores, if a big bottle of milk was $3 I would automatically assume it was £3 since it only said "3.00", so I'd be outraged for a split second and then realise.
1	First of all, I'm hoping for Fnatic to win and I absolutely love Febiven and the fact that he is so confident & playing so well! That being said, let's get a few things straight: As awesome as they were (especially for a Zed main such as myself), the Febiven solo-kills on Faker's Azir are the result of a favorable matchup and Febi's confidence and knowledge of the champs' capabilities. Furthermore, Faker did not pick Azir in order to dominate his lane.. he picked it for the team and lategame power, which ultimately contributed to SKT winning the game even after losing the early game so hard.
1	Im gonna go ahead and guess that because you are on reddit you've read a good amount of the tips on here, avoid going on tilt, try to stay calm, ignore trolls, duo with a friend, play one role and have 1-2 champs for the others, play only one champ and see how much elo that champ gives, etc etc etc. so this may sound like something you have've been told before , but here you go,   There is a significant difference in skill between bronze, silver, gold etc to improve your skill enough to move from one to the next takes a lot of effort. From bronze to silver a good way i guess you could say is to...   -ward   -become the leader of your teammates   -master your own lane   -understand when to stop chasing your opponent   -farm that's key in all of them.   Could into great detail about everything but I'm pretty sure a lot of people have stopped reading anyway so ill just say this
0	my mother did this after she quit the new girl wasn't working out. she consulted out her services at something well over 100$ to train her, the company tried to re-neg but they never signed a contract with her and she was only charging them market rate for an outside consultant.
1	and...what? have you been banned? how do you know they reported you? League is a game that brings all sorts of people together from disparate places and many of those people rage, and many don't. You can hardly say that this is "what the community has become" based on a single game with 9 people you've never met and might never meet again.   Writing reports is pretty bothersome when 1) the tribunal is down and 2) you want to queue up for another match and don't really care about what happened in the previous one, which I will say is my attitude and is one i've had that's fairly prevalent. Even on my most toxic days, back when I raged because I thought it would help, I only ever got RIOT's little warning thingy once.
0	One time in college I was in the library on a Friday evening writing a lab report. Pretty much had the whole place to myself. Decided I needed to take a poop and was both inspired and exhilarated by the idea of no one walking into the public bathroom while I did my business. Then, just as the seat hit the critical warming point and I began to fully relax for what would truly be a rare experience, the door creaked open and the cleaning lady asked if the bathroom was occupied. I sheepishly replied in the affirmative. She left and I went about my business, taking an extra long time to fully appreciate the experience of having a public bathroom entirely to myself for an extended period of time. Finally I commenced the ceremonious occasion and walked out with my held high...but then my heart, pride, and head sank as I saw the cleaning lady outside the door. She had patiently waited the ENTIRE time I was in there. To make matters worse, she was fairly attractive. I haven't been able to relax my anus in a public restroom since. And that is my story.
0	I met her at a bar (and for the record I didn't know she was going to be there), and she was really short. I'm not a Snooki hater and I don't watch Jersey Shore so I don't really get all the hate.   I'm not an extremely tall man, average, and she was half my size.
1	Discounting someone's opinion entirely based on rank is an issue the Sc2 Forum has and it's a very bad logical fallacy. A logical fallacy is a device that sounds logical but is, ultimately, false.   For example: I'm sure somewhere, some bronze player swore by Ravenous Hydra Kha'zix. That probably wasn't the most optimal build at the time, but it's still a good build. That Bronze player was probably insulted, ridiculed, and laughed at by the "superior diamond players."   You could have an IQ of 30 and still possess the ability to say something right that is an apt criticism. It's highly unlikely, but possible. Credability only determines the likelihood, not the certainty, of being right or wrong.   Likewise, it doesn't even matter the "Mechanics vs. Knowledge (it doesn't matter if you can execute the play, or if you can think of the play, either way, it only matters if you can make plays). Criticism can be correct from any source, all that matters is what's said.   With that being said, this isn't criticism "OMG Wikd sucksa so bad 4 buildin' trinity on Malphite." This is illiterate bashing, if you want to have valid criticism change it to something more akin to this "Trinity Force is inefficient on Malphite outside of laning phase and other items offer better tankynesss while still providing a damage boost, and thus allow Malphite to fulfill his role of tanky initiator anti-carry.
0	so, this dude and his girlfriend are living across the country from each other, as she has started uni or college or something.   they don't see each other for ages, 3/4 months or something like that, he goes to visit her (around xmas time?) and they get to business, having been apart for some time.   he discovers she has a funny smell in her lady bits, but they are pretty keen to get to the action so he pops a jolly rancher in his month to try and cover the taste while he munches down on her, at some point he accidentally pops the jolly rancher inside her while eating her out, so he pops his fingers in and manages to pull out what he thinks is the jolly rancher, sticks it back in his mouth and it pops.   it was a Gonorrhoea  pustule, so he discovers his missus has been cheating on him whilst at college/uni and also gets some of her lovely Gonorrhoea.
1	Im thinking they wanted her to jungle.  Remember she came out during the farm fest days of jungle in season 2 and she has a great farm jungle oriented kit.  Her shield allows her really to never worry about hp after the first clear and she is then only mana gated which blue solves.  The biggest problem they have is the shield scales on ap.  So people realized well if I have 600 ap I get a massive shield times 2.  Then they say well since im now building ap holy crap my ratios on q and r are pretty darn good to and oh my passive also has a decent ratio and assassin diana is born.  She became akali 2.0 with a decent pre 6 laning phase and post 6 she became one of the most dangerous champs to lane vs.
0	You sir, are correct. The vast majority come from very poor places. Myself included. Can you blame them though? They have no real shot at college, or even meaningful work. We never have had money likes that before. At the height of 911 paranoia, we were paying kids straight out of the slums 10-25k sign on bonuses; healthcare, all that good stuff. You are correct, but understand, this is still not their war to fight. They are signing on to contracts from the federal government, and are expecting them to be fulfilled. Many of us are disabled from the current wars and need help. We are more or less being denied our benefits. The VA does nothing in a timely manner. The running joke is they give us paperwork that takes so long to process, er will die before it actually happens.
0	fuck this kid. yes. fuck him   when i was in first grade, i met a new friend, and he was really cool. like had a cast that he let me write on cool. one day he asked if i wanted to come over and put together this huge new lego castle he got. and boy was i excited!   my mom dropped me off after school and as my mother is talking to is in the kitchen, we run into his bedroom and he starts pulling a box out from underneath his bed. HUGE BOX! it was the largest lego set i had ever seen... but it didnt say lego. Oh well! it's still a huge castle.   He dumps the pieces on the floor, and the look dull and just not right... lo and behold i could barely get three blocks to stick together without falling apart.   ME: "Whats wrong with your legos? are they broken? they dont work right...:   HIM: "Noooooo! They're Mega Bloks, my mommy saud that they're much better than legos are!"   ME: "Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa MOMMYYYYYYY!"   At least my mom was still in the kitchen and she took me home to sob quietly into a pile of REAL legos
0	I can't recommend this. Benzos are extremely habit forming, and withdrawal can make you feel incredibly anxious/depressed, on top of lots of other fun neurological symptoms like twitching, tremors, seizures, insomnia, and cognitive and memory problems. As if that weren't enough, there's something called protracted benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome, which is where those lovely symptoms last for months, years, or possibly even the rest of your life! If you feel like you absolutely must medicate, stay on them for as little time as possible, and definitely seek additional help in the form of behavioral therapy and counseling.
0	Holey Smokin' PEaches!!   [When You Can Kill in Texas](     On Christmas Eve in 2009, Ezekiel Gilbert paid an escort he found on Craigslist $150 for what he thought would be sex. Instead, according to the San Antonio Express-News, 23-year-old Lenora Frago left his apartment after about 20 minutes without consummating the act. Gilbert, now 30, followed her to a car with a gun and shot her in the neck through the passenger-side window. Frago became paralyzed, and died about seven months later. Gilbert admitted to shooting her but contended that he did not intend to kill.   Gilbert was tried for murder. Last Wednesday, a Texas jury ruled that his actions were legal. That’s because Texas penal code contains an unusual provision that grants citizens the right to use deadly force to prevent someone “who is fleeing immediately after committing burglary, robbery, aggravated robbery, or theft during the nighttime from escaping with the property.”
1	Notable events:     After ~2 min of /all chat laughter, our secret plan was to steal their buffs.  They did the same thing.  Some of us buy machete items for an unknown reason.  I forgot to buy start. items because I'm laughing so hard.     Our team declares that this is now an ARAM game.  They don't object, and all come mid.  Our team plays it straight: No B unless death, no jungle, no top/bot.     They destroy us for the first ~20 minutes, getting to inhib turret.  Quickly they have a 20 kill lead, at least. Xin Xhao won't stop shouting 'wa kai pan' and suiciding and I try to see how many cleavers I can hit in a row (~18).     Before ~20 min, they break the pact first. Eve is periodically pushing top w/ Maokai.  We start warding and also find them in our jungle but we try to play straight ARAM, only responding to their "secret" top/bottom pushes by killing a few waves to protect turret     Right around now, there's a dance party at Baron for ~1 minute.  I call for a betrayal of the peace on skype and we initiate w/o any focus.  We're deservedly ace'd.     Regardless, by ~25, they've pushed all lanes to inhib.  We have their mid at inhib turret.     30 min: We're tired of losing and start split pushing back, finishing builds, and warding like crazy.  Start of TryHard.exe.  I also call it 'Wiggle's Lantern' around now and no one lets it go.     We gank them hard, they lose their aggression, only periodically taking one of our inhibs.     Phase II of TryHard.exe: We ward their base like...a lot.  We ward their base so much they oracles / pink ward everywhere.  But the damage is done.  We're teleporting into their base constantly and with little organization.     Not caring about deaths, we all just keep killing ourselves to destroy the rest of their base     Victory.  Their team tells us to report Tristana for unknown reasons.     I honor everyone on their team.  Receive 0 honor in return.
0	Unicorns are a fairytale version of a middle eastern deer during the earliest recorded civilizations. It's antlers were bound and grew almost as one from the center of the head, giving it a unicorn appearance. This was seen as a horse like creature to the Europeans and they believed it to be magical or some shit.
0	Love the seal, but I hate the fact that the puffin always got to the top with popular opinons. And thats reddits fault not op. I treat unpopular opinion puffin like opposite day.
1	Her Q is spammy, but has unreliable targeting that makes it almost useless if you're ganking a lane early game and someone is among their minions, wasting mana while also not contributing to DPS. Her E is huge burst and defensive shreds, yeah, but it's got a cooldown that keeps it from being useful more than once in a typical trade. She has very bad base stats to compensate for the fact she can become invisible at will, but aside from the movespeed boost on her ult, she has no other innate gap closer. Doing well with Eve requires that you take advantage of low health enemies that are being a little too brave, but if they invest in an Oracles elixir or sight wards, they can see you coming and you lose what only advantage you had. Back when she still had her stun when attacking from stealth, that brief window you got was a very minor additional advantage that helped her get kills or assists easier, but that was removed.   Contributing to this, she benefits most from building AP despite being a melee ranged champion, so she's got to go toe-to-toe with whoever she's facing while having very low survivability. Building straight AP (and not getting fed enough to get, say, RoA, Lichbane and Deathcap) gives you some good burst, but then only against a single target at a time. She has next to no use in a teamfight, and if even one of the enemy has an Oracles (and they will), she becomes a liability instead unless everyone else simply accepts the idea of having nothing but 4v5s while Eve tries to clean up anyone weakened enough to be picked off.
0	Well, I mean, let's even take a look at Welfare, which is a step beyond Unemployment, and is  actually  government funded and therefore possibly, tangentially, your business as opposed to unemployed insurance which is funded by the businesses themselves and none of your damned business.   I had it for a grand total of 4 months, during which time I received roughly $200/mo. That's not a typo. That's what Lewis Black would call "just enough money to remind you how fucked you are".   In the state I live in, you are required to participate in "volunteer" programs. They are, in my experience, necessary things. They are things that local businesses, non-profit though they may be,  need  to get done. However, instead of evaluating their business model to get the work they need done, they sign up with the office in charge of the program, and they get people being herded in upon pain of loss of what little money they  are  getting to work.   Altogether it's a  massive  minimum wage dodge along with a government subsidy for work that  should  be going to paid laborers. You're not getting paid for the work, you're receiving government benefits that "coincidentally" will end if you do not perform said work. As such, it's very common in this state for people to be working 30-40 hours per week for what amounts to $2/hr or less.   When I was in, they assigned me to a "volunteer" program at the other end of town. Requests for a closer location were met with "we don't have anything". At this point I didn't have a car I could legally drive there, so I had to take the bus. By bus (our city has a horrible public transportation system), it took nearly 3 hours each way. Furthermore, the buses start running at approximately 8am and stop running at about 6pm, so while other people had to go 3 days a week, I had to go 5 because I still had a "minimum required hours" and transit time didn't count, so after transit time I couldn't get in enough hours per day to get in the 3 days a week worth of time that those who lived closer and/or got better transportation got.   So, every weekday I spent 100% of standard business hours unable to job hunt. Incidentally I still had to get in an additional 10-20 hours of documented job applications each week, but it was rarely face-to-face application because they were already shut down for the day.   So,
1	If your default state is being toxic, that's pretty much on you, not anyone or anything else.   The reason you shouldn't be toxic is because all you're doing is ruining the game for yourself  and  for others, and if you're being restricted repeatedly, it might be because the system is processing all your reports gradually rather than as a lump sum. Like it or not, if you were bad enough to warrant punishment, it's your own fault, and by continuing to be toxic you're building yourself up to an account ban.   You know you were toxic. The chat logs might show you exactly  where , but you already know you were. If rational, calmly-worded tickets to Riot Support isn't getting them for you, that's not any justification for continued poor behavior.
0	I dated an angel for two years.. I know what you mean. She started out so unashamedly sweet. Everything was an excuse to smile. Everything was going well and the relationship was better than ever. The sex was amazing and often. I began falling, hard.   And then the emotional attachment began. Things I said and did started to elicit responses I couldn't quite understand. She started to break down into fits of uncontrollable tears after sex saying, "I just love you too much." I would just hold her. I didn't know any better.   She started getting angry more easily, and more often. Every mistake was an excuse to raise a voice, and hurl a sarcastic quip. I started to argue back. I tried to argue reason and logic, and would end up sending her into a flurry of emotion. She walked out on me more times than I can remember.   Then, it starts to get worse. Gradually, as with this entire experience, it hits unknown areas. So slowly you don't even realize what  is  actually happening in this relationship. You start justifying things. You start making excuses for her. As her actions continually get worse, you simply don't know what to do.   And then one day, it hits a breaking point. She starts to 'lose her temper.' She throws a few punches before she realizes what is happening. This opens a gateway to more physical ness in each encounter. But you're never scared of this. You're like a big dam holding back the flood of her rage. There is not a blemish in your structure, or a crack in your resolve. This doesn't scare you, yet you wish it would end. One night the dishes start flying at you from the kitchen, breaking and hurting you, cutting your face. Before you know it, you just have to pick her up and hold her in hopes to quell her uncontrollable emotions.   And the next morning, when she is back 'down' from her mania, she sees what she has done. And she'll ask quietly, "Is there something wrong with me?".. ... .. "Yes." is the only word you'll manage. Her hands are soft and cooling, a harsh difference from the night before.   "I think I need help."   She'll start to go to the doctor, the therapist, the psychiatrist, anyone at all who has an answer. It won't happen immediately. Mis-diagnosis happens at this stage all the time and they want to make double sure. You'll wait weeks while you see her struggle with herself. She'll describe it to you as if she was watching her body from a distance when she is angry. She has no control. She feels so lethargic. Then the next week she's bounding with energy and completely focused. A hundred words a minute. Sex 3 times a day. Shopping spree. More Sex. A crazy typhoon of energy and passion. And it ebbs away. She slinks deep into a depression. She won't get out of bed unless it's work or a doctor's appointment. She won't kiss you. She doesn't want to do anything. You are utterly lost.   And that's when the diagnosis comes. Manic Depressive Bipolar Disorder. A chemical imbalance in the brain, whose treatment results are intermittent. You love her, and pray that she can lead a normal lifestyle. You've been there for her this long. You can't leave now. What will happen to her if you left? Would she be able to manage? She tells you that you're her foundation. Could you really let the sea of anger and hate and self loathing sweep her away? You're the only thing she has left. Does she still love you? She says she does. You still love her. You're going to help.   Her prescription comes in. She isn't really talking about what it is going to do and what to be prepared for. She is scared. But you comfort her. You remind her that you're there for her and that you're trying to understand what it is she is experiencing. You read online that her lithium treatments will dramatically amplify pre-existing symptoms before it starts to get better.   You prepare for the worst.   But it's funny, see, because nothing scared you before. Threats of violence, of breaking up, and all the slurs and hateful things said. None of this scared you, so far. You knew deep down it wasn't right. But you still loved her and hoped you could see her through to being her old self again.   But then, you get the phonecall. It probably came late at night, after a bad fight. She is crying. You aren't sure why. It's 2 am. She won't speak but you hear her throwing up. You start to get scared. You wonder what is happening.   click   The line goes dead. You call back, "Hi, this is Kayla.." Voicemail. Call again. Voicemail. Call a third time. " Go Away, I hate you " You don't know what's happening. You try calling more and still get nothing. You fall into fitful sleep.   The next morning. She calls you and wakes you up. Her voice is as cold as the air outside. "I took too many of my pills last night." Nonchalantly. Your world is turning upside down. You want to get out. You don't want to leave her. You're scared for her now. You worry about what she'll do if you go. All these multitude of emotions rile up and froth beneath the skin. And everyday you paint a smile on your face and go to work, wondering if the girl you love is out there somewhere ending her life.   If any of this seems traumatic and harrowing.  This is only the beginning . To all the people out there that have dated someone who has bipolar disorder and doesn't react well to treatment, my heart goes out to you. I love you all, and I know the battle you fight everyday, up hill, to make your world, and theirs, turn. Please don't ever give up on yourselves.
1	Can we stop complaining about this, lets stop whining about 70-90 ping, upgrade from dial up to avoid spikes that the community complains about, yes I will agree 40 ping vs 90 is huge advantage for the other team...when your challenger, but if diamond players are so passionate about lower pings play on LAN servers. I am plat 3 and live in Florida and ping has never affected me besides when the server itself is lagging and I'm Loss prevented
1	I agree with rotarytiger but I think his statement that ranked games are not for fun is false. I believe that they are for fun but the fun comes from winning.
1	I can play any role perfectly, Im a 1900 elo player. Now Im playing solo queue on another account at about 1330 elo. The problem is, that ppl who are first pick tend to call solo lanes. Anyone who went past Silver knows its dumb, you will get counter picked. Plus I WOULD play any role if everyone knew how to play the lane they called but they don't. So Idc if someone called a lane, I tell them ''Dude you are first pick, get a jungler or a support'' and I pick the top or mid because I know ill carry in these roles.   PPl think you can carry as a jungler.. NOPE if your lanes are shit you cant help them that much and a legendary jungler always ends in a loss.
0	For those looking for more info, she was a friend's sister (became a friends in her own right later and joined our dnd group), but she doesn't play video games much.  She has never played any Legend of Zelda.  My group talks about various video games a lot (and we love LoZ games) at the table during down time.  I really think she did this to try to fit in. When we corrected her on Link's name, she was confused at first, then acted like she just slipped. Maybe she did just slip, except we (friends + brother) know she's never played...
1	Recently the sub has been reminiscent of WoW's forums after a patch. Patch days in the WoW forums were pretty much a cluster of hate/rage/angts/crying...it's so pretty much the Holocaust...literally the holocaust of forum chat...
0	So fun shit, just recently wrote a research paper on Gmos. They are almost all totally safe to eat, some modified specifically for animal feed might not be the best for you , but you won't die. Also due to anti gmo lawsuits, there are lots of hoops to jump through to prove they're safe and additional testing and more expensive patents that make it impossible for all but 5-6 firms to actually develop gmos, the biggest one being Monsanto. The biggest real concern people should have is pestacide use. But even that is being improved. Like bacteria and antibiotics, weeds and bugs gain resistance to pestacides, warranting stronger chemicals. However gmos are a solution to this problem. Right now, bt crops are 100% safe for people and reduce crop loss by 60% compared to untreated crops. Herbacide use has increased though, but no faster than it would have without gmos due to the natural adaptation of the harmful plants.
1	I believe it's all to do with confidence when they verse the smaller teams they have the mentality that they will crush and win but when they verse other teams they get into the mentality that they will lose and get stomped so they play re actively instead of pro-actively.
0	If you ordered a laptop off the internet, and when it arrived it was a different brand (let's say HP rather than Asus), but just had just as good specs, you'd probably be confused.   If you needed to use it, the laptop would probably work just as well as the one you ordered, and for practical purposes, you wouldn't care. Processor, hard drive, all there and fine. maybe the webcam is not as good, or something you don't care about.   But you'd have to wonder what the hell the seller was doing sending you the wrong thing. Especially if it later turns out that  all  of the laptops he'd been selling were not as advertised. What if they were all dodgy and died after 2 months use? It's possible that could have been the case if he'd sent you the one you'd asked for, but now he just seems less trustworthy.
0	Why do these things have to be considered guy things? I have a vagina and it does not prevent me from watching horror movies, playing video games, reading comics, fishing, & playing Magic the Gathering. It does prevent me from peeing while standing or writing my name in the snow.   I honestly have like 2 real girl friends. The rest of my time I am hanging out with guys. If the guys want to incorporate other females into the group I don't care. I will care if she starts whining about how long they're gonna be or that she can't watch this movie it's too scary or that she doesn't understand why we spend all our time on a silly video game. Then it's time for that bitch to go. I don't care if the dude that brought her is trying to bang her, she is annoying & she has got to go.   So I guess it's not that I want to be the only girl in the group, I just want the other girls that come into the group to not be such fucking pussies.
0	The dude was cursing his "god-like metabolism". I think we can safely say that he wishes he didn't metabolize as many calories, so that he would bulk up more easily. People flip out whenever someone says "I wish I metabolized more/less calories", whether or not the person whose comment is rustling the jimmies is talking about base metabolism or not.   And no, base metabolism is not all that matters. The rest of your physical activity beyond survival matters, as well. If I'm sitting around all day, I'm going to gain weight pretty easily, because I'm metabolizing very little over my base metabolism. If I am active, I will metabolize much more than the average person (because of a combination of a physically active job/lifestyle and being almost 7 feet tall).   Again, the  whole answer  is more than just "lol, eat more" or "lol, base metabolism ftw". Base metabolism is one thing to consider, the rest of your physical activity is another thing, and diet is yet another (both quantity and quality).   And, before someone pulls the "Oh, this guy just  thinks  he eats a lot, but he doesn't know", yes, I do know. About 4,000 calories a day. I don't run. I bike less than a mile a day (commute to work), I walk around a store all day, repeatedly lifting and carrying 50+ pound items, etc. I have plenty of heavy-set coworkers who are not likely to be downing 4,000 calories daily, and we're doing the same work, yet I lose weight, and they don't. Yes this is anecdotal, but I'm sharing because it fleshes out some ideas substantiated by some good research that's been done.
0	I used to wait tables. While this should be obvious to anyone who has done this sort of work, I knew a  lot  of people of who did drugs, mostly smoking weed.   I, myself, enjoyed the sensation I felt after smoking a bit of this stuff myself. So, too, did my roommates. Generally, we threw in on a bag here and there.   I've always been a bit good at math. I realized that if I purchased in larger quantities than I would not only receive a discount, but I would be able to sell 3/4 of it and it would be like getting the last 1/4 for free. At this point, I would purchase about a QP (quarter pound) at a time.   Soon, I carried the math a bit further. If I purchased even more of the sticky icky, I would not only receive an even larger "wholesale discount", but I would also profit. I sold to my coworkers discretely and made more from weed than from actually working.   One of my roommates had a sudden craving, for pizza. Also for cocaine. My supplier  also  supplied that! This would be even  more  money for me! So I started dealing that, too. Math, you know?   I only made it snow for my roommates and one of my coworkers, a jubilant large gay black male. And by jubilant, I meant happy. But I meant something entirely different by gay, as he liked to fuck other men in the butt.   Hey, to each their own, this dude was nice as fuck and cool as hell. Or maybe nice as hell and cool as fuck? I'm not sure, it doesn't matter, he was a bro and he gave me money for rock, not cock.   One night I rode home with him (we were later going to my house for a party, carpooling was just more good math). I broke him off a bit, made $50. He also asked me to look at his computer, those darned popups. While I worked, he got ready for the party and did a couple of lines. I had the  best shit , yo.   The next thing you know, I find out that black guys really do have huge members, as his is about 8 inches from my face. He asked me if I'd like to get comfortable, too. I politely declined and asked him to get dressed, or otherwise hide the rather large serpent that was staring at me like I was a two dimensional dinner.   He was offended, and moved the piece in for a "kiss", at which point I gave him a hand job. Well, I punched him in the balls, close enough.   He seemed to lose the mood at that point, at which point I took his car and went home. Totally left him out of the party that night.
0	I want to backtrack slightly on part of my statement. I said that a child's best chance is with "two parents of different sexes," and I realize that was homophobic. But I do feel that two parents will have a higher likelihood of more effectively raising a child, especially considering that some of the immense responsibility of parenting can be shared. But not only that. It's also more likely that two parents in a stable relationship are at a point in their lives where they already have the resources (finances and time, notably) to raise a child effectively.   I certainly stand by my statement that you are now downplaying the irresponsibility of your actions. Again, I'm not trying to argue that your baby will not be "awesome," it's just... well I hate to be harsh, but I will be.   You yourself said it was a mistake to not wear protection, indicating you did not intend to have a child at this time. And you will eluded that raising a child will be more difficult for you as you currently have to continue school and start your career. So you would agree that it would have been easier for you to wait to have a child after establishing a career and laying down a strong foundation for your future?   The probability that your child will be raised effectively has been lowered. Now there are a lot of factors that go into an upbringing, and I'm sure you will capitalize heavily on the ones you can control (e.g. good parenting style, playing with your child, teaching right from wrong, love and compassion) but there will also be other factors that you will be less able to control due to your situation (e.g. amount of time you can spend with your child, finances, etc.). Every little bit counts. As I said previously, it won't be impossible and I truly wish you the best... but that doesn't change the fact that you did not make the best decision by having unprotected sex before you had truly prepared to have a child.
0	You jump to conclusions. In English, "you" is  both  singular  and  plural. When brettonlee says, "Make sure you're emotionally and financially stable and prepared," s/he is probably referring to both involved parties. S/he in no way implied that the boyfriend in the situation should be financially responsible for the girlfriend.
0	Mad Men, every free second of my day, Mad Men, lunch break at work, Mad Men, bus ride home, Mad Men, waiting for the microwave, Mad Men, watch it on my PS3 and when I get called out of my room I switch to my iPhone, Mad Men has taken over my life recently. On season 4 right now. If you haven't seen it I suggest you put it at the top of your queue on Netflix! Last time I remember getting hooked like this was Dexter, Breaking Bad, Community and Arrested Development. Basically OP what I'm trying to say is... Dat Feel...
0	In Germany we have a lot of Turkish people because they were needed in the workforce after the second world war. While there certainly is a lot of crime coming from those neighbourhoods (they tend to live near each other), the most dangerous regions in Germany are those (mostly in eastern Germany) where there are a lot of neonazis. They are the demographic most prone to violence and murder. The turkish population's prone-to-crime-subjects tend to deal more in drugs, and other nonviolent crime gangs. But still, the stereotype remains that turkish youths are dangerous. This, i think, stems mostly from the isolation that the two groups (germans and turks) exert on each other. I grew up in a town where the percentage of turkish people is >60% and in kindergarten and elementary school i as a kid felt the need to lie and say that i'm not german because there was so much hatred and racism towards german people in this town (at least coming from the kids, the adult turkish people are isolated from the germans, but there is not as much outright nationalism). So there is a devide, but it's (in my opinion) not a germans-hate-muslims thing, but both groups are weary of each other.
1	I don't know if he really behaved like an asshole, but we totally perceived as he was behaving like one.   Idk what happened, maybe a combination of Curse starting to lose more (voyboy champion pool nerfed to the ground and so on), his 'apparent' behaviour, and some poor performances by him (eg smites), but his popularity fell like a brick... he had the most popular stream before s3 begun, having more viewers than anyone (even theOddOne): now he's struggling to get more than 6k viewer (even though he got 9k yesterday -cest times here- night, but he was duo-ing with an skt member).
0	I just cruised over to /r/atheism. On the front page I found the following:     A quote from a comic making a joke about God and the Devil. Not even sure how this relates to atheism.     A quote from Watchmen     An obviously satirical quote being misrepresented as an actual opinion held by "believers"     An image drawing attention to the bizarreness and inaccuracies in the bible     "My favorite fictional atheist" (Han Solo)     A picture mocking religion, because all religious people believe their religious texts are totally literally true and are complete idiots.     Facebook screencapture of a "stupid believer"     Don't even know what this is supposed to mean so I thought I'd just link it.     A picture about how teaching children religion is "brainwashing"     Another facebook screencap     A rage comic making fun of a Priest for saying spider man isn't real     Philosoraptor meme pointing out implausibility of Noah's Ark       Well you get the point. I didn't see any meaningful discussion, or even any self posts. Mostly bad memes and facebook screencaps mocking "believers."   I wasn't impressed. The longest thread I've ever commented on was someone who insisted religion only existed because people were brainwashed by their parents/religious authorities, and that everyone was "born atheist" (a common belief in /r/atheism). When asked why Religion started, if everyone is born Atheist, he said it was because it was forced on people in the 1400s... him and another commenter literally went back and forth about half a dozen times, and this guy just did not get it. I get that people are "oppressed" or whatever, but you have to realize, most religious organizations do a lot of charity work, and are genuinely good for the community. Most religious people are fairly reasonable and amicable, and at the very least are genuine in their beliefs. Not every religoius person literally believes in every aspect of The Bible, or even agrees with every part of their religion. Most major religions have been refined over centuries by many scholars and great thinkers (there were actually a lot of religious scientists).   Sorry for the soapbox. I'd keep going but I'm stoned as fuck and I could use a sandwich.
1	Custom games go by the same rules as any other game, they follow the summoners code. Break those and the reports you recieve are worth punishing. Regardless if they are from Proving grounds or Summoners rift, or the 2 other maps. People can report for everything, that doesn't mean it is punishable.   If you kill an afk or anyone who types its not punishable. Not in summoners rift, not in proving grounds. So i don't know what you are implying. Every game goes by the same rules, so there is no difference in whats punishable in custom games and normal/ranked games.   Say if someone played catch the teemo or something. Here there could be different custom rules to it. Explain the rules before making the game. Explain them in-game if someone doesn't play along. If they still don't listen then you can report, and you got evidence that the report is valid in the chat.   What you want is report removed from custom games. So every time you try creating a fun game, if someone doesn't play along, or ruin it for you, you want them to get away with it?
0	Want me to tell you about  my  experience during a layover in Atlanta?   Too bad, I'm gonna tell you anyways.   So my flight gets cancelled until the next day because of a bad thunderstorm in NC.  They put me up in a hotel room for the night for like $40 bucks, fine with me.  I had JUST turned 21 a few days prior, so I decide to hit up the nearest bar.  I'm chatting it up with some army guy who was fresh out of boot camp, trading drinks and stories.  I catch a very good looking older woman looking in our direction from across the bar.  I originally think nothing of it, figured she was looking at the other guy anyways.  Also I don't have the balls to talk to her because she appears to be with two other chicks sitting next to her.  Throughout the night I catch her looking over a few more times, but I figured I'm just imagining it.   End of the night rolls around, I pay my tab and get ready to head out.  Bartender pulls me aside, tells me he needs to talk to me.  Figured something was wrong with my card, but instead he hands me a napkin with a note written on it.  Tells me the lady at the end of the bar wanted him to give it to me.   "Your glasses are cute and I like your arms.  If you want to try something crazy, you can come back with me to my room and we can have a little fun.  No need for names or anything, and if you don't want to then I understand.  -R"   I sit down next to her and we get to talking.  I'll skip the boring part and get to the weird part...   So I'm balls deep in this chick, railing her out like it's the last thing I'll ever do.  I tell her I'm gonna come and she says to me "YES!  I WANT IT ALL OVER MY FACE!".  At that, I couldn't hold it in anymore.  I pulled out, ripped the condom off, and blew one of the biggest loads I've ever blown.  Every drop of that 10-pump load arcs  perfectly  and lands on her face.  I was proud.  She's moaning in ecstasy, loving every second of it. Then...   She grabs me by the sides of my head and  fucking rubs her semen covered face all over mine.    I was so in shock that my jaw dropped, which was a mistake.  She proceeded to use her tongue to slurp it up and  push it back into my mouth.   I go to the bathroom, wipe off, and tell her my flight leaves early tomorrow and I have to go.   And that, kids, is the story of the first time I tasted my own semen.
0	Dude last night I heard how this girl fed her rottweilers a vegan diet. After some time the dogs went mad and jumped the fence to their neighbor and ate their small dog.
1	lux can burst a squishy in 1secound.   you cant compare 2 diffrent roles by the just using the criteria of one role.   in this case you comepare ap burst champs, who should burst the enemy squishys, how they would fill in the role of an ad dps carry.   karthus  for example is a ap dps champs and he can wreck enemy teams in secounds.
0	I apologize. I had absolutely no clue that he was not retired! I had 12 hours to kill in Manila and wanted to see a thrilla (bad joke?) So I caught the movie. My flight is about to take off now. Hope my boss isn't pissed I used international data to respond.
0	Hehe, it's more like one of those things comics said a lot in the 90's, like men not asking for directions.   Although like I said, I don't really read assembly directions, nor did many of my friends when I had them. Part of this is assembly instructions for many things are written for the extremely dumb (think of a game console's instructions where they tell you how to plug it into the wall... like that's a task most haven't mastered). They need to be because otherwise they'll have to field a bunch of complaints about people not being able to assemble them.   But in reality, the good majority of smaller furniture pieces are ridiculously simple to assemble. Pieces are generally built to only fit properly with the piece they are supposed to be mounted to, so it's really easy to do on the fly. Like I said, the only thing that can really trip you up is using the wrong length bolt in some areas, because then you won't have the properly sized bolt some where else.   Oh, and if you're like CrystalElyse's husband and it is taking you a long time or you get frustrated in the process, you probably should read the instructions. Of course my girlfriend reads the instructions and still rage quits so some people are just beyond help.
1	The only reason people still play Elise is because they don't want to get completely shit on like other support junglers do by every other bruiser/aggro jungler.   And that what Elise is now. A support Jungler. Her damage is now shit. Outside of a very mixed results damage build that quite honestly doesn't even seem to do much when the teams it was on won, Elise has been relegated into a Stun bot Bruiser who's damage does more than slightly tickle; which in return she has a horrible late game in comparison to every other support jungler. Her soloq win rate is pathethic, and she has a lower win rate and priority than other top tier junglers.   If the Lee Sin and Eve nerfs go through Elise won't be near as popular, because Elise by herself simply can't stop Mao and the like from shoving their damage reducing, CC spewing, late game scaling cocks down your throat past 10 minutes.
1	I try my best to type like  this . I really needed the selfcast with Alt so what I ended up doing is setting F1 F2 F3 F4 to level up each ability. Attack move I dislike using shift aswell as it removes one of my "ability fingers" so I just press A with my little finger.
0	Back in June we had a particularly good day at work and I asked if everyone wanted to go in on pizza together.  3 people said yes they would chip in.  I knew what would happen and said screw it... I collected the money from 2 of them and just paid for 3 larges myself, knowing others would want a slice, and just hope they would chip in.  The first 2 had paid me $5 each, and the third said she "only had $3" which I had said was fine.  She NEVER gave me the lousy $3.  I was actually ok with that, since I asked several other people if they wanted "a slice" of my pizza.  NONE of them offered to contribute.  I was still ok with that.   The kicker comes when a person walks in, and some chick who did NOT pay anything *offers that guy a slice."  Are you fucking kidding me?  That is my pizza, NOT yours to offer bitch!
1	Actually Tier 1 runes are incredibly good for the price. For new accounts you should uy tier 1 runes. But you also should Skip tier 2 runes.   I've leveled 4 accounts and it's always best to use Tier 1 runes. You save your money for the Tier 3 runes that you can buy once you reach lvl 20. Then by the time you reach lvl 30 you have 2 full rune pages that let you either play most roles except jungler maybe, unless you buy runes for Support/jungler roles and these days jungler runes pretty much are top lane runes anyhow.   I just don't see the need to speed up the leveling of accounts for new people. I feel it is the best way to learn the league.   I still see new lvl 30 accounts where the players really still don't have a clue how to play this game properly.   I'm not sure what you gain by letting them be even more naive about the game play in ranked when they are only letting thier teammates down by being so bad at this game.   You can;t learn this game in 2 weeks or even once month. It takes months to learn this game properly. Therefore the leveling process. IMHO is the right way to let people learn to play this game properly.
0	I was once waiting for the bus playing the harmonica  and a passing truck driver honked  made my day that day :D
0	This reminds me of something I witnessed a couple of years ago in university. Professor had his laptop hooked up to a projector. He was talking about the topic of the seminar (don't remember what is was), meanwhile the computer went to sleep because it wasn't used, and the projector shut off as well soon after that, or it went into some kind of energy saving mode. Anyway, the professor wanted to show a movie for the topic I don't remember, so he went to his computer, with the screen facing to the wall. He then began searching through his downloads folder, looking for the movie he wanted to show, opening porn clip after porn clip. Lots of the several-black-guys-on-small-white-chick stuff. He didn't realize that waking up the computer also caused the projector to show the screen again.
0	Look up the term "monopsony." On mobile, so I'm just going to link [this](  and say
0	A couple of years back I was applying for a job at a pizzeria.  I arrived early because i was nervous.  A homeless man was ordering a pizza, but I could tell he was a little disoriented and couldn't understand the total was more than what he had.  So I went up to the cashier and handed her 10 dollars (it was a small pizza place) and told her I would pay for it.   Now, the homeless man didn't understand what I had just done.  He just grabbed the pizza and left (which honestly didn't bother me at all).   Then the cashier (female) started telling me how nice I was and that she had never seen anyone do something like that.  Long story short, the manager came up for my interview and she mentioned what had happened to him and I was hired on the spot (which was pretty cool).   But to be honest, it kind of bugged me that such a minute favor had such an impact on people.  I didn't see it as life changing experience.  I was simply trying to help out a fellow man.  It bothered me that nobody else could conceive of the idea of helping that fellow out.
1	ZYRA PARTIALLY COUNTERS TEEMO. If you activate a plant on top of a teemo shroom, the shroom will pop. If you use a single seed with q(5 second cd) it is worth it to get rid of those pesky shrooms.
0	That really sucks man.  My therapist and I were talking about why people get married and have kids the other day.  She said a lot of people find that sens of purpose more appealing and rewarding in the long run then constant immediate gratification.  It really sucks that you've lost that.  Maybe talk to your children about it.  Tell them how it would meen the world to you if you could do something for them.  Find a hobby, a club, do some charity work, something that makes you feel like you're helping/making a difference to someone/something you care about.  You can do it.
0	While I agree for the most part, stop fucking injecting some artificial sense of sexism.  He was attracted to her but is super shy, he choked halfway through ... don't confuse that with him seeing her "not as a person".  For many people having the courage to interact and approach (even as indirect as sitting next to her) is a big deal and anxiety is a problem.   Seriously, I don't know why every damn story on reddit that involves an the two sexes somehow has somebody calling sexism or "treating her like a piece of meat".   Also, you are making conjectures that are not too common.  Normal classes aren't huge or all too large, sitting next to somebody even when there is room is a good idea in fast classes (I call it the emergency "what did he just write?" system).  I say hi and complain about the class to get it going, but in all honesty that is not "respect" but me greasing the wheels for me to use them.
0	I have a best friend that has done this with a few of my previous stories.   Just like the rest of you, it pissed me off and for a while I thought about confronting him.   Then I realized how much of a compliment it was. You did something so epic/awesome that they tell it as their own instead of saying something they actually did. At that point I believe they think (I know he does after a few years) that this is truly one of their memories. Which again makes it even that much better. It was so good that you embedded your memories into their life AND they chose those memories to tells stories about.   Speaks wonders for what actually happened to you. That's my logic at least.   Don't let the greed of the fame of the story take over.
0	Wow I've never watched them either due to conservative parents who determined that TV was satan's wonder window so there are  alot  of good older movies i haven't seen..... Like I recently watched Pulp Fiction. Holy. Shit. :D if anything your positive comment kinda makes me wanna watch one today on my break :)
0	Okay.  So we will call this charming young lady Sarah (no where near her real name).  Our manager is busy counting a drawer and forgot to lock the door at nine, which isn't that big of a deal... who comes into a closed restaurant?  Well, this one guy did and he proceeded to order a salad after the salad line had been cleaned and stripped of all its utensils.  Well fuck... looks like we have to make a salad.  Sarah is in the back washing dishes when I go back there to get a ladle for salad dressing.  She freaks out and tells me "DEY DAWN DEW DAT BAK WA I AM FRAM!!" I just shrug it off and tell her that its only one customer and go make that salad.  As I am bringing her the ladle back so she can wash it again I walk in on her half chanting/half screaming.  This has obviously attracted the attention of the bakery workers and my manager.  She was in some weird trance-like state and I honestly can't even begin to describe what was being said or what I heard.  It was the oddest thing I have ever seen and no one said anything to her during the whole little ceremony.  At the end of it she said "I GUESS WE SEE HAW MAWCH HE BE LIKIN' DAT SALAD TOMORROW!"  She then told us she chanted a Maroon (i think it was maroon... it was a color) tribe curse over his food to make him fall ill.  The manager cut her hours and eventually she quit.  This was before the store hit a rough spot economically, I told the manager he had gotten the store cursed and I'm pretty sure he believes it.
0	not a troll.  Bouncers like to think they are white knights or somehow exempt from the law because they are on "private property". But they are low paid expendable employees. Bars will fire/not hire lawyers to protect them if they "accidentally" permanently injure someone.
1	As of now, I do not see any reason to like the current 5v5 system. The current LP system is made with solo queue in mind. In order to grind your way to where your team is supposed to be around, all 5 of you need to be on at the same time and play at the same time in order to gain minuscule amounts of LP.   That is assuming you get placed in a decent league. If people lose their placements, they just keep remaking the team in the end because it is much easier to place into a much higher league than to grind for the next day with 5 people just for half the result.   Bo3 series would definitely be something to consider, perhaps winning/losing with people around the same team mmr to give/lose extremely large amounts of LP. The only problem is the Bo3 would be a complete stomp for the most part. Usually, teams are matched with players of big differences in skill (I had a team that was doing really well and placed into Gold I, but we as soon as we hit the promos, because we were on a streak, we faced 3 challenger teams and lost).
0	I worked at an amusement park for several summers. I had an adult throw up in the middle of the gift shop I worked in and disappeared. I let it sit there till my supervisor came and told her there was no way I was cleaning it up. Another summer I ran a Henna stand and had someone sit down in one of our chairs, puke and leave while I was helping a customer. Since it was an outdoor stand and before the days of widespread cellphone usage, I had no phone and had to wait till a sweep (they are literally hired to walk around and sweep all day) came by and I begged them to clean it up for me. Same stand, I had a kid go in the mulch behind my stand and throw up. I paid a random teenager $5 to kick some mulch over it for me.
0	I feel since more than one person on facebook could potentially be the philosoraptor. Just because you are one of the many singular, identical, philosoraptors doesn't guarantee that philosoraptor would be you as a human; for there are many different possibilities that can also be philosoraptor, we you, and any one else who took the test, can only be one entity- ie philosoraptor.
1	The problem with Oriana is that she has a very tin line between rediculous OP or just regular.   If she gets to much early sustain she will snowball pretty hard in to end game, coz of her high utility, poke and CC ult.   If she has her regular sustain she is playable, but not enough sustain to be played much / competitive pick.
0	I am a younger teacher, under 30, and I have absolutely no problem with it at all. I was raised to be responsible and accountable for my own actions. If I get fired for doing a bad job, I know I will have deserved it.   When things went crazy with Act 10 a few years ago, this was a big point of contention. Along with the loss of the right to unionize, which, I could care less about also.   I have always seen a teachers union being set up to save a teacher who did something inappropriate with a kid, but is still a good teacher. Second to that, it is 1k a year to be in that, and with so many teachers, it is a lot of money that ends up in the hands of those who don't know what to do with it.
1	What I just read is ridiculous... I think you forgot that the moment you pick Lucian you sacrifice having a long range ad carry. Lucian no longer can E away and cleanse slows and he can't just spam E, only probably being able to get 1 more within a rotation in a teamfight unless you stomp it. If you go ghostblade or cdr boots you sacrifice teamfighting damage for mobility and even if you do go ie/shiv other adcs are much stronger with their 2 item core (corki tri,bt/botrk) (kog tri,botrk) (vayne botrk, shiv). I don't think you realise Lucian does now have a specialised role in terms of adcs and it's a highly mobile short range skirmisher. With the repeated nerfs aswell, he is outclassed by Corki and Twitch in every aspect EXCEPT mobility which is not even a huge disadvantage in high level play unless you are vsing a comp that punishes low mobility champions but you could still probably get away with it if you play, micro and teamfight well. Lucian doesn't even have the ability to win most lanes if played at the best. Lucians only strong points are relatively strong laning, crit burst and mobility.
0	Pediatric Resident here: Exclusive Breastfeeding is recommended for a number of highly corroborated benefits to a child's health. These include a protective effect against respiratory, ear, and GI infections as well as asthma, allergies, and eczema. For more see [AAP Breastfeeding](   Obviously there are a number of issues that may prevent a mother from breastfeeding and it is important to be sensitive about that as well. If you make a mother feel that not breastfeeding is really bad despite her giving a strong effort then the negative burden you place on her will lead to worse outcomes.
1	Final Remark   Again, keep in mind this shall not be the new meta. It just shall be an option to crush the current meta in some games. Maybe only situational (against weak-engage teams, against bad under-turret-farmers, against weak gank-junglers, ...). But it might be a good strategy for some games, sometimes. Just to catch them unprepared. And stomp them.   So what do you think?     What are the advantages of that strategy?   What are the flaws in that strategy?   What additions to the proposal do you have?   Have we already seen sth. like this in competitive play?   Have we seen this in solo queue (or maybe already done this with friends)?     .
1	I was Silver I for a long time, even before season 3 I was always just under 1500, never made it in time for season 3. I finally got a winning streak into Gold V and have had a consistently high win rate after that and am now in Gold I, haven't played a ton recently but I win more than half my games in Gold I, I got to gold I in about 4 days after 6 months at silver I/1400-1500. I've been Gold I for a few months neither going up nor down. ELO hell for me was Silver.   |   There is an annoying amount of people in this thread who think the OP  is full of shit because they have 2 accounts that are gold III and they had no problem carrying in Silver I. Some points to consider:     Once OP was out of Silver he got to plat, once I left Silver I shot up to Gold I in a few days. It seems like after breaking out of Silver it becomes easier to carry. So if you personally carried past Silver, even multiple times, that means nothing because statistically one team wins each game, if you are on that team you go up. If you are not below your teams skill level you have at least a 50% chance of winning. In ten games 1 in 1024 people like you will win every game by sheer odds. Some people got lucky shooting up past Silver. Once your past Silver you aren't going to drop back down.     In Silver the biggest problem is one player getting absolutely dominated, not because his lane opponent is better but because he is worse. I'll handily beat your average Silver player in lane, infact I almost always won lane. However I will only occasionally  cream  a Silver player. Going 8 3 9 is from being better than your lane opponent. Going 17 0 15 is from your lane opponent sucking balls or getting counter picked. For the most part I'll win my lane 8 3 9 but another lane will go 17 0 15, the team with that guy wins, the team with the 0 17 2 loses, regardless of the other lanes.     So be that guy? I'm not Diamond I, I can't absolutely dominate a player to that extent in every game, if the player has a good pick and is scared shitless I'll mostly only reasonably dominate him.     A gold one player knows how to ward, and when to do dragon and how to focus objectives properly, none of these things is possible without your team. Not doing these things will hinder a Gold I team, knowing about them will not help a Silver I team if they won't help you.     Certain roles and play styles lend themselves to carrying. An excellent jungler or roaming mid does better than a support or farmey top for carrying. A good support can't carry a bad adc. However put that support in Gold I and he might actually start carrying because his ADC is good and not sabotaging himself and then the supports skills can affect the game. Put that jungler who's aggressive ganks (or simple knowledge of how to wall jump past wards) lets him carry Silver I games into Gold I and he might start losing because the players know his game and it won't work.       Basically there are carrying skills and teamskills :     Dueling, ganking, CSing, mechanics are carrying skills     Warding, objectives, builds, meta, counter picking, trading, communication, map awareness (for others), are team skills       A player has various levels of skill in these things that might add up to a Gold I player or a Silver I player, or whatever, but your skill distribution is only Gold I in Gold I. A brilliant team player doesn't rise well (nor fall out of a division he doesn't deserve to be in quickly). Hardcore carrier players rise and fall quickly out of divisions they don't deserve to be in.   |
0	My ex-girlfriend did this a few times... One of the times was a real clean shot and my brain was like FETAL POSITION! What actually happened was I shot up and headbut her in the nose... which made her cry.
1	If league is trying to legitimize itself as a "sport" I have no problem with calling people out on their mistakes and if they are doing something wrong. Even if this is bronze. Sure it's only solo queue but I feel if you are going to goof around and not care you are just as responsible as the person flaming. Go play normal drafts and you can do w/e you want because I actually value my time. Shit rolls down hill. It started in champ select when the jungler didn't speak up because he probably didn't care and Gragas because he wasn't paying attention and not swapping. Fixing those mistakes are harder than just muting OP. Just mute and carry on with the rest of the game. I can handle rage and you have to if you want to play solo queue. It's stuff i.e. intentional feeding or afk is what really grinds my gears.
0	But keeps you sane. I've maintained a loss of between 2 and 6 lbs per week since January of this year and I cheat Friday evening til Sunday bedtime, drinking un healthy amounts of beer and eating whatever I want whenever I want, frequently at the same time. This is the longest I've maintained an attempt at a diet and I credit cheat days heavily for it.   However I have found my cravings now a days compared to before are completely different. They ranged from donuts, pizza and wings in the beginning to mostly just bread in its various incarnations (one time I was craving pumpernickel rye specifically). I still crave burgers a lot though.   Doing anything cold turkey doesn't work for most, allowing yourself to cheat without  feeling like it's all gone to shit when you do will ensure you maintain your progress in the long run.
0	Agreed.  My brother is currently serving his 3rd tour in Afghanistan with the Marines, and has seen extensive combat.  Another acquaintance of ours was talking to him once when he was home, this person being in the Navy, and told my brother that they were both doing the same thing, even though this person never left the US.  My brother held him against the wall and proceeded to ask how many friends he had to watch die, how many people had tried to kill him, and how many people he had to kill. My brother had suffered from a bit of PTSD after his first 2 tours, but has since gotten much better about it.  Not every soldier is a hero.
1	this is a subject i had to discuss with lots of people ingame already. i do understand your frustration when someone afk's in a still winnable game, i really do.   but there definitely are situations where i can make an educated guess about the outcome of the game and try encouraging my team to surrender. i would be lieing if i said i never afk'd in a situation like this.   i have to add, that this is from the point of view of someone who plays ranked almost exclusively at about 1650 elo.   if every one of your lanes got outfarmed and the enemy team is 20 kills ahead at 20 minutes, you wont win the game. especially not if you have for example urgot and leblanc in your team, while the enemies have ap kog and vayne (not likely in the current meta, just the first ones that came to mind :p), who outscale you in lategame.   i dont enjoy beeing stuck in a game, that is 95% lost. i realize that enemies may get cocky when ahead and thus throw games, but to be totally honest i dont feel like its a deserved win.   those 5% are just luck, and im not playing ranked to gain elo by having luck. i play ranked to get better, see my mistakes and not do them in my future games.
1	So basically, in the bottom lane, there are three sort of  'archetypes' of duoed champions; Sustain, Burst and Poke.   So, a good sustain combo is one that basically wants to make it out of lane phase safely with an acceptable amount of gold/CS. Typically, you find more 'hypercarries' in this lane, like Vayne/Tristana/Kog'Maw. Their early games aren't the best, but their late games are forces to be reckoned with, outscaling even other ADCs. So, in terms of sustain, you'd be looking at a Vayne/Sona, Kog Maw/Soraka lane, something to that nature. The epitome of lose lane win game scenario. (Not saying they auto-lose lane; if they get ahead, well,  you're in for a rough one ).   Then, you've got the opposite end of the spectrum; the burst lanes. These lanes are incredibly powerful in 2v2s, and typically want to fight a lot in the lane and get gold in terms of kills + CS. These lanes are strong early/mid, which is where lane phase ends. A good example would be Corki/Leona, Graves/Blitzcrank, something like that. KILL KILL KILL is basically what they wanna do. Generally, most effective in solo queue.   Then we've got (personally) my least favorite of the bunch, the Poke laners. Typically have higher range than most AD/Support combos, and make their lane lives a living hell. Going to ward? Take an auto, says Caitlyn/Janna. Getting CS? Take an auto, says Ashe/Nami. Basically, every time you do anything in lane, you're going to be harassed. Just because.   So, Poke/Burst/Sustain, we know what they are but how do you play against it? Well, generally speaking, Poke beats Burst (because they can whittle 'em down before they can initiate) Burst beats sustain (How're you gonna sustain if you're  dead , haha) and Sustain beats Poke (A basic back-and-forth of heal/auto/heal/auto/heal). So that's the kind of rock-paper-scissors nature of bottom lane. But, is that it?   No. It's not. Some lanes have a bit of everything; one of my personal favorites is the classic Ezreal/Sona. It's got everything you'd want in a bottom lane; Poke (the Duo-Q-auto) Burst (Crescendo into Trueshot Barrage  hurts ) and Sustain (Sona W + Ezreal's safe farming with Q/E). I wonder why it's been out of play for so long when it's so good, but there ya go.
0	This is the primary reason I only used it a couple times.  Sure there is no line on the random saturday morning.  But Sunday night when everyone is freaking out trying to return their movie so as not to be charged an extra dollar be prepared to lose 20 minutes of your life.
0	People seek personal gratification, so only looking at the surface of these types of things makes it seem appealing. When people really get to understand what the psychological and physiological impacts of something so disastrous are, most people are turned off by the idea. It comes, likely, from a need to feel important or independent in this day and age. Those who have no current goals within reach of achieving are probably more likely to lust after something like this.   A while back, before I was close to my dream, I was looking for gratification and importance through different means. For some it's video games, and for others it's through coming up with fantasies. Some people are able to take that, and create something out of those desires (Like a game developer, a musician, or a writer), but for the rest of us they just become something to entertain us.
1	I know this isn't exactly helpful information, but I'm a Fiddle fan too. However, I've noticed that he is outclassed in many ways by jungle Mordekaiser.   Morde has slightly less damage output, but is more tanky, and I'd say that their 1v1 potential is about the same (except Morde's is not very good pre-6).   They both are AP Mage junglers who build some spell vamp and lots of AP.   They are both very good at farming the jungle continuously.   The main differences are: Fiddlesticks has an amazing ult if you have an aoe team (and arguably a better one than Morde either way), Fiddle also has better surprise ganks.   The reason I tend to pick Morde over Fiddle is Morde has absolutely no reliance on blue buff. Sure, a successful invasion will still set me back, but I can do without it. Fiddle, on the other hand, is screwed if he loses that initial blue buff.   Furthermore, Morde can give all of the future blue buffs to mid, and it's a tough call for Fiddle. I like to at least have the second blue for the first time I ult.
1	why you think its under SR.   Wat? It isn't and I don't. He opens tears in reality to the endless void. He should do that and use them to recall, not fly up-up and away. He should open a rift and emerge from it at base. That would be easier to animate and visualize as "below" him, similar to his W, than to animate and visualize above him. If it was to his sides/front then the entire recall animation would need to be changed.
1	The map itself is just a beautiful(subjective) remaster of the current summoners rift. As far as gameplay is concerned, watch out for inhib turrets, as they now shoot 4 times as fast, and rack up their damage pretty quickly.   The jungle is extremely different now. You get a leash at krugs(small golems) or gromp(wight camp) instead of buffs, and if you smite the bigger monster then kill it, you get a special buff that lasts for ~60 seconds(I forget the actual time).   New elixirs that can only be bough after level 9 and hunters machete that can only be bought by someone with smite are really nice additions, although the elixir nerf is bad for those that want to go ham at level 1.   Inner towers also grant a shield that gains power over time that can help teams getting pushed against,but once that tower goes down, so does that enchantment.   You can't leave the fountain until 15 seconds into the game, but are given a speed boost that lasts for about another 10 seconds almost like homeguards. The fountain also regenerates 1/4 of what it does now, but also ticks 4 times as fast, so you regen the same amount of health overall.   Sword of the Occult and Mejai's Soulstealer also are changed, giving you a base amount of stacks at first, then you can get the next amounts after kills & assists.   EDIT: HUGE BARON AND DRAGON CHANGES MAKE IT SO THAT YOU CAN'T REALLY 1V1 THEM ANYMORE, AND NEW BUFF IN RIVER THAT GIVES YOU VISION OF THAT OBJECTIVE AND A SPEED BOOST, AND AFTER 20 MINUTES, A RUNE IN DOTA STYLE COMES IN THAT GIVES ENHANCED VISION AFTER STAYING STILL FOR A COUPLE OF SECONDS AND MASSIVE MOVEMENT WHILE OUT OF COMBAT
0	Yes, this is precisley why people write it like this, Tis a meme of sorts where although they acknowledge the proper way they write it as RIP in piece.
1	Whilst i can enjoy a story about someone basically lifting you from the pile of excrement that is pc issues, I don't condone what the zed did.  I had something similar happen during a friends division promo.  Had a darius jungle that dc'd at the beginning came back about 5 mins in.  Did he come back to buffs?  no he didn't.  Could he sufficiently gank?  (lol darius) no.  But without any help from the 9 other people in the game he came back and played no small part in the victory.
1	It's a hard thing to balance: if you go for very risky plays while ahead you're in danger of it turning bad, but if you don't take risks at all you give room for your opponents to catch up. Balancing aggression is something that very few pro teams do very well. Two good and opposite examples are ex-CLG.EU and Azubu Blaze.   ex-CLG.EU are know to only take very calculated risks, holding into their advantages waiting for the perfect time to strike, or slowly recovering from deficiencies in a similar manner. a.k.a., The Turtle Strat^TM. There is an obvious flaw to that: if you loose early game too hard you won't be able to recover fast enough because your map control and teamfight power will not be on par with the snowballed enemy.   On the other hand, Azubu Blaze are known for being aggressive from the very first second of the game. They will swap lanes to take the first turret, then repeat it with all the outer turrets. They can easily get 3 turrets by 7 minutes. Then they push that aggression, keep control of the objectives, and put heavy pressure all across the map to keep the opponents in check. That does backfire sometimes: if the opponents have better late game teams and are able to slowly farm back the early advantage can just melt away. (I will name this The Tiger Strat^TM for a nice dichotomy).   I have not seen any team so far though that knows how to balance The Tiger^TM and The Turtle^TM on different occasions. I see strategy becoming more and more important in Season 3 due mechanical skills plateauing at some point for most players.
0	It's not Mundungus Fletcher, it's Argus Filtch. He's a squib, nobody cares about squibs, or Filtch fit that matter, except for that cat. Mrs Norris loves Filtch, maybe she was assigned to him before his discovery as a squib in his early Hogwarts years.   As he grew he was bullied and teased and destroyed by the wizarding world and unable to being in the muggle societies because of his exposure to the wizarding world and (presumably) his wizard family.   His failures heaped upon themselves relentlessly causing his family to hate him and cast him out and he wandered diagon ally begging, doing odd jobs, anything he could do too survive turning him into the cold crabby guy we see in the books and movies.   Where am I going with this you ask? When he was thrown out of his home Mrs Norris followed him, his constant furry companion. The Animagus assigned to the young Argus took a shine to him, loved him as a friend and stayed with him as he wandered.   Mrs Norris watched him struggle and eventually reached out to the current headmaster of the time and the man offered him his job as the janitor and caretaker where the brat childrens parents made snide comments about the barely recognized Filtch from their young days and the children picked up on that and made his life a living hell.
0	But how much you pluck and where you apply the color. For example, if you have patches growing under your eyebrow like I do, you would pluck those out (unless I were going for the cavewoman look I guess. yes, they can get that bushy, unfortunately). But for some odd reason I have almost nothing on the sides close to my nose. It's the opposite of the unibrow; they're so far apart it looks off. So I put some color there if I'm going somewhere special or something.
0	The only reason people keep ending up in the friendzone is the lack of initiative and honesty. Look, if you like someone, don't WAIT three fucking months before you make the move. By then your proposed partner will most likely have assumed you are a friend and won't want to think of you in another way.   Also, "nice guys" are fucking doucheholes. You aren't nice if you're initiating a friendship with the intent to fuck someone. Stop playing the fucking victim, go bold and if that sucks, go home, have a wank and cut off the friendship if that's all you wanted. BE HONEST.   And FFS, both genders, STOP WASTING YOUR TIME ON PEOPLE WITH NO SPINE. If somebody says they're ambigious about you for a longer period of a time and "just wants to be friends" that most likely means they're too chicken to tell you that they like you only as a friend. Cut off the tie, move on, try your luck elsewhere.   For those that know they're friends with people who want to romance/fuck them, stop being an abusive shithole and cut it off if they won't catch your drift. You're abusing this person if you're willingly keeping them as a friend when you know they want so much more. Stop wasting their time and stop being so damned self-centred.
0	There's a difference between reposting something from years or even months ago and reposting something that was posted the previous day or something that is still on the front page....   The problem would be solved if more people would post OC in relevant subreddits instead of posting something they found on pinterest or facebook or whatever.  Because those posts on pinterest and facebook CAME FROM REDDIT.
1	related to this post which NEEDS to be said is one thing   Stop trying to rush the game and get a win as soon as possible,  so many times my team has an advantage gets an inhib . after inhib lets sit around in base for them to respawn and die. you have top lane pushing into a tier 2 turret , but no . you sit around in the enemy base and die . what a lot of people i play with don't understand that you have no reason to rush a finish . sure you COULD have ended it then but there's no guarantee of it , whereas instead of going for a nexus turret you could have taken dragon , baron , other turrets / inhibs.   people need to slow their play down as i see it lose so many games taking stupid risks.
1	When my team queues, we generally have a dedicated bot already. I can't stand (I'm mainly the AD) getting our pug to do support, only to have him be something stupid like Nunu (I know he's viable, doesn't mean I like him) or worse...  shudder  Karma...
0	Because you lived already.  You spent the best part of your 20s doing whatever the hell you wanted.  That's how you're supposed to do it!  However, there are an increasing number of kids that are hitting 28 with nothing to show for it.  By that, I mean both material possessions and life experiences.  While you had your fun, they were grinding away in school and/or working their fingers to the bone at shitty, low-paying jobs.  While you were accruing life experiences, others were doing nothing but investing time and effort into their futures.  At 28, you were okay with settling down and sliding into a more comfortable lifestyle.  Meanwhile, the student loan debt-laden guy with a master's degree waiting tables downtown has nothing but disdain for the idea of settling down.   So many people have the child-free mindset because they are basically adult children that feel they haven't yet lived.  Is it greedy?  You could argue that.  I wouldn't dare call somebody greedy because they want to accrue life experiences of their own before bringing others into their life picture.  People want to be child-free because they want to travel, to meet people, to buy nice things, to love, to enjoy all the spoils this world has to offer.   Due to the high-pressure social and economic environment that the world puts on young people today, I personally don't blame them.  There's an entire generation of people yearning for an adventure.  They're yearning for life experiences and yearning to find their own meaning in life.  If they're not ready to settle, so what.
1	The flat out recommendation of this article (dcap vs void) is pretty misleading that it is always better to go 2nd item void on damage mages,  the assumptions he makes on the site make the math wrong.   Basically he assumes that all abilities are rank 5 (i.e level 18) in his article when looking at a 2nd item purchase, this gives champions higher base stats and would make void a better buy vs deathcap.   For example the site mentions that Annie as one of the champions you should build void first on. According to the site her break-even for Q is 275 AP to double its base damage, however if you take a level 9 Annie (which is ~ when is around the time you would be buying 2nd item), and take her a full spell rotation into account (lvl5 Q, Lvl2 W, Lvl 1 R) that number drops to ~200 AP/DBL -> making break even MR ~just under 60 from ~45 on her. Basically this applies to the "average" of 400 for midlane mages where the break even is 34 MR. Since base MR is 30 (no runes) the conclusion is that you would always be doing more damage as long as they took MR runes.   He also doesn't take into account in the match archmage mastery, (which every AP mid takes) which synergizes which with building more AP and also stacks multiplicatively with the deatchap passive.
1	Criticism will always be there. Everybody has their own point of view which should be expressed. However, just like Wickd said, flaming should not. Pros are humans, and so are we. Why would we want to harm the pros? What do we gain from it? Right.   Nothing.   And it's not just the pros it's hurting. It breaks my heart to see how people flame the pros for their mistakes. It's just not human. Every human being makes mistakes, and we all learn from them. We can criticize those mistakes, give our own opinion, but not in the way some people are getting threated right now.
0	No, see it's still a little out of context. Survival of the fittest has nothing to do with the individual surviving (directly). In biology, it refers to the survival of ones genes. To explain, in the animal kingdom, sex occurs for one reason: to pass your genes on to a mate with equally suitable genes. An individual can be perfectly "fit" to live in an environment, but if it doesnt pass it's genes on to the next generation then, biologically, it can be considered a failure. So if you were to make the argument that mentally handicapped people can't pass their genes on to the next generation, then         you can use the "survival of the fittest" explanation.  However, you didn't do that, which is why I corrected you.
1	this is incorrect, the only AD champs worse than MF are Vlad, Annie, Ryze and Morgana....   All joking aside though, MF is the most disappointing AD carry, regardless of base stats. Cait is great for learning positioning, she's a super safe lane pick and she comes with her own mini wards so if your support is an idiot then you're not left totally naked. Her harass is also terrifying. Everyone will say her lack of an AS steroid makes her weaker in the late game and yeah she doesn't scale as well into minute 50 as many other AD champs, but her monsterous laning presence will generally keep you ahead on farm and therefore items which more than makes up for her short comings.
1	When you're on your main account representing your pro team, and sometimes even STREAMING getting PAID to do so.. you definitely need to maintain whatever image you need to be.
1	I honestly dont know why certain games have bigger impact then others. It creates only a bigger pressure and higher chance of you going on tilt. I had several promos that were basiclly ruined, because people were super careless with pretty much everything they could.   I think that promo series should be removed. Atleast removed from the soloQ ladder. I wouldn't mind having promo series on my 5vs5 team. It would probably increase the motivation and focus on my team to win games.   I would personally try with the #old ELO ladder. Not sure how divisions would stick here, but i don't think they serve they purpose. Even look at the EUNE server and diamond 5 divisions. People are super salty and unskilled there which makes climbing impossible impossible.
1	You can do it still. It fell out of favor because if you dont focus around evolved W the mana demand of khazix isnt that high. If you want to poke a lot with your evolved W it is amazing because it solves your mana issues early. The problem is that it takes a bit to ramp up, but it gives you way stronger mid to late game which is something I value over the earlier powerspike in soloq, because I am likely to get to more items where building a Muramana really helps. It gets me better executes and it is extremely cost efficient, which is something that is very important where I want to perform to my strongest with the limited gold pool i have as a jungler. Admittedly I play a fairly farmheavy jungle.
0	I do this occasionally too.  I can be a little pee shy and there have been times where I've been hanging out with people or coworkers or something and the bathroom is right next to the room and it just made me feel very uncomfortable to go in the toilet knowing everyone can hear me.  On the other hand I can run the sink and pee in there and it is absolutely quiet and they'll just assume I'm washing my hands or something.
0	never had a problem with my family reading my journal.  BUT. i continued writing when i moved into my first apartment with my "best friends"  It was more of a dream journal  than a venting journal. i would keep my dreams or just stories i had thought up to make my life more interesting. the moment my boyfriend and i went on vacation my friend turned our room inside out. he took my journal and took pictures and sent them out. of course i had things written about my friends. it was a dream journal. it was made for the bizarre and unusual things that come alive in my head. involving my friends is only natural.  i come back from vacation and all of my friends are messaging me and calling. some confused and hurt and others really mad. my boyfriend had already read the book (we keep no secrets) and laughed it off but i felt like my brain had been ripped apart and shown to the world. it really hurt. people can be so fucking lame.
0	That would rob middle class individuals who can't afford expensive accountants of small inheritances that would allow them to do things like pay for college, while those who can afford financial services would use creative accounting to give their money to who they want anyway. All this would cause would be more wealth inequality, and a bunch of formerly rich people dying flat broke.
1	I play on OCE and sure i meet some dicks, but i never have any issues like a lot of the community seems to complain about, i've seen people rage/flame/insult etc. happens every once in a while (1 in maybe 20ish games more or less, depends really) Yet i play with people and if they die they just call the other person a Cu*t (it's Australia, gets thrown around a lot) or say no skill champ etc.   What i don't understand is what goes through the minds of these people when they keyboard bash other people, half or majority may not even act like this in real life, Is it really that hard for everyone to just shut up and enjoy a game? making a comment is fine, i do it when someone messes up but i reassure them that it's okay. E.G. "Why didn't you go in? we had that." "Wasn't watching" "Yeah, all cool dude, dw about it" or maybe give them a tip on what they could do next time.
0	Guys, this has nothing to do with white guilt or white burden or reparations or anything like that.  My ancestors are from Asia and were not slave-owners either.  Modern race dynamics in America between blacks and whites is heavily influenced by the past, and that very clearly sits with us today.  Thus, I do not think that allowing one race to be the default to discuss that aspect of American history to be fully representational of how Americans as a whole (with many different opinions and experiences) may feel about it.   Also:  slavery is shameful, and we as Americans should all be fucking ashamed of that part of our past.  Even if you're a first generation American like me.
1	this is one of the best uses of
1	Afaik Riot doesnt have own servers in europe it uses third party companies for that. Said companies dont have the resourses for how big EUW population is which results in many problems like we experience. Not sure if yesterday's problem have anything to do with it since it was about missing data after maintenace.   Riot said they are building a data center in europe which should be operational soon^tm ...   Apparently europe is like a nightmare for big online games, i think i saw someone say this kinda of problem has happened in other big games in the past.
1	From a design perspective, pretty much everything Riot do is great though, and I personally think that includes this.  I'll give you that design is somewhat opinionated, however my two favorite champions are Olaf and Fizz.  It's because of a few factors, however they all fall under how the champion is designed.  I love those two champions because Riot have captured the personality of the champions pretty much perfectly, and also have a skill set that fits into the champions personality seamlessly.  When you play Olaf, it's a total Viking thing to do, to go berserk in a fight and just chase after some poor soul like an absolute madman, all his skills are entirely suited for just that.  Same with Fizz, he's a happy, somewhat innocent fish that loves to play.  His skill set adheres to that perfectly, especially "Playful/trickster".
1	Because they are entirely different servers. What you are asking for would require that the two servers communicate which players are online as well as handle chatting between the two servers.
1	That's not true. It is even mentioned in THIS video that he was considered top 3 (along with Dandy and Bengi at the time). And he really was. I don't know which jungler you thought was in the same league at the time...But I think now he is top2 with/after Dandy. Consistency is VERY important. KaKao (amongst others) carries KT A into OGN Finals - meanwhile Bengi is busy slumping somewhere (can't confirm that he is back in form until T1K plays a Top Tier Korean Team again) and his place is now home to Spirit. Whereas there have always been some hyped (not saying over-hyped) junglers who were considered top3 "for some time" like: InSec, Bengi etc, Dandy and KaKao are amongst those 3 fore pretty much 2 years now! That's damn impressive...   Also funny how KT B first got well known with InSec "the Jungler" and Ssumday top, but their most successful lineup was with InSec TOP and KaKao in the jungle. I guess in hindsight one might say "Because KaKao is just THAT good." (Well InSec was definitely not the biggest inspiration in top lane). And when KaKao swapped to KT A, KT B just spiraled downwards and the new and young KaKao-Gang is getting better from game to game. Haha I really whished I could say he was the number 1 lol but Dandy is just...yeah. I remember watching the OGN Quarter Finals and when KT A played I was like "Hell yes! KaKao is SO good!" But then White played and I was like "But...but KaKao :'(" haha. - But Top 2 sure...   just sayin' lol
1	The problem with Ashe is that she is a  hard carry , but does not scale as well into late game as a better  soft carry  in terms of damage.   Right now that's getting more important, but it's been a core problem for a while. Remember Corki before the nerfs? That's when people first started to realize that soft carries were out damaging Ashe by quite a bit.   Look at the big 'carries' right now: Vayne, Cait, Ezreal, Kog'maw and Urgot.   Are any of them hard carries? Nope. Except Kog'maw they're all immensely strong right from level one. So much so that they can hold a lane against many mages and bruisers. Urgot and Ezreal in particular were for a long time used exclusively as mid-lane champions. They're the softest of the soft carries. Even calling them a carry is misleading. Thus why Vayne was (is?) labeled as an Assassin and Urgot is (was?) labeled as a bruiser.   Ashe? Hard carry. Her early game is  pathetic . Ashe needs to farm her ass off until late game to be useful. Even if she does that her damage output is lower than all of the above (yes, including Urgot and Ezreal). So what's the point of Ashe? She can initiate with R. Something other carries can't reliably do.   A hard carry is supposed to be a nightmare late game. Look at something like a really farmed Kog'maw, Tristana, or Vayne. This is the type of DPS that hard carries are supposed to do. Kog'maw is a very soft carry. Vayne is a pseudo-assassin. Tristana is sort of halfway between hard and soft carry.   Honestly for Ashe to really work without completely redesigning how carries work she either needs her R adjusted (give it a ~30 second CD, make it ~2500 range and halve the stun -- it's just Mirana's arrow anyway), or greatly increase her per-level base stats. Primarily her attack speed. Even then she'd have a few issues.
0	I was in second grade doing math problems on the big table at the back of class. Friend says my number 4 looks like a swastika. IDK what that is - I'm 7 - and it was never brought up before in my life. He acts outraged (or as much as a 2nd grader can) and attracts others. He starts to draw it on my math work. Then another kids pipes up, "you're drawing it the wrong way". (At this point I should mention both classmates are Jewish and probably learned about Nazis, the Holocaust, etc. very early on in their lives. ) So he starts drawing one on my math paper. The two sort of argue and keep drawing it while also sort of explaining what it is to me, but it's still unclear. They each drew at least 8 or so versions of the swastika - some right some wrong. Eventually they both stop and then the original kid remarks "You know what, you're four doesn't really look like a swastika, my mistake." They both stop and leave, as well as they crowd who watched, and I finish my math work and turn it in - with about 16 or swastikas drawn on my paper! The next day my parents were called in to meet with my teacher and the principal. And BTW, this was in a 75% Jewish community.
0	Being tall and considerate with terrible eye sight makes this an awkward situation...I'd be fine with sitting in the back, but I can't see. Generally I'll ask the person behind me every few minutes if they can see, but then I just feel like I'm pestering them and it'd be better if I just kept my mouth shut.
1	The thing that upsets me is that when there is a 4v5 at my teams mid second turret, top minions pushing top past their first turret, ans I'm bot knocking on their inhib turret and I get fussed at for it.  As far as the macro gameplay, they notice me, but haven't reacted yet, keep defending from them while I continue to do work.  As soon as they dissappear, I (along with [hopefully] everyone else) knows theyre coming for my blood.during this grand distraction, shove something  don't just stand there and bitch.  The other thing, during split push, if constant pressure is not applied, that allows roam.   Even if it is 4v5 with a split pusher, keep pressure, they won't have time or communication enough to successfully counter it without confusion.   The point I'm driving at is that the problem lies in people not understanding that yes I am way overextending, but it's to draw attention.  If there is a base race, keep pushing.  You will either win the game of chicken or you will win.  I say this previous statement knowing of the intricacies of team comp, timers, damage output... Saying to shove a base race out is definitely circumstantial.  Ive been in games where there is a 5v4 mid or bot and there is no way I can get there to help if I B and walk, so I just keep pushing.  It's some of these games that I've gotten reports because people don't understand goals.   Also they don't understand that if I'm taking their inhib and there is a 4person defense on our second turret to their 5, I am doing more help to the team by drawing their attention back to me( I am defensively {defensively in that they will leave mid for me}shoving the hell out of my lane) not to mention the global objectives I've taken.   I just hate the shit out of being bitched at by someone who has no general idea about the purpose of a (IMO) better, smarter, older persons(my) gameplay.
1	Having both rankings is idiotic... If they're going to rank you into league and divisions, and if the rewards you get come from your league and division, then let matchmaking put you against opponents from the same divison when you're playing to get out of this division. People care more about climbing the divisions than increasing their ELO. And it's only logical since they get nothing from it apart from an increased difficulty to climb divisions if they're better than where they are.   This shit only exist to try to put smurf accounts with higher level players faster so they don't stomp bronze and silver players in every game. But using your hidden ELO to determine how many lp you win or lose is enough. If you're stomping people you will gain a shitload of LP and be gone very fast anyways.   The game asking you to be able to play consistently against gold I and Platinum V players to get in.. Gold V can only be considered a system failure. It's even worse, someone going there with a 250/245 win loss record will probably not have this issue. When someone with a 120/80 record will, especialy if a recent winstreak is involved. Nice way to reward good results...
1	I wish people would stop whining about changes like this. Firstly, this was a change they were testing. They chose to inform you what they were doing and asked for helpful input and everyone just gets pissed. Secondly, they're trying to fix a problem! Lane sustain is dumb, it makes the game considerably less fun.
1	Even with a 50% win ratio, you will gain more LP than you lose due to playing against higher level (MMR) players. So you'll climb and have practise against "more skilled"* players.   ^^^* ^^^debatable ^^^statement ^^^is ^^^debatable...
1	Tribunal is not working write at the moment, for many reasons. The main reason is that there are some flaws in the human race. Ego is one of that, most people (I will exclude myself) can't accept their failure and want to put the blame on someone else. It's easier that way.   It's a five man game and if you lose then you did something wrong too. It could be that top, who fed the enemies, but what did you do to prevent that?   Refusing to communicate with the team in my humble opinion is the most serious reason for someone to get banned, because as Riot states this games is mostly about communication.   Intentionally feeding is something you can't prove, unless the feeder says that he is gonna feed, or he ignores on purpose team's pings.   Last but not least, I believe that most people just hit punish in Tribunal and you know why? Because you can earn something when you are doing this. If you hit punish in every case, then you will get ~80% right. That is good, you will still be able to access the Tribunal and win more IP. So, not so much time wasted and a good profit. Tribunal shouldn't have a reward, should be about giving back to Riot, for giving us that awesome game.   Another odd about Tribunal is that you can end up there, even if you have 10 reports out of 500 games, that is 1% and it's pretty low. People sometimes rage, even in their real life, it's normal because there are flaws in human race. Bad day at work, bad news. I admit that is not nice raging and insulting other people, but bad things happen, it's normal!
0	My Sociology professor talked about this in his last lecture
0	No, it's not.  Stop trying to make yourself look to be the individual in the hive mind.  It's as pathetic as the karma whoring involved with this meme.   At least the link made me laugh.   Your post just screams "UPVOTE ME!!!"
1	When I was on the toilet yesterday thinking about Viktor and his Battlecasts, a fun thought surfaced: what if Eternum Nocturne is a creation of far, far distant future Viktor/Battlecast Corp? The only way I see this being possible is that all the technological warfare around the time of Pulsefire Ezreal, was won by Zaun/Noxus. After that, Viktor and his Battlecasts would have turned against Noxus shortly after to accept them into his Glorious Evolution.   Now that Viktor has full control over Valoran, where else to turn? Ionia would have out up some resistance, but were no match for Viktor and his resources. Now let's say he spends some more time gaining control over the remainder of Runeterra. Now what? Why, the stars of course!   In order for my little toilet thought to reign true, Viktor (Or maybe if Viktor died somewhere along the lines, old age, assassination, freak accident, ect. A successor would be leading the charge) would've won any wars with aliens encountered in space. Allowing his empire expanding to multiple planets.   Fast forward, hmmm... Let's say, 100,000 years, and the Battlecasts the control the galaxy, and maybe a few other galaxies. At this point in time, the Battlecasts would be so advanced they could bend space and time at their will, becoming omnipresent in the fabric of the universe, and they may call themselves something new, Eternum. They see all, they know all, and Eternum Nocturne got bored and decided to go back in time to see what all the rage was at the time of the League of Legends.   I could just be talking out of my ass here, and none of this makes any sense to anyone. Has happened before.
1	But can you completely blame them? I mean, before, XDG/Vulcun/whatever they wanna be called this split were rolling over most teams early, then losing due to stupidity, bad calls, and the lack of a REAL shotcaller.   Now, they have the shotcaller they said they wanted in a position where they said he can shotcall instead of in his subpar adc role, and they still make the exact same bad choices when they get ahead, if they even get ahead at all. And the fact that in multiple games, Zuna either dominates and takes every kill himself, leading to slightly less gold to his team, coupled with the fact that for the most part, the laners also getting outfarmed due to a plethora of reasons. OR, he has absolutely no presence early and everyone wonders who picked the Elise/Lee Sin/etc. that's coming out of nowhere and dying automatically lategame.   Now I believe that five weeks is more than enough for management to figure out that this roleswap is not working out, hell, CLG did better with former players for three weeks than XDG has when they've had roughly two months to work out the kinks in addition to the LCS play time. Now can you honestly tell me that there isn't something that Zuna brings to the table that has nothing to do with in-game performance? The fact that Kenma is his brother and happens to be the coach of the team easily leads many people into believing that he has to have some kind of pull keeping Zuna an active player and in the position he wants.   Now I understand that almost every single member of XDG are underperforming, excepting Benny, but he's the TOPLANER, the islander, the man on the moon, the guy that sits and brings pressure top to let the rest of the team do whatever they need to to get back into the game.   But Xmithie, while a very good player, just doesn't have the mentality of an ADC, he's still a jungler, the guy that made their early game as terrifying for many teams as it was.  Now, while he's still on objective control, he's on a pool of champs that just has no impact early without jungle or support assistance, and with Bloodwater's trademarked Sona no longer...favored since the rise of Annie,Thresh, Leona, he also has a much smaller champ pool that can lockdown and peel as easily as previous seasons, and he's still having success with Thresh, his leona and annie have been better played by their opposition more than himself.   Mancloud also has had his champ pool drastically cut apart, and the only time he's won lane since the roleswap has been the recent Gragas game, but even then, every other position lost hard, or barely went even, and the fact that they didn't have good enough ward coverage caused him to blow everything on one person they thought they had a pick on led to them then losing many fights due to  essentially being down the strongest member of their team.   Meanwhile, the second option Zuna has as jungle happened, on Olaf, the jungle he's had the best performance on, because even though he stole IWD's red early, Benny got behind in farm because of how much time was spent dancing around with it, did nothing despite getting THREE OF THE FOUR BUFFS on the map, backed I think three times when they had vision of the jungle top, which Benny then pushed to the tower, and died, despite the statement they had earlier about now having better top/jungle synergy along with shotcalling and communication, and somehow, he got outfarmed by IWD by I think like 2 to 1 that game, all because he spent so much time just wandering around the jungle, not farming, not ganking, warding, but being unable to capitalize on the wards due to the fact that he never had his laners in a position to help him in the event that Curse's lanes came to help and kill him. Then Vi hit six, and we all know how that goes. Death happens to everyone and they lost drag after tower after baron. With really the only completely won fight being three ults used on Saint at the top tower which only pushed Curse back for a few more seconds.
1	Good King Wenceslas" is my mom's favorite Christmas Carol. When I jumped into my first online game around the holidays as a kid, I registered (and misspelled Wenceslaus) the bohemian king's name as my handle while my mom was singing a few steps behind me. It stuck, and I kept Wenceslaus/Wence across every game I could think of growing up.   After a few PAX events with Riot, being the brunt of many "... it's pronounced Weiner Slave " jokes, I decided to shift to RiotGoodKing.
1	OK, let me get this straight out:  I do not believe there are actually 50 players camping 2-0 promos.  This is by no means an offense. I'm just questioning your method and hypothesis.   Let's analyze:     LoLSummoners has the complete ladder of rank divisions. Currently, only 6 players have 100 LP in EUW (as seen in [here]( One can then argue that if you are in your promo, and lose one game, the LP behind drops below 100. So there could be more than those players. Still, you are referring to exactly 2/0 W/L. So, by looking at LoLSummoners, that is plainly  not true .     How did you "check all diamond1 divisons"? It would sound you made it manually, since lolsummoners and other full ladder websites dont account for promotions. Which is an extremely daunting and unreliable task (you can miss out some divisions).     I strongly believe Riot thought about this when they made the system. They have experienced personnel in predicting issues, and something like this would certainly come up during planning. What is most likely, is that the system only allows for a maximum of 50 possible promos to challenger, and that only happens in the extremely unlikely scenario of  all challengers  having lower MMRs than the top 50 diamond1 99 LP players (once they win 1 more point). Once this happens, all other 99 LP players sit at 99 LP (+0 with wins) without getting into promo.
1	Champion  attributes  (even shown in the client) are:     Assassin   Fighter   Mage   Marksman   Support   Tank     As you can see champion attributes are not quite the same as roles, multiple roles can be filled by an attribute and multiple attributes can fit into a role. There is no such attribute as a jungler, but there is the role, for which usually Fighters are best suited, because they have the endurance to tank creep damage but still have the damage output to clear camps. Tanks also work just fine in the jungle but have a slower cleartime. There are also lots of Assassins considered a "jungler" (e.g. Kha'zix). Also ther are supports from classes Mages, Fighters and Supports (lol). What you are talking about is Meta and is often broken by lots of summoners with more or less succes. Of course champions have to be designed according to  some  Meta, that leads to a synergic kit.
1	There are two mindsets that players in a top level competitive game have.  There are the ragers, and there are the humble and analytical people.   People who rage get better because they call people out on mistakes, and they acknowledge that THAT PERSON FUCKED UP.  They are learning about the game and how mistakes are made through telling people they suck and raging.   Analytical people like Dan Dinh or Gbob look at the game and acknowledge how they could have won a fight and blame themselves if necessary.  That is how they learn from mistakes.   Both of these kinds of players learn from their mistakes in different ways, but the common factor is they learn. They learn every, single, game.   Be it from doing X will win my lane, to overextending to get an inhibitor but lose baron is not worth it.  They learn these things and try to not repeat them in the future, as they have learned them already   The best advice I can give you, is be humble about where you belong on the ladder, and approach the game from a mindset of learn something every game.   After every match ask yourself what you learned, even if it was a troll normal game, I don't care, you should have learned something from it.  Because in the end the only thing that separates the average player from a pro player is knowledge of the game, and the faster you absorb the knowledge the faster you will improve.
1	I feel awkward with her scaling. I try getting a Giant's Belt pretty early, so I can get some damage on her W, but it just feels like she doesn't ever get faster at clearing the jungle.   I can't help but compare her to Amumu, who has mirrors of most abilities. With a Rylai's on Amumu they play really similarly. (Also I hadn't thought about the Skarner comparison before, I believe I would prefer Skarner over her in terms of tanky initiators)   Amumu as least has AP ratios. Amumu at least has the option to throw a Rylai's or Abyssal Scepter into his build if he sees fit for various reasons. After doing so, landing his Q will actually hurt. When he pops his ultimate, it will do some damage.   Sejuani has no option of damage. Not even in a half-optimal form. In addition to naturally meh damage, they give her undesirable AP ratios (except perhaps her ult and even then, Amumu's scales better).
0	Believe it or not, there actually is a logic behind why America's drinking age is 21 instead of 16 or 18.   One of the most major differences between the US and Europe is how people travel in both places.  In the US, you need a car to get just about anywhere unless you live in a major city w/ a thriving public transportation system, like New York, Boston, or San Francisco. In Europe, however, many large cities and towns are closer to eachother, and public trains and buses thrive more.  People walk, bike, or use public transportation much more in Europe than in the US.   In the US, driving is so vital that we allow people to earn a permit at age 15, and a full liscence at 16.  Wheras, in Europe, most people can't drive until they're 18 (17 in Britian)   With so many cars on the road, there's a much bigger risk of drunk-driving in the US, and there are thousands of people die in alcohol related car crashes every year.   The belief is that if we let teens have alcohol, they'll have a liklier chance of drinking while driving, and getting themselves killed.  The logic that teens would drink and drive is that, well, they're teenagers.  They're not fully mentally developed.  They make stupid decisions.  And for some of them, those stupid decisions can be fatal.   Granted, there are still some teen drunk drivers and teen-alcohol related crashes every year, but I believe there would be more if the drinking age was lowered in the US.  I would agree that if we taught how to use alcohol and drugs responsibly instead of just teaching straight-up absinance, there would be less of a problem with drunk driving.  But I dont think the conservatives in the US would allow that to happen on a nationwide level.   While I can understand and respect people's opinions about drinking age, this is just my $.02.[Link for some more depth](
1	I smoke enough to really not notice more than your average cigarette smoker. A buzz, that really effects nothing but a relaxing thing to do, that may make the average thing more pleasurable.  that said, the effects really just boil down to a slightly slower reaction time In decision making and mechanics, but I also generally play smarter, with better focus and analyze shit better   So I think I break even.  Trade offs for both states of sobriety,  equaling about the same level of game play.   It should be legal. For a regular smoker it does nothing more than ciggs do. Hell, I don't smoke ciggs much at all but when I do I get light headed and tipsy/dizzy(not complaining nicotine buzz is ok too) . More altering than Marijuana to me.  Though I'm sure the people new to the substance get more fucked up.
1	Personally I think the main problem is not the system, but the players inside it. Players who play often (3-5 games a day) and the players that don't play enough (1-5 games a week) are going to play at different levels of skill, even if they're both in Silver II.   Anyone can win their placement matches by other means than themselves carrying (Being carried themselves, someone on the enemy team D/C or rages, ect.) and once they get put in Silver II, they then stop playing ranked for a few days so they lose out on keeping their mechanics up to scratch. Where as the guy who's been grinding since Silver V to Silver II then encounters an inactive player on his team that's played 30 ranked matches over the period of 2 months is going to be at a disadvantage.   The league player base is so large that these 'inactive' players are going to show up every few games. This is more prominent at Silver league because it's the area of which you either fall into two categories:     I want to improve     I don't want to improve       The people who want to get to gold and upwards will play at their best and stay focused through out the game. The people who just don't care and play ranked because they (EXAMPLE) just wanted to get their role instead of a free for all in a normal lobby (Lots of other examples, I'm sure you can name a few yourselves).   Also, there are the people that have just logged on for the first time today after a long day at work or school and are still a little derpy when playing because they haven't warmed up in an ARAM or Normal. The first game you play will generally be your worst because it's the longest time you've gone without playing.
0	I just wanted to say I grew up and went to high school in San Diego. My Senior year(2007) the invisible children group came to my high school to try to get money from the kids. I saw their whole two hour long schpeal and they had a Q&A at the end.   I asked ONE question: How much of the money donated ACTUALLY went to helping the Ugandan people and how much went to administrative/bullshit/etc.   They AVOIDED my question and I had to keep asking it over and over. They were trying to avoid it by saying how much work and effort people were doing in raising awareness and they tried to tell us how little they were making.   After a very LONG time of saying "Okay, I understand, but you still haven't answered my question - what is the percentage that actually goes to the Ugandan people" they FINALLY spit out the number, 40%. Which was probably just 31% rounded up by 10% to make it look better. They then went on to compare themselves to the Red Cross who only uses 60% of the money(or some such number, larger than 40%)... to which I responded, "Sounds like they are better qualified for my money...".   Young people are stupid. They see suffering and throw the only 6 dollars they have at it. They don't understand how charities work, nor the political situation going on in suffering places.
1	Plat II here.   When you're playing a traditional athene's-raba-void AP mid, what do you do once you're vsing an AD?   Last night I picked Ori against Jayce; their jungler was Vi. I started off with a dorans then rushed seekers. afterwards i went into fiendish codex to Athene's unholy grail, then Rabadons-Void Staff. I ended up doing okay/winning because I had good ults and our team had better fights, but early on I kept dying from Vi ganks. I feel like I built wrong, what should I have built instead?   Double dorans -> tear -> seekers -> morellonomicon -> raba, void, zhonyas?   but I feel like that takes too long to ramp up
1	Send top someone that can farm from afar. Malz, orianna, cassiopeia are just some of the "mid" heroes that can 1v2 top. Old morde could aswell, i'll have to get back to you on the new morde.   Bruisers.. some of them have really good sustain but as a melee there's no way in hell you'll be able to farm 1v2 (at least not as good as you would 1v1).   Ask for a lot of ganks and you should win the lane pretty easily. Especially since you're solo you'll be 6 when they're 4-ish + gank = free double kill with most champions (especially renek-nasus style ulties).
1	Although I think i may see your point, i think it may be unnecessary. I myself was at 900 elo at the beginning of this summer (I believe my lowest point was 893 if i can recall correctly). However, I was so in love with LoL and so passionate about that game I swore i would climb out of elo hel even be 1400 elo by the end of summer. At the moment I'm at 1300 elo with my highest being 1330. Having that goal and making it to bronze (I know nothing impressive) was enough for me because i knew I'd be one of the not so many to actually have a ranked elo while so many remain unranked
0	This is just a more complicated version of an earlier post
1	True, but you have to think of it in terms of user operations as well here. We're talking about well over a million people changing the list around at any given time. They could make the action be done locally to preserve server integrity, but simply thinking of this in terms of a local application is not in any way applicable here. This is a datastream that is modified by user actions, it really depends on how they retrieve/modify the team data. It could be that it's all stored locally, in which case this request would be easy you are correct there, but if they implemented it so that it's only one list (datastructure) that they store server side, then each team list is one list that is viewed remotely by multiple users. This is the most likely design decision they made unless they saw this request coming and planned for it. It's much easier to just store a list temporarily server side and display it to a user. Changing the list to local storage changes the variables effecting server stability. There are a lot more variables here than just a list in memory, and it all depends on where the list is stored and how they generate it.
0	Guys always make the same mistake....I've done the same.  Suck up whatever dignity and ego you think you have, and drive/fly to where she is. Explain how you where INSECURE, and that you're working on it. Explain how you shouldn't have been INSECURE, especially since she PACKED UP AND MOVED FOR YOU.... DONT BEG HER TO COME BACK RIGHT AWAY, tell her that you think she might need a few days to decide, and that you'll stay in town for a few days..... at this point, i wouldn't give a fuck about work if i where you, since you seem to really care about this female.....
1	THIS^   There are a few women floating around in Diamond so there is the individual skill.   Then they need to find 4 others who have a high individual skill level   Then they need to mesh well in a team well enough to challenge pros   Its hard enough getting into LCS as anyone let alone as a woman. There was a SE Asian team that had a woman on the team but she retired before season 2 worlds. There was at least 1 other woman on a high profile team in Asia. On the NA server, there is one woman who could have gone pro (EDIT: Haifu) but she didn't want to, didn't want stress that it brings etc.
0	Probably going to get lost, but I believe that people have lost the idea of what is practical. Plenty of my friends have spent tens of thousands of dollars  pursuing degrees such as Anthropology, Music Theory with a focus on Trumpet Performance, Political Science, Theater Performance, and Philosophy. Now they're struggling to find careers in those fields. We are the "follow your dreams" generation. I took a practical route and pursued nursing. My friends thought I was crazy for being a male who is pursuing nursing. They made fun of me, but when I graduate with a Bachelors Degree in Nursing, I will be a nurse (not a philosopher or trumpeter). It takes hard work. I've gotten good grades, interned, gained relevant work experience (holding multiple jobs at the same time), and I've built my resume knowing that it will represent me in the job market. I currently have had a phone-interview for a position in another state (before graduation), but I've also talked employers in my state about a career. I think people need to really focus on not just what makes them happy, but also what is practical for the world they live in. Also, they need to look at career options they've never considered (I am one of them).  I am thankful that my career path is one that will make me personally happy, but is also more practical that the aforementioned degrees listed above. I know the economy is unstable and healthcare is changing, but I feel it was more wise to lean this way rather than my previous idea of going into the arts (painting, music, and illustration).
0	If your boss is not going to provide a reference, you can at least request the minimum in NZ which is a letter stating how long you worked there, what you role title was and how much you earned. If he doesn't want you to leave, just explain to your new prospective employer the truth, once you have handed in your notice, (provided you are accepted for the new position) he really has no reason to hold back on the reference.
1	There are times when your stats don't have a lot of impact on your game. For instance, you can be the richest guy on the team, but you don't make plays or put pressure on the map to get your team ahead. Or even worse, you may be the guy with the most gold, but you get caught and die somewhere. OR the enemy team is properly wrecking you in teamfights, and your team can't do anything to follow up.
1	Why should you have to even then? Tribunal has made this community into the whiniest group of players I've ever seen. People are going to be pricks no matter what you do. The tribunal is in place for toxic players, players who intentionally feed or verbally abuse other players and make death threats in the process. It is not, however, in place for you to remove minor inconveniences like this. Some things you just need to grow the hell up and deal with. There is not a legitimate argument for this. The guy was spamming character emotes, which is done in most games that have emotes. To sit here and complain about something as minor as that just blows my mind.
0	I'm warning for a wall of text here.   Actually there's quite a good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we in marketing call branding. That is the creation of a brand. A brand in turn is "A person, name, term, design, symbol, or any other feature that identifies one seller's good or service as distinct from those of other sellers." This is according to the american marketing association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding.   Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as as ”A person whose name has attention-getting, interest-riveting, profit generating value”. By using a celebrity for endorsement in campaigns you can achieve something called co-branding. That means that the name of a celebrity is used to endorse a particular politician or party. This is the same as what Nike for example does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their names, big names in their particular fields, to endorse endorse different kinds of products to give them more exposure.   Say that you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or whatever celebrity you know of) you are by more or less always going to pay more attention to the one with the celebrity.   Alright so now we've covered the basics. Now we are coming to word of mouth or as we are here online we are talking about word of mouse. Because of the nature of politics, by that I mean that it's an area which very few people actually know that much about and the information can be ambiguous, they look to so called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley,Engadget, Ray W Johnson or what ever ... someone people look to for some kind of information they are too lazy to find out themselves and which give them the information they think they need.   Now say that you know jack shit about politics and you are ha huge fan of Madonna, then you'll most probably think that Madonna probably is on to something. So instead of finding stuff out yourself you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. That means that Madonna is your opinion leader in this case. Same goes for basically all other brands, both for intangible and tangible "products".   I could probably continue writing about this stuff all day but I think you get the picture from this.
1	It depends heavily on what you like to play, mid lane is very diverse in what you can pick in terms of what you want your role to do. For instance, they range from safe farm heavy mids, to assassins who will roam and try to create pressure on the map (not saying farm type mids cant do this, just more prevalent that an assassin will). If you are looking for assassins try:     Zed- Arguably one of the strongest assassins at the moment, good mobility, burst, and with surprising sustained damage.     Talon- I unfortunately haven't played with his nerf just yet, but i feel like he is still a strong assassin as he is one of the best assassins to roam and gank with     Ahri- Probably not the best assassin, but she is a personal favorite being able to assassinate very well with high mobility and burst, but also not falling into the trap of being a heavy AD mid like most other assassins.       Next if you want to try and play a more passive and team fight mid, here are 3 reccomendations:     Orianna- The most balanced mid laner in the game. Provides a game changing ult with a good set of utility with her sheild and w speed up w/ slow. She is fairly mechanicly complex but if you play enough games, i guarantee you will get her down.     Syndra- I wanted to put her down as an assassin, while she does provide a heavy amount of burst potential, she is a very potent safe laner who's stun in the late game can really change fights. She is a sudo-assassin that is also amazing at wave clear and farming throughtout all stages of the game.     Xerath- Super safe, alot of damage, good burst, long range, this guy is amazing. Takes a little getting used to, but love him aswell.       Now i have given a list of good mid lane picks to start with, but i reccomend wholy to try out any mid pick you want, thats the beautiful thing about this lane. Just about anything is viable in it, some are worse than others, but it is definitely a role that is very diverse in its picks. There are some good picks i did not put in the lists (Yasuo, Ziggs, LeBlanc, Fizz, and Azir if your feeling brave.) The lane is infinite in its picks, and i hope the best for your journey into mid lane. Good luck on the Fields of Justice Summoner! (<- or did they change the lore that much already this is no longer relevant? idek)
1	Strength Of Spirit- "Grants up to +3 Health Regen per 5 seconds for each 400 Maximum Mana"   this is copy pasta from a mastery origianlly in the defense tree. EVERY ryze (at that point- this was before rework- when he was 1-trick pony) would take this mastery. It's champion dependent, but it has a place. >Reinforced Armor- "Reduces damage taken from critical strikes by 10%"   some adcs (weixiao, from WE, famously) pick 1 red crit rune so they can "get lucky". In a 1v2 lane getting lucky might mean a kill- or might mean mister olaf runnin away with 4 hp.
1	I think ADCs are in a good place now. They are not super broken, 2 shotting tanks, like they were at the start of pre-season 3 when I started this game.   They also still do the most end game damage overall and most certainly carry games if protected. My game that just got me into G2 was all about protecting our trist who was doing huge amounts of damage.
0	That is equivalent to the real world. It doesn't matter whether the information is stored in a four dimensional (+ several curled up ones, perhaps) hypersphere, or if it's stored in a one-dimensional line of code,  read  as a four dimensional hypersphere.     2 & 3. Since it's impossible to know the parameters of the test, it's useless to behave differently than if there is no test. Live a good life - give to the world according to your ability, and take according to your need. Do what helps humanity, do what you find awesome, do what you want to do. You should be able to look back at your decision to watch ultra-porn and say "yes, that was the best course of action to take. By doing that I did not waste opportunities I care for or cause harm in the world. My decision then, to pursue a fragment of bliss, was the best decision I could have made under the circumstances. I can't neglect my own happiness, because only I can guarantee it, and this was how I chose to fulfil it.". You should never make a decision you will regret, but realise that many of the things which society demands you to regret are actually worth it. But you shouldn't blame yourself for the mistakes you made from ignorance or which failed due to chance, if the decision not to learn about the situation or the risks passes the same test. Nor should you consider errors unforgivable - life is an infinite learning experience and the mistakes you made make you a better person, if you integrate the lessons to be learned from it rather than cower away in shame.
0	Somehow it felt like a good thing?   Ill tell you why, the law is there to keep things civil. When assholes like WBC BEND the law to their will to act like a bunch of bigots, karma turns around and bites them on their fat asses.   Are they gonna be mad that their identities are now known? Oh but WBC, you were sticking up for your rights, your identity should go right along with that. Oh, you were playing the law. Too bad.
0	Actually something might be broken FYI. I had really bad periods  happen when I was younger. When I started mid cycle spotting too I saw a doctor. His conclusion was that my hormones were a mess and if I wanted kids I should start birth control ASAP to "teach" my body what a normal cycle is so that I could get pregnant. I was on it a little over a year and it seemed to reset me. No more crazy period bleeding. Plus easy to get pregnant. So it worked.
1	I switched to LoL after I finally got bored of MapleStory. I played that game for 6 years so i was used to horrible customer service and I didn't expect much from Riot. Riot really did prove me wrong. When I started LoL and people would tell me that Riot gives you RP if you're a little short I was astonished. Riots customer Service is A+++++. I see many people complain about waiting on things like replay and certain features that haven't been implemented yet. I think sometimes people don't appreciate what Riot does. When you make the transition from Nexon to Riot Games, you appreciate it so much more because you knew what it felt like to have the shittiest service for 6 years. Riots patches and sever checks go as planned most of the time, no "Sever will be up in 2 hours." - 2 hours pass- "Sever check has been extended for another hour. Then extended again and again.  Nexon is famous for that it was so bad. Started playing LoL and I haven's had one real complaint that has left me upset with Riot. I hope other companies learn from Riot. They are doing an awesome job.
0	You forgot to add the word "Uninformed" after passionate.  I've already got this on my newsfeed:   "Blaming firearms for what happened in Colorado (a complete tragedy) is like blaming the hammer for building a crappy bench.   Put your guns in the bag and get on the nice black train.  Thank you very much. Have a nice day.   P.S. And thanks for your land you can't defend because you're unarmed. It belongs to the state now."   Edit: not sure of the downvotes, I mean't that's showing up on my newsfeed, not I posted that to other peoples newsfeed :P
1	I can see how that helps, but I think a big part of this is that lower elo players (myself included), often value kills over cs, especially in the early game. For example, if I'm against a Leona Draven, I can assure you I'll be running barrier flash, but if i'm up against a more passive duo, I'm content as someone like Vayne to sit back and farm, and if my support makes a play or our jungler ganks, I have the kit and the potential to capitalize, without staying overextended. Even against more aggressive laners, I can use CV to identify where their support is going (i.e. our brush), I can, using the mentality that cs is my main objective, disengage much better if the opposing duo tries to be aggressive, and throughout all this, I will comfortably farming. These early game skirmishes kind of exemplify something wrong with the bot lane mindset at times because, unless you're Draven, you shouldn't be fighting early just based on the skills you have (This sounds weird but let me explain). I've personally been in those level 2-3-4 fights where you're just pounding away on the enemy adc and they do the same, then you barrier, they barrier, your supports stun, and the whole outcome of the fight depends on the cooldowns of your duo. If instead you focused on cs in those early levels, the opposing duo wastes time trying to be aggressive, you get more cs, and you let your support manage their cooldowns and try to be aggressive (because lets be honest, supports carry bot lane) where you can then capitalize, or resume farming. One last note: When you do decide to be aggressive and chase the enemy duo, having vision under their turret to dive, having vision of the river to check for ganks/counterganks, and having vision of key buffs are often under appreciated assets in LoL.
0	I don't know why people are criticizing this; this is the basis of [efficiency wage hypothesis]( Paying a wage 5%+ above market average generally results in some combination of higher productivity, higher efficiency, lower search costs, and higher employee retention.   In completely anecdotal example, my grandfather was very high up in AIG (way before the whole financial fiasco), and he always told me to never take a raise after you get a new higher paying job, because if your current job valued you that highly, they should have been paying you that wage to begin with. In his opinion it showed a lack of loyalty to good employees.
0	Can anyone give me a detailed
1	I don't get these guys..   What do they reach by doing this? They get into Diamond where they get stomped because they don't belong there... They can brag about it to their friends but that quickly falls to pieces when they play together and the friends see his lack of skill.   And when you play a competetive game knowing you'll win because you cheat yourself to victory.. Where's the fun? What the point?
0	I'm not sure why you're getting down voted. Taking care of this the legal way would probably make his wife take things more seriously, though I understand why someone would want to remain anonymous.  Granted it happened awhile ago but a lot of states give you a certain number of years (sometimes even up until you turn 30) to report abuse from when you're a minor.
0	When I was 10 years old, a friend and I found two dogs running in loose in a park by our house. They both had tags identifying them, and a number to call. So we took them to our other friend's house, who happened to live next to the park, and let the owner know where to come pick them up.   My friends and I fantasized for an hour about a reward, and what we would do with the money, and how awesome we were. Then the guy shows up, gives a gruff, unpleasant, thanks, and drives away with his dogs. No reward, no conversation, just a quick and small mention of gratitude, and he was off.   We. Were. Pissed.   Then I thought about it, and realized that I didn't need a reward in order to feel good about doing the right thing. From that point on, I determined to never think of the potential for reward when weighing whether or not to help someone, and it's taken me pretty far.   Last quick anecdote. Years later I found another dog running loose, contacted the owner who turned out to be a smoking hot girl my age (early 20's). She offered to take me to dinner, and we ended up dating for awhile. While the relationship didn't last, if I hadn't learned that lesson about doing good regardless of reward, I would have missed that opportunity entirely.
1	Wherever you go, ask yourself: Is that the safest place for me? Where should I be? Should I be the one to go in first? Can I be in a safer spot? Where is the enemy?   Positioning is more about game sense than anything. It's hard to pick up if this is your first kind of PvP game.   There is no single answer to positioning, it's about experience and the situation.   In general, if you're playing support or mid you want to stay in the far back casting spells at every opportunity you have. Let the champions who build resistance and health to take most of the damage first. The longer you stay alive, the more you'll be doing; the more you'll be doing, the greater chance you have of winning. Try to position yourself so that the enemy would have to go through your tanks before they can get to you.
1	The meta still shifts with balance updates. One week people play twitch and build one item the next week they patch that so other champions can come back in. I have played this game for three years and yes the lanes are pretty set in stone by how they are played does change with the meta.   Red pot was a great start on lots of all in top laners for a long time but then the meta shifted so that was as common of a start. Assassins mid was the big thing for a while and then people learned how to counter them more effectively with an hourglass and arm guard. Super tanks like Mundo were the best top laners for a while. Maybe Urgot will be the next best adc and you build static shiv first. The meta does change and if you have been playing for as long as I have you can name off many innovations that have some to counter common strategy and adapt to situations.   Patch 4.11 was a giant shift to the meta if you play at any ranked tier seriously. Nid is brought to top lane and built AD now because of it. They added a new jungle item to allow tanky junglers to have an easier time like Maokai and Rammus. I honestly think that with almost every large patch the meta will wiggle to its changes and that is often reflected by the win rates of lots of champions after a patch.   If you think the meta is static I would recommend you watch the other competitive leagues around the world, even the EU LCS looks a little different than NA because there meta is slightly different. The biggest difference is Korea's OGN which is a whole new world of strategy compared to the NA LCS.
1	This is not a bug. This is intentional... Channeled skills (even if it's a short channel) take up your champion's time. You can't do anything else during the channel (besides possibly use summoners). This includes things as deliberate as nunu ult and things as small as pantheon's spear toss. Let's look at an example:   Tristana's rocket jump. There is a brief channel (about a half a second or less) at the beginning of the jump. During this time you cannot auto attack or cast e or ult (not sure about q since it's not a channel). As soon as she begins to leap into the air, she is no longer channeling, thus she can use her autos and abilities.   You can distinguish channeled abilities by a (sometimes very quick) channel bar that appears on the screen above your skills. In addition, all channeled abilities stop your movement. This was the change they made with Rengar. Instead of making it a channeled spell that stopped his movement, they made it castable while running. It wasn't a  bugfix , it was a  change .
0	This was a serious concern at my old job. We were bringing product through the basement of a large hotel on skids and carts that weighed a lot. We were also sharing these walk ways with cleaning staff and others who were taking short cuts through the dingy damp basement. Most people understood the general rules of walking on their respective sides of the halls but some of the cleaning staff just didn't seem to like the fact that they had to follow rules that were "unwritten" and not actual rules. So we went to the health board and got yellow road lines painted with directions and made them actual rules and everything. After that some of the "rebels" of the hallway decided to still not care; because its really cool to be a rebel cleaning lady right? Well the fun part is is that there is a ramp from one part of the hotel to the other. Well when you are going down that ramp, there is no stopping a heavy cart... so we kind of bet on the fact that yelling "coming through", taking a good look first, and the hope that people followed the rules were enough. Well one day one of those great intelligent cleaning lady rebels decided she would try to jump in front of another worker pushing a cart down this ramp because he was going to slow for her since he was trying to be extra cautious. Her ankle was absolutely destroyed by a cart full of meat for the 5 restaurants in the hotel... SO YES. I agree with you.
0	totally did this too, but my Mom and I were driving back from a restaurant late at night. we noticed a tire (whole wheel we later found) and a bunch of broken glass in the road. We were both like "that's weird" but kept driving. I looked back, and saw off the road two tail lights sticking up from a ditch. I immediately told her to pull over, and before the car was stopped I was halfway to the accident. I saw a few others walking to the car, so it must have JUST happened. There was really loud crappy music still playing in the car.   Right before I got to the side of the car, everything froze for a second, and I realized I may very well be seeing death imminently.   Back to reality- I saw a young-er boy (I thought at the time) in the backseat flailing around. Every window was shattered, and the car was stopped by a telephone pole that had been shattered in half and was sort of hanging on the car. I asked him (actually a her) if he/she could open the door, and she just kept repeating "I can't". The door was locked, so I just reached inside to open it. I pulled her out, she was covered in cuts and bruises and blood, but had no problem walking with me to the other side of the road where everyone else was. Paramedics arrived immediately after this, and told me to stop traffic and turn everyone around coming this way. Soon, a cop showed up, and gave me his flashlight and orange traffic direction thingy and told me the same thing. So i spent the next 30 minutes telling everyone to turn around (including a few cops who just flicked their lights on).   Turns out the girl was drunk, and she went clean through two telephone poles, shattering (like completely shattering) the first and pulling the second from the ground. The impact ripped both front wheel assemblies (ie the ENTIRE wheels) from the axel and shot one about 300 feet down the road, and the other was later found about 500 feet into the woods. I am very very good with cars, but it took some examination to see that this was a early 2000's ford focus. I have never seen a car (IRL) this badly smashed up to the point where I couldnt identify it.   The fire department quickly pointed out I was the lucky one- as the power lines were dangling right on top of the car- had they still been live, that would have killed me.   She was wearing her seatbelt- the only reason she is alive and not in pieces all over the woods.   I dont know what made me do it, but I literally only had one thing on my mind, I like to think of it as my "core human instinct" to protect fellow humans kicked in. I remember crying very hard the rest of the way home- I was already in a rough spot (high school teen depression shit) and that just totally shocked my system.
1	Counter-ganking is when the enemy ganks but you come in straight after to turn the tables around (hey look it's captain obvious)   For instance: Your Gragas is getting ganked mid lane by udyr and Cassiopia. Gank comes from the brush to the side and Gragas runs, then you come in from behind (cause you just stole their wraiths, doing there wolves mostly isn't worth it) as Nautilus and surprise them. Casio has most likely used some of her spells and is on cooldown and both may have taken some damage from Gragas. That's when you pull them off him and ult that shit. OK so Casio and Udyr not the best examples as they have very short cooldowns but you can still own them as long as Gragas can get his shit off.   I type a lot but as long as you are near the gank is question and can actually do something to help, you get your ass there and pat yourself on the back for a counter-gank well done.
0	I don't mean to sound like a fortune cookie, but there's a Chinese saying that goes: [塞翁失馬，焉知非福]( which has always gotten me through more challenging times.   The
1	The problem with this is most people don't give new casters a chance and will jump all over them for the smallest mistake that known casters make all the time. You have to have a very thick skin just to make it through the first couple months to maybe where you're actually accepted.
1	Best of luck in the future Nien! I, and many other people, believe you can do it, as long as [this]( don't continue happenin :P
1	Dodge ONE fucking thresh hook and report for scripting? Really? I'm just trying to comprehend this. One hook silver-elo sidestep=scripting...  Someone who is scripting is  .  All i'm saying is that I don't know if kwon is scripting or not, but to fucking assume that he is because of one skill-dodge is absurd. Really.   I'm just trying to defend myself. Every time I kite with more than 1.5 attack speed on kalista or jinx, whoever, I get "report their  champion  botting/scripting". Same thing if I dodge, gues what, a thresh hook. "OMG REPORT JINX DODGED HOOK MUST BE SCRIPTING". The more I laugh at them for their ignorance/the more I get mad at them, the more they report. I haven't gotten any warnings, thankfully, but it just gets out of my nerves.
1	I played a lot in bronze and it always went like this:   jungler: "mid blue?"   me: "I'm behind, you will use it better than I could at this point" or "if you don't need it, sure"   jungler: ";-;7"   or   me (as adc): "can i red? i'll try to use it well"   jungler: "n-nobody's ever asked for red before.."   me: "i.. it's your buff so it's up to you.."   jungler: ";-;7"
1	There was an official post awhile back saying that the LoLKing stats were close, but not exact.  I believe the example was Ezreal. when LoLKing had him at a 55% win rate, the 'true' win rate was actually higher.   My guess is LoLKing computes their stats using Match History.  If you look at your own match history, you can see the type of data they have available.  There's a lot you can do with that data, but a lot that you can't.  LoLKing has only a relatively small subset of the data, because for the most part they only poll for that data on request - In other words, if nobody enters a particular summoner name on LoLKing that week, LoLKing will not have their match history and will not use it as part of their calculations.   So, the next thing to realize is that only a certain subset of the LoL Player base uses LoLKing.  Generally, those players are more serious about the game. They want to look at stats, they want to improve.  They are also more likely to be persuaded to try fotm/overpowered champs, but they are also less likely to lose just because their opponent has an 'op' champion. All of these to some extent influence the data, and hence the conclusions.
0	Coming from someone in a similar boat to OP, its because carrying heavy shit all day =/= lifting weights and targeting muscle groups.  And most farms wouldn't take someone who works 30 minutes 3 times a week, anyway.
0	I think it's kind of different though.  I don't think people are pussies, but I think people like to collect "morality points" by claiming that something is offensive.   Does this stuff  really  offend them?  Or is there just a chance that someone, somewhere, could possibly be offended .. so they are going to put yourself forward as their champion?   I mean .. what does it take to  really  offend someone today?  A click away is some of the most disgusting shit you can imagine.  I bet many people would click on it, and then .. while eating Cheese-Doodles, playing with their dog, and watching Game of Thrones .. write on some site how "offensive" they found the whole thing.  And then forget about it within 48hrs.
1	Sometimes, if you don't find him to be that great of a duo partner, just play normals together instead, so the outcome won't matter as much.   When I was in silver-gold, I had the same problems with my friends, league or real life. After finding out the duoing didn't work out for whatever reason(rage, not taking it seriously, mechanics, etc.), I just told them that I prefer solo queuing and now I am Diamond 4. I never blamed them, because I knew they wouldn't listen and that would result in endless arguments. Today we still are good friends.
1	Since everyone is throwing their 2 cents in. My guess is that he knew he wouldn't be able to kill her even with the ignite given how much health she had, how close she was to tower, and how little damage his Q could do. Since he maxed E the only way he was going to kill her was taking an extended fight where he could use E on her multiple times while slowly poking her down. He probably could have ignited her towards the end as well but I think he probably got caught up in the outplay he was doing and was focused on using his abilities over using a summoner.
1	See, it's because they have an easier time talking about things related to the game that are opinion pieces, since they aren't incredibly important parts of business infrastructure or future plans. They can chat about things like that without concern for scrutiny over their every word because, in the end, they're just shooting the shit casually with the audience over something that's already out.   Any time something fairly big comes along though, Rioters stay tight lipped about it because they know that everything they say will be analyzed and reposted everywhere if there's even a hint of something big happening, and things will be taken out of context or treated as outright promises even if they're vague statements of 'maybe'. It's far better for them to not weigh in on subjects like new country servers or big game changes until they actually have something to present, because they know, and I know you know, that if they were to say 'We'll see about an AUS server', if they take a while to actually get things together to bring that project to fruition, they'll be dealing with 'omg roit where australia server??' every other week until they finally announce it, at which point they'll get loads of 'About fucking time Riot, get your shit together'.
1	I find it kind of bias towards top and mid laners. It's unlikely for Support or adc to get a solo kill seeing as it's a 2 man lane and junglers often kill lanes and rarely get kills from counter jungling. I think taking counting how much kills were taken by Wildturtle where xpecial(RiPplsreturn)is the only assisting the kill and vice versa(and do the same for other bot lane duos). There's gotta be something for junglers too but you can figure it out(comment is already long enough). Good Graph though :)
1	Chat is just a basic XMPP chat system, so you can connect to it with most IM clients (like Pidgin). The information displayed is received by parsing the connected account's XML-formatted status. Connecting with an external client and editing the status XML, you can change the information displayed.
0	Because not everyone can do it and there is a need for it. Technically minded people are harder to find than artistically minded. And STEM fields can be a lot of work. The harder the field, the better the job prospects are as long as their is a need for it. Biologists are part of STEM but I think they fall to the lowest rung because biology is not that difficult compared to math or chemistry. I know nothing of biology, just going based on the biology majors that complain about phys101 being so much harder than their 400 level biology classes. There is not that much need for biologists and many people can do it, so they are low value degrees.
1	It's easy to carry a whole team when i play ADC. I carried from 1100 elo to 1500 ELO as Akali, but enemy teams could shutdown me down as I climbed. I realized I needed to play a new role since I couldn't carry a whole team as mid. I started Season 3 as Silver 1 (I believe) and I couldn't carry my team from Top/Jungle so I tried ADC. If you get fed enough as an ADC you can carry your whole team if you play correctly. Now I am Plat 2
1	I've been jungling her in ~twenty games of premades so far and this is my 2 cents with explanations to why, after some testing, I feel these have been the most solid choices.     Boots 3     1:  With the WQW Skill order, even if you get a bad leash, you will sustain yourself easily. Diana actually gains HP doing Wraiths/Wolves at lvl 4.   2:  Boots let you early gank if the opportunity rises, they also enable you to steal enemy camps if you see enemy jungler ganking top/bot.     2 x Doran Ring  or  Hextech Revolver     1:  She has low base mana, but you don't need to build expensive mana items with double dorans, also they make you a force to reckon with as you hit lvl 6. Time to snowball.   2:  If you have an energy based mid/something odd, revolver is a good alternative. Even if you lose a bit of base hp -- you will regain the missing 160hp via the revolver in any fight, and you can actually upgrade to a WOTA after completing Rylais.     Rylai's Crystal Scepter     1:  Being able to dive in without blowing up, plus the bit of utility it gives. R gives a full slow, QW only the AoE equivalent   2:  Three different priced components, which of you can most likely get at least one per recall, depending on your ganking prowess. Every recall is a power increase.     Rabadons Deathcap  or  Abyssal Scepter     1:  I went the Abyssal route when facing 2xAP or if the enemy had a Karthus/TF, since it's  quite sure I'm taking more magic damage than usual when fighting. Otherwise I worked my way towards Deathcap, which when finished, means you'll be blowing up any target without MR and a lot of HP with one rotation of QREWR / QREWQRR.     Lichbane     1:  The the twenty odd games I did play, I never got my build up to Lich Bane, even tho I finished a lot of games with ~150 CS and 10+ kills, but I feel as if It would be the perfect addition to her kit.   Even more deadly when rushing in and the added mobility means nobody is going to escape you even if you somehow miss your Q and have to burn R to close the gap initially.
1	Enjoyed the TSM invitational immensly (enough to subscribe), due in no small part to the incredibly entertaining casting crew that kept it running so smoothly.  The ARAM's that filled the time between matches were often as entertaining and fun to watch (and listen to) as the matches themselves.  So I'm glad that you wrote a post here where I could conveniently express my thanks.   I understand that things are changing up a bit in S3, but I can only hope that there will be events where you and the rest of the invitational crew will be able to contribute to the game.   Without trying to feed the trolls, I don't understand why this thread is being downvoted at all.  If you didn't watch the invitational and don't know the casters, you can just leave this thread be, having a variety of announcers beyond Phreak, Deman, Joe "Joe Miller" Miller, Jatt, and Rivington should not be threatening.  These guys brought a style to the game that was unique and fun, whether or not you watch much of the NA scene.  I don't take a steaming pile on posts about Arenaea's recent casting or Fnatic roster change posts simply because I don't follow their scene and feel they don't deserve to clutter up my front page.
0	I had a similar thing happen to me that was equally embarrassing. I started dating this girl in high school and we go out for maybe a month before I invite her over to my house to watch a movie. This is the first time she has ever been to my house so we go to my room followed by my mom. Mom is talking her head off since they just met so I sit down in the floor and turn on the PS2 and the TV so I can put the dvd on. Little did I know that my friend had used my PS2 for some quiet time the day before and had left the porn in the drive and on play. So as it  comes on, it goes straight to auto-play and it picks up mid scene with this huge muscular guy railing a tiny Japanese woman in the asshole. I realize this when I hear, "OH YES FUCK MY ASSHOLE!" coming very loudly from the speakers. I look up and jump toward the power button but it is too late. The look on my mom's face when I turned around was terrible and the girl was in the process of running from the room while screaming, "OH MY GOD!" I tried to save some face and tell them that my friend had caused all of it but they weren't buying it at all.
1	If you're worried about having loads to learn, then don't. Learn it at your own pace, not when you think you should (IE straight away). I played whatever for the first 6 months of playing, didn't give a crap at all.   Now I learned a heck of a lot at the pace I wanted. I've been playing this game for 2 years now and even have the knowledge to be a (novice) colour caster for friendly tournaments my friends' uni hosts.
0	A couple years ago, the ignition for my roommate's car got messed up and the only choice was to drill it out and use a screwdriver until the new ignition came in. While driving the car I got pulled over by a cop. I was freaking out. There was no way this was going to end well. The back window of the car was broken, there was a screwdriver sticking out out of the ignition, and there were still metal shavings on the floor from drilling out the lock. You'd have to be an idiot not to think the car is stolen. The officer observes this and asks me to explain. I tell him I'm just borrowing my friend's car and ask him if I can call my roommate to prove I have permission. He says yes, I dial, and hand him the phone. All she said was one word, "yes" and I was able to go on with my day. I still feel like I should have been arrested.
0	Yea this behavior is terrible.   I was one of those saving kids, growing up.  Always trying to save up to buy something I really wanted, instead of being like my brother and buying crap he'd forget about the following month.   Parents caught wind of this and would constantly borrow money from me.  Would save up for a year to buy something I really wanted, nope parents borrowed it all.   The worst was getting into college and them simultaneously dumping more financial responsibility on me while borrowing 3grand, half to pay house bills (which i didn't mind too much) and pay his business bills.  (Which I work at as well), which amounted to me essentially working for 3 months for free for him.  Blow was worsened by the fact I then had no more money to pay for college and with increased bills of my own and with how little he pays me doubled with emotional sabotage and more financial threats if I tried to quit and work else where(aka make an attempt at independence).  I was living month to month with no room to support my ability to grow beyond being cheap labor/bank account for them.   Also fun fact, learned that while my bills increased, they were helping paying my brothers rent who they were more than happy to support in every way possible to make his life easier so he could have fun and ignore any sense of financial responsibility.
0	Definitely this. My dad makes over 200k and my mom quit her job (she did actuary work) to take care of my brother and me when we were younger. After they divorced she couldn't get her old job back and had to find something which allowed her to take care of my brother and me and make enough to support us.   The divorce took about a decade, because he was slacking on handing in paper work. After all that time, lawyer fees measured up. The alimony along with child support was helping us stay afloat. Also, I'm not sure what the laws are in different states, but here the alimony ended after a certain number of years.   Additionally, when my brother started college, my dad refused to pay anything. Any time money is involved with him, he fights tooth and nail to make sure he pays as little as possible.
0	I'd actually like this to be true. My GF has an old Macbook that I struggle to fix frequently. It had a failure in the harddrives boot sector (extremely rare, not Apples fault), and they installed a new one for fairly cheap. The problem was they installed OSX without the necessary file to mount certain *.dmg files somehow, so when she deleted a folder accidentally I couldn't install software to fix it.   Her laptops from 2007-ish. I tried to install the new iTunes on her laptop to work with our AppleTV (and to aid in me jailbreaking it), but it wouldn't take. I took it to Apple who basically said they don't support her laptop anymore, so Itunes (one of their most critical pieces of software) wouldn't update to the latest version. I could upgrade the memory and install the newest OSX except they don't sell it at the Apple store anymore. Her Laptop is completely obsolete and unsupported after ~5 years.   I also could have saved myself the trip to the Apple store if they labeled their operating systems more explicitly. I assumed (not being an Apple person) that if I needed to update OSX from version 10.3.4987 to version 10.3.5632 (note: numbers made up) that it would be an easy software fix because it might only be a small update. Nope. Apple clearly keeps everything under the same name to keep from appearing fractured like Windows, despite there being large changes in the OS resulting in incompatibilities.
1	If you are freezing the wave you are forcing your opponent to lasthit with abilities a lot of the time. Melee's absolutely have to use their abilites to lasthit. This makes it really tough for your opponent to not hit multiple minions and or do more dmg to the wave than you do.   Even if you only hit 1 minion with an ability when trying to cs while the enemy is freezing it's really likely you are actualy pushing. Why? Because almost all abilites have a projectile with a travel time (or some sort of AOE). It can be quite hard to time your ability in such a way that you are lasthitting the creep at the last possible second. Because you are already desperate for every cs you can get (and because it's a pain in the ass to time and aim your abilities just right) people will not risk losing cs and cast abilites on a half health creep, further extending the freeze.   Basicaly you apply a lot of pressure by freezing. Only way for your opponent to relief that pressure himself is by being patient and accepting that he's gonna miss cs. Bodyblocking an approaching wave might also pull the wave.
0	For one, I would be called back to service. 4 years active, and still in my 4 years of IRR (Individual Ready Reserve). I was trained as a Korean Linguist, so I imagine they'd want me back.   North Korea has a ridiculous amount of artillery trained at Seoul. Within minutes, Seoul would face an unbelievable amount of bombardment from the North. There is not a lot of distance in between N and S Korea, artillery alone can fuck up a lot of the peninsula. Factor in the millions of troops the north has, as well as special forces under constant training to disrupt the main infrastructure of the south and even Japan...surface to surface missiles, air force is laughable but their Navy has some strength in numbers.   A lot of their technology is out of date, but that doesn't mean that the numbers alone can have them fucking up shit in a futile (as I see it) war. They're crazy. Crazy people fuck shit up.   Be sure that although they may not be able to mess with the United States directly, the Korean Peninsula will be on fire. Which would be an international incident, involving China, Russia, Japan, SK, and the US.   I'm drunk so whatever.
0	I am going one step further. I hate Reddit posts that bitch about reddit posts and cast blame for the deficiency on a subset of redditors. These "meta"  posts are nothing more than navel gazing bullshit. Of course there are cute pictures of kids dressed up during Halloween.  We also see similar behavior in /r gaming, advice animals, and ect   Insert dumbass meme (big labowski turd, confession crap, pulp fiction poop)   "Reference recent high rated post with a comment to end behavior"   You know who you are, you read this entire rant, and you downvoted it.
1	Personally would just level an alt account might be fun for alittle but ypull get tired of no one speaking english and trolls. So yea if you have two level 30s transfer alt or if u can afford to potentially buy a xfer back send your main, if not just level one up in your spare time
1	Before the tournament , TSM and the tourny holders agreed that TSM was allowed to stream. ( Note only dyrus was streaming though ) AS LONG AS dyrus had text ( which he did ) running across the top of his stream telling people about GGchronicles casting stream.   Please stop posting false information when you have NO idea what you are talking about.
1	Everyone is talking about sportsmanship, ethics, and professionalism. So let's talk about these 3 things.   The match is an offical match organised by IPL. The prize money is a paltry $300 (paltry in top streamers' eyes). IPL requests (but cannot enforce) participants to switch off their streams during the match so that people would watch the official stream.   Top streamers (like most of TSM, and also those of Dignitas who do stream) can make $300 in about an hour. Maybe two. So obviously the prize money is good, but not an important issue. Top streamers can also easily afford to stop streaming for a couple of hours. If they did so, or simply left a blank screen with a banner giving directions to the official stream, the official stream would have a lot more viewers. If the official stream gets a lot of viewers, they would make more money. This will allow them to A) stay in business, and B) offer more prize money for future tournaments.   So the first thing here is that TSM decides to stream the matches anyway. This does not have any direct benefit to the tournament, as it takes away stream/advertising income from the organisers. This benefits only they themselves. (You can include their fans in that statement, I guess) They would rather line their own pockets than to help support a company that is organising interesting tournaments for the community.   Now, the next point would be that Dignitas was allegedly ghosting their stream. Obviously, if there is a delay, this would not be a problem. After all, the official stream has a 3 minute delay. However, TSM decides to stream with no delay! So not only are they streaming, they are getting one-up on the tournament organisers by streaming before the official stream. So TSM makes a conscious decision to stream an official match, with no delay. Which means that everything that is shown and talked about in their game is now available to the entire world.   So we finally come down to the ghosting part. It's next to impossible to find concrete proof that anyone is ghosting. I have, however, seen evidence presented that could be circumstantial proof of it happening, because it seems to show that Scarra had information of something that was only discussed verbally on the TSM streams and not in-game. This is circumstantial, because there are many other ways they could have received that information. One of their friends could have told them on skype/vent. Someone might have mentioned it on their IRC chat. Maybe, someone called scarra and said "Hey William, Regi's mike is spoiled, Dyrus has so-and-so runes, and they are going to switch lanes!" So there are other ways for Dignitas to receive that sort of information without ghosting.   In real, professional sports, you take make the best out of every advantage you get. Lets take American football. Obviously, it is absolutely unethical to steal another team's playbook. But what if that team published their playbook for the whole world to see? Along with a livestream of their pre-game discussion and an in-depth explanation of all their strategies? Would you call their opponents unethical/un-sportsmanlike to take advantage of this information?   In basketball and soccer, teams often decide their formations and lineups based on their opponents. If you're playing against a team with an incredible player (Think Kobe Bryant, or Cristiano Ronaldo, or Lionel Messi), you might come out with a more defensive lineup, assigning more than 1 player to stay on to their attacker. But what if the opposition team announces the day before, or even on the same day, that the star player was injured and would not be playing? Do you stick to your defensive strategy? No. You change your tactics to adapt to the situation.   A professional sportsman does everything they can to win, as long as no rules are broken. TSM put their in-game information out there in the world for everyone to see. There are a myriad of ways for Dignitas to receive that information, even passively. Should Dignitas therefore shut off all contact with the outside world during official matches? No IRC, no Skype/Vent with people outside the game, no taking phonecalls, not even talking to their siblings who had been watching the streams in the other room? All this, while TSM is allowed to broadcast everything to the world?   One more thing about professionalism. Being professional means doing everything to win when there is something on the line. Even in a $300 match, there is some money, and some reputation on the line. So you try to win, and part of how you do that is by not giving your opponents any advantage. You try to counterpick them, while you try not to be counterpicked. You use your knowledge of their usual strategies in your play. You plan according to their playstyles. TSM chose to not only stream an official match  over  the official stream, they chose to do it without any delay, which obviously shows how they are neither taking the match nor the tournament seriously. If you're not taking things seriously, then don't cry when people take advantage of you.
1	Here is my experience with LoL on Mac and Windows 10 beta via Bootcamp on my 2010 MacBook Pro :     Loading time is about 20 sec with Windows, and about 2 min with OS X.     To have the same FPS (45-60), I have to play on the lowest graphic settings on Mac and with medium graphics on Windows. However, changing my visual settings, or Alt-Tab during loading or game on Windows make me have 7 to 15 fps every games until I close and restart the client.     (Not very important but) the Victory/Defeat on SR picture hasn't been updated on Mac (it's been 1 week since I don't play LoL on Mac so if it has been updated, my bad).     The colors/brightness of the game are/is darkened on Mac so it's sometimes disturbing (why still no gamma option m8 ? DotA 2 have one).       For the people saying that " ololol games aren't optimized for Mac even though I never touched a Mac in my life", Here are some game I played that run with the same performance on Windows 10 and OS X : Civilization V Diablo III WoW HearthStone Minecraft Starcraft DotA 2   And I bet HotS will be running with the same performance on Mac.   A game shouldn't be optimized for a particular OS, but should be optimized for all OS it has been developed for.   I prefer having no new champion for many month and have a fix who increase performance instead.
0	I still remember when I was 5... A few days into school, my teacher, Mrs. Court, wanted to reward us all for being good. I was trapped in a line, all seated in rows on the floor, little heart racing and chest thumping, sweating with panic as she came for me. They were little round smiley faces, alternating in colours as they came off the roll, but mine was to be green. I stopped her as she reached for me. "No thanks, please, I don't want one." "But you've been good!" She reached again and I pulled away, pushing her hand as she'd nearly got me. "Please! I don't like them! Don't put one on me!" She insisted, "But you've been good! Everyone gets one as a reward for being good!" "But I hate them! Seriously! It would be a punishment. Reward me by not giving me one, then I'll know that I've been good." "Alright!" She laughed, her false joviality a guise while she concocted her sinister plan. She carried on past, defiling each stupid little child beside me while they , reached out greedily for their little face. I sighed in relief, but then after she'd stuck the row behind me, I felt a slight pressure on my back. I spun and seized the hand of a boy, Fraser, behind me, his finger still outstretched with the mocking green smiley face dangling incriminatingly by its repulsive, adhesive bonds. I pounced on a him, my other hand closing around his throat and blind to all but exacting justice on this FIEND that had violated me! "Wait!" He spluttered, "It wasn't me! I heard what you said but then Mrs, Court got you from behind when you weren't looking. I was taking it off!" His behaviour still disgusted me as he'd intended to keep it for himself, but I thanked and released him before being sent outside for fighting. And I don't think I've ever truly trusted authority figures ever since.
0	Marijuana was classified as a Schedule I Controlled Substance, along with ecstasy,LSD,and heroin. The qualifications required for a drug to reach such an esteemed distinction are threefold: 1. High potential for abuse,2. No currently accepted medical use,and 3. Lack of accepted safety for use.   A. High potential for abuse? Hardly: while upwards of 42% of American adults have smoked marijuana at least once in their life, less than 1% smoke it on a daily basis. And whereas alcohol is linked to over 75,000 deaths per year,and cigarettes roughly 400,000 per year,the world is still waiting for the first-ever instance of marijuana fatality. This is a drug on which it is impossible to overdose.   So more to the point - who cares? It is a byproduct of the pursuit of happiness that man has the right to debilitate himself - as long as he does not harm his neighbor while doing so. It is perfectly legal to abuse to any desirable degree - even to the point of death - the drugs Marlboro,Jack Daniels,and McDonalds,as well as base jumping,cave diving,and bull riding. It should come as no surprise that almost all of these highs are more addictive than marijuana, and cause more deaths per year (yes,even bull riding). What's more? Many of them do cause harm to innocent bystanders.   B. No currently accepted medical use? This one need not be seriously addressed. Since 1970,14 states have legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes,quite simply because it has medical value - something that has been known throughout human history. Today it is used to reduce pain and nausea for chemotherapy and AIDS patients,and sufferers of glaucoma and multiple sclerosis.   And this isn't just theoretical. Seniors are discovering the medical benefits more and more each year. From 2002-2008,marijuana usage among 55-59 year-olds tripled,from 1.6% to 5.1%. This is not an insignificant statistic upon reflection,because one of the biggest components to the coming narrative battle will be "a fight for civil liberties" versus "lazy twenty-somethings looking for an excuse to get high." If the latter wins out,look for all elected officials who may initially have been supportive of the proposition: they will have run for the hills. As Joe Klein puts it in a 2009 piece for Time: "...the default fate of any politician who publicly considers the legalization of marijuana is to be cast into the outer darkness. Such a person is assumed to be stoned all the time,unworthy of being taken seriously." The increased medicinal usage amongst seniors should demonstrate that responsible marijuana smoking is not only a conceivable practice - but one that already exists.   C. Lack of accepted safety for use? A good time to mention that the legalization of marijuana would incur the regulation of marijuana. Just as we allow other potentially harmful and destructive elements into society and regulate them (here one can include automobiles and pollution),so would be the case with pot. Most,if not all,of the current safety hazards associated with marijuana exist because the substance is illegal and unregulated. Just as alcohol prohibition led to organized crime and poorly-crafted homemade booze (that often led to alcohol poisoning),the continued criminalization of marijuana has led to a massive underground drug trade between southwestern states and Mexico,and the substance itself is not subject to any pharmacological scrutiny. Thus we are unable to monitor potency and purity of the pot that is in circulation.
1	My two cents : EG did "ok" this game :     Krepo did really good : he understood many comments about precedent game, and didn't rush the philosopher's stone, putting a lot of wards early / mid game.     Snoopeh still make bad decision : buy boots of swiftness instead of Mercury's Treads (and took many spear in the face, why snoopeh ?) - just Watch how SaintVicious build the bear please .. also another thing : you could have towerdive easily Yamato with wick'd at lvl3-4 instead you checked two times their wolves and did nothing (you got a strong passive, stop being afraid to make mistake !! ). But you did well controling the blue buff !     froggen on anivia .. no comment 10/10     yellowpete ok this time he did ok, he used three or four times his ulti to push back DB when they were trying to take tower. But he is still not agressive .. it was fucking sushei as carry adc .. you had to be aggressive !     wick'd : THAT'S IT take fucking zed and push the shit of the lanes you did great. But please don't build 100% damage next time make sure to buy a giant belt, one spear and you was out of a fight.
0	There's probably some exaggeration but what do you expect will happen when you put the world's fittest athletes together in one place and put them under extreme pressure to perform in probably the most important competitions of their lives?   I read an article online talking about the sexual activity (I didn't save it) but the
0	Except that this is a horribly wrong analogy.   I don't even know where to start. Read the electricians response.
0	I don't mind and do my business, we all poop, we all make some noise and / or smells doing so. The guy waiting  probably came here to poop too, and already know you're pooping anyway.  Nothing to be ashamed of, just leave the place clean for him and use air freshner. Remember he's waiting, you'll piss him off if you take too long by trying to be silent, or to keep it till he leave. If it smells too bad even with, or worsen by, the air freshner (generally the later tho, they always buy cheap ones that smells awfull), I personnally avoid the awkwardness by jokingly advicing him to come back in a few minutes, they always laugh and say thanks.  Pooping etiquette, super simple stuffs.
1	Those forums are hopeless.   95% of the people that post on it are mentally challenged, or just very poor trolls.   The last thread I made there was about Nashor's Tooth.  The entire post was saying how every champion has 6 better options than Nashor's Tooth, every game.  If you have a 6th item to build after Rabadon's, Void Staff, Rylai's, WotA, and boots...don't get Nashor's.   Lich Bane, Zhonya's, Morello's, even DFG, would all be better choices.   Two minutes after posting, I'm at "-4", with people saying "This is a core item on Kog'Maw and Teemo!"
0	Loads of people are talking about the form for the exercises and how it's bad. I've had a personal trainer before and I've recently just started crossfit myself and the coaches at my gym are very persistent about form. You're required to do a 2 day intro session before you start any classes so they can run through the form you need for all the exercises properly and then before each class the coaches goes through the form for the WOD exercises again, even if there are no newbies in the class and they're also constantly correcting peoples form during the exercises too.   Getting a bad crossfit coach is just as bad as getting a bad personal trainer and neither job requires that you be educated in your field and even the educated ones aren't guaranteed to be good.
0	I wish my Mom had the luxury of doing that. Our finances were set so far behind thanks to lawyer costs, that any child support would barely pay for daily items, and most of the time it went towards the mortgage.
1	It uses team MMR, and sometimes it's not enough.   You can have a team full of plat+ players like mine getting paired against a team full of silver/gold players, because it uses team MMR.   It gets very ugly, I'll tell you that. ranked 5s is 70% of the time a complete stomp until you get at least somewhat 50 games played because by then you'll be in your "actual" MMR. And these stomps completely crush the low ELO players, they get very sad about the stomp they take. More often than not, they start to question if they'll ever get good enough, and if they think they can't, then they get demotivated to play the game. Sometimes tho it motivates them and makes them try and improve their play, but it is rare.   It also happens that a team that is basically full of plats like mine getting paired up against 3 challengers and 2 low diamonds (happenned last night), or even a team of 1 challenger and 4 high diamonds (happenned last week).   It gets ugly as well, sometimes these are complete stomps just like the first situation, but at this level of play people actually get to learn instead of getting crushed and taking not one lesson for the team.
0	I remember in middle school I hand to go to summer school for reasons I will keep to my self. and I would have to take the bus home every time after it ended but the bus stop was a good 150~120 yards from teh school and the bus would come 10 min. after I got out so it would be a race to beet the bus to the bus stop ever day. So one day the class took a few minutes to long and the moment the class was let out I just made a sprint towards the door and out the school to the bus stop. I was within 50 yards of the bus stop and both of my shoes had come off when i was running so i was walking bare foot with the shoes in hand I turn around and the bus is speeding next to me my first thought   Well FUCK! . but as the bus passes I see the bus driver waving his hand as to say keep running your almost there and muster up the strength i have left and made one last sprint to the bus stop. he was already there with doors wide open I thanked him and was going to pay with my bus card but he just waved me off and gave me a free ride.BEST BUS DRIVER OF ALL TIME!
1	It's a great idea! The way I imagine it would be like an Avatar style animation that follows the lore and different storylines within LoL. With the huge cast, Riot would have so much content to play with + already so many different worlds (Demacia vs Noxus, Freljord conflict, Piltover, Shadow Isles etc). They've already got talented voice actors + they could reference competitive league memes. Hell they could even get Phreak to narrate it :P If the LoL animation got picked up by a major network, it would bring so many new players to the game and it would give LoL even more legitimacy in popular culture.
1	Ok... so her abilities are in no way related to her lore...  The guy I was replying to mentions an eagle with quinn and said that she was more powerful because she had both an eagle and crossbow.  I was just pointing out that Vayne's crossbow seems to be a tad more powerful.  The invisible part if you think about it, would also be part of her training.  Whether she has some magic training involved or some cool ninja technique.
0	I have a story about how the book store DIDNT screw me, I had a book for a business class (I had to buy my books from them new) it was like 242$ for this particular book, at the end of the semester, I checked online everywhere for how much i could sell it back for, and the best I could find was 90$ but I wanted to see how much the bookstore wanted to screw me over, so I walked my books down there. For this book, they offered me 121$ (Half of the brand new price) I said "I thought you were going to screw me over." Book store employee- "Nope  the school wants these books back for next semester, so we are offering more for certain books than you can get online." I actually sold two books for half their value, staggeringly higher than I could have gotten online.
0	while i think you are somewhat right i think that analysis would be a little bit shallow.  Yes, the was was about states rights for both sides. The south did secede because they 1. felt it was their right (to secede) and 2. believed that staying in the union their rights as states would be infringed upon.   I will agree with you that slavery is largely perpetuated as the only reason and that is not correct. But to say the that it was not a driving force is not true. At the time there was a specific state right in question, slavery. The south was afraid of the federal government gaining a non-slavery majority and passing laws that would abolish slavery. Now you might say that this is still a states rights thing. I would disagree because at that time I don't there would be any other issue that controversial and so ingrained in society at that time that could cause a war.   As for the slavery being the union rally cry, that i would outright disagree with. The war for the north was about the preservation of the union. Slavery was not brought into the war until late 1962 with the emancipation proclamation(and that was more of a punishment for the rebelling states). The fact is there was still a lot of racism in the north and many people really didn't care about blacks. This was also something very unpopular to do (had the war not started swinging in favor by 1864 Pres. Lincoln may have lost the election and thus ending the civil war).   As for the confederate flag, while it may represent those things, it also represents a very violent part of our history and the imprisonment of a race of people. While it may not be a direct connection, that flag does represent a group of people who decided they didn't want to be a part of this country because they were afraid the big bad federal government was going to take away their slaves. By today's standards that group does come across as racist/ignorant.
1	Just ignore it, man. Being high profile means you're automatically under more scrutiny, simply because of the number of eyes that are watching you, but at the same time, as long as you're smart, which it sounds like you're being (preventing the excessive stuff that got you banned the first time), then you're following Riot's summoner's code as well as anybody else is. Enjoy the fact that every person who logs in to youtube to bash you is literally PAYING you by watching your videos... to bash you. Its actually pretty funny if you think about it.  And also remember, 100% of the people on here lecturing you about how you're a terrible person for saying those things says worse themselves. We see every day where somebody from Riot stomps on somebody requesting a review of their ban, and it turns out that they're literally some of the worst, and they're 100% delusional and unaware of it.
0	I'll rephrase: people like Alex Jones, Bill O'Reilly, Glenn Beck, et al, like to think that the government has some unique interest in our personal desires.   Everything they say is about how the government is watching all of the softcore porn you stream from Netflix, or reading the Harry Potter erotic fan fiction that you author, or laughing about your continued obsession with 98 Degrees; that your deepest, most personal secrets are being scrutinized by some bored NSA analyst whose intentions are to use them against you, someday; like the government will extort our allegiance by threatening to divulge our insecurities.   The government doesn't care about your urges and idiosyncrasies, as long as they don't involve terrorism or revolution. None other than George Washington, himself, mobilized the army (militias) to suppress a rebellion over federal taxation. This is how governments have always governed, only now they have the technology to make it easier.
0	While irony has many meanings, It think by irony you mean "the opposite of what one might expect," in this case. Thus, it's not  ironic  that he demonstrated a greater understanding. Rather, I would say such an outcome would be expected (at least by myself).
0	Friend o' mine tried that. He now is between jobs with no resume to speak of and no skills that are for the current market.
0	I had a teacher in high school who often said shit that was just plain wrong. Mathematically fucking wrong, and he would just keep throwing these "facts" of his around every semester and never accept that he was wrong. Here's a list:   • According to Mr. Asswipe, if you put $1000 in the bank every year from ages 20-29 into a 5% annual interest rate account, then let it be, you would be a multimillionaire when you were 60.   • According to Mr. Asswipe, you could get a new car for free by waiting for a year after it was released and buying it then. I don't remember; it had something to do with waiting until a new car was old and then buying it, or else you were a sucker. It made no fucking sense.   • According to Mr. Asswipe, Marconi invented the radio. This is more forgivable because it's a pretty wide misconception, but trying to get him to admit he was wrong was the real cherry here. After I informed him that the technology was actually invented by Tesla, he said "okay, prove it to me." I blanked. "Just...you know, show me proof that it was him." So I pulled up a copy of the fucking 1943 Supreme Court decision from 1943 ruling that it was, in fact, Tesla that invented the radio and not Marconi. His response was, "whatthecheesyfuck, I don't see why this is so important to you." This man was a fucking journalism teacher and he was talking to me about fact checking.   • According to Mr. Asswipe, you had to pump out your lunch money and give all of it to this local charity that he was endorsing. In theory, that's fine; I was actually the first one to donate, but imagine having that go on for literally every day of the semester, ten minutes at the beginning of class in which your teacher guilt trips you for not forking over your pocket change. In the words of Mr. Asswipe, "look, guys, you don't get how this works: when class starts, you bring out your wallets ..." He was doing it to compete with another teacher.   • According to Mr. Asswipe — aah, fuck it. This is just another story. We read The Scarlet Letter in his English class and he had everyone get together for a game of Scarlet-Letter-themed Mafia. You know, that game where everyone puts their head down, someone gets killed by a selected Mafia member, and everyone else needs to guess who they were. Well, we played this game, and it turns out that no one in the room was actually a member of the Mafia; he was just doing it himself. Officially it was to show us the societal implications of witch hunting, and but really he just liked to trick his class in stupid ways to make himself feel smarter than everyone.
0	Yea, that doesn't always work. My mother was being mugged, and was getting stabbed. Some lady saw it happening and drove up and was screaming and honking her horn. The guy didn't leave until after he got my mom's purse and stabbed her 27 times. He had done it to countless women in the area, but luckily they caught him. Unfortunately he recently was released from jail somehow.
1	Go back to the friendly Dota2 community, learn to play better. (at level 11 it's just about who has the better judgement or placement) or here's what i did and still do today.   Don't give a single fuck about what other people say. When they flame you say: Get real <playername>
0	Have you ever heard the song "We are the World"?  Here's the [musician list](  Other than Paulinho da Costa, do you see anybody from outside the immediate vicinity of North America?   We Americans are idiots about a lot of things.  If you look at the awful people we hire to run things, you can see that this tendency is probably only going to get worse.
1	They choked in the Promotion Tournament and now do not have a spot or chance to play against the relegated LCS teams and get into Spring LCS.  Poor management and sloppy play got them from a 2-0 on Friday to a 2-3 on Saturday.
1	Well he was up against a Cowboy Beeboop lane (thats a thing now), with Maokai jungle. So that means a manageable amount of AP early and Rumble/Ryze in the solo lanes (which means a lot a unavoidable AoE lategame).   Maybe he went scaling MR blues and put 2 points in the defensive tree, with 2 points in MR. On corki you really only need 6 into the mana runes for your early harass + summoner insight. (21/2/7) Would be 0.15 x 3 for the level + 4 from the Mastery = 8.5, rounded to 8. Sounds plausible?   Edit: Ok, I checked. On lvl 14 he has 51 MR. So he definitely was running scaling runes. (They were going for a lane swap so that makes perfect sense.) But If he had 2 points into the MR mastery, he should have 53 MR. So he must have been running something non-standard. Weird. I have some spare time on my hands, I'm gonna watch the game - haven't seen it anyways. :D   Edit: Never mind, I'm an idiot. He did something pretty much everyone does (or did) he went 8 MR blues + 1 AD. Because of the way the game rounds, you get a full point extra in ad, even though you only get 1 full point extra. :) That was actually the first thing that popped into my head, but I messed up the math the first time around. Some people claim that doesn't actually work and that the game still calculates it differently though. There was a video of Nhat Nguyen explaining it.
1	Well, this is what happens when you are toxic. You have to do things to convince them you have changed.   For example:   It's like when you were a kid. Your parents have rules about going places on a school night past a certain time say 8p.m. You sneak out at 12 to go to a party, and you get caught by your parents. You are now grounded for not following the rules. Would you really think that your parents would just let you hand out with your friends whenever now? You have to convince them you won't sneak out again.   You violated Riot's summoners code. You got punished. Prove you have changed.
1	Let me paint you a picture....  cue dream sequence cut away   You're in a good mood and decide to play League for shiggles. Launch league > type in password (pause for a moment to appreciate new Yasuo intro vid) > Play > PvP > Summoner's Rift > Normal (again, for shingles) > Match me with teammates. And then you wait. A few moments go by, maybe hit up reddit for a chuckles or dry heaves (whatever your taste may be). And then the familiar war horn cries out and you return to the League client and click accept.   You watch as the other players cue up alongside you and finally they all fill up and BOOM, you're in the champion select. Positions are called left and right in the dialogue box but soon everyone settles in their position and instantly lock their champions in. Oh well, you think. You analyze the champions already in play. Mostly damage. Not much tank. Clearly people who get off insta-killing people and on the flip-side of that coin rage when they do horribly.   You try and keep your calm. Just pick the best role for you that would also support the team. It hits you: the demigod Susan. Why not? Time is ticking down. Have to choose now. Click. Click. It's locked in.   Fast forward to 15:00 minutes in. You've been going up against a decent champion that basically even in the top lane and all you do is truce it up and afk farm. But shit has been hitting the fan. It's 3-15. Your bot lane has been too cocky and has kept throwing themselves over and over again at their opponents. Their jungle has also recognized the gold mining potential and has practically created a merry-go-round route that keeps circling back to bottom to farm kills every time your team returns. But you know, in the back of your head, keep it up. It will eventually turn around. The cliché "Late game champ" dances around in your head. HA! Yea right.   BOOM! Suddenly the Shen you've been fist-bumping with suddenly ulties. This can't be good. He disappears from sight and suddenly you hear "A alley has been slain. Double kill. Triple kill!" Best thing is to take out a tower at least. You do. And now it's time to return before they gang up on you. Your items now are Sheen, paper bag boots, glacial shroud, and spirit visage.   You return to lane. Your first tower is there, but there is a succulent wave of minions gathered around it that makes any Susan player's mouth water. Almost worth teleporting for.... almost.... But you get there just in time to start farming. And before you know it: (randomly chosen champions) Morgana and Evelynn show up from the bushes and jump you like a spider monkey.   You side-step Morgana's snare, get hit with Evelynn's ult but manage to be directly under tower range and that bitch Evelynn is tanking for some reason.   BOOM! FUCKING SUPER SAYEN EGYPTIAN GOD ULTI ACTIVATED > GROW AS TALL AS A 14-GIANTS-BELT-ZAC'S DICK > whither the fucking Morgana cause she shielded Evenlynn (to prevent the whither under tower) > summon the spirit fire of the under world to lower both party's armor > Morgana activates her ulti in panic > BOOM! GETS MOTHA FUCKIN PIMP CANED IN THE MOUF! 100 - 0!   By now that bitch Evelynn has popped her little stripper twirl and is running out of the vicinity but you activate your ghost and FRED-MOTHA-FUCKIN-FLINSTONE-TWINKLE-TOES all the way back in range and whither the fuck out of Evelynn..........   This summoners is the mouth watering moment we've all been waiting for. Evelynn is withered. You're in god mode. All three dog heads barking away. You drop the disrespect and bust out the speakers and dance for a moment as Evelynn gets slower and slower... then right as the whither is about to wear off.... you send her to black and white screen.  Cue "YOU GOT KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT" from the movie "Friday" and keep dancing
0	i joined AmeriCorps after hurricane Katrina because I wanted to help, but during and after my service I recognized that I and others were there for another reason: disaster is fascinating.  There's the proverbial "train wreck" from which one cannot look away.  There's something alluring about suffering and extreme dislocation of civilization, for those who live comfortably from day to day.   Why?  I connect it to the amount of hemming and hawing over the "apocalypse" in general. Stories like The Roard, Blindness, numerous apocalyptic sci-fi films, the cynicism of futurists about the chances for human survival, and, yes, zombie fiction of all stripes, all point to some kind of yearning to think about this stuff, to imagine ourselves after the fall of humanity.   Why would that be so exciting?  I have a theory, that we are into that kind of thinking, those kinds of fantasies or predictions about real nuclear threats, because all of that represents an eventual freedom from responsibility.  In a secular sense, your moral responsibility comes from living with other people in a society, in the context of civilization.  The apocalypse means it's all done.  Freedom.  You don't have to worry about what's good for the world, or how you should act to fit into it, because it's over.  There is no world.  There's just you, and survival, the simplest impulse.   That freedom opens up numerous possibilities.  One of those is 100% amoral recreational killing, and the zombie apocalypse is the best example of our desire for that.  Zombies and Nazi's; mow 'em down, and meet a desire that you have on some level to kill human beings.   But that's not the only possibility: another is to set up a new society on your own moral terms.  Think of how much we love Battlestar Galactica.  The post-apocalyptic context of that story is a big part of why it's great.  Those people are responsible for creating whatever moral order is to exist in the universe. People in such situations are the ultimate change agents, because the powers that be are gone, the status quo has evaporated in atomic flame.  Obviously there are new obstacles, but those (evil robots, unpassable scablands, cannibal hords) often fit better into our narrative thinking as parts of an epic Heros Quest than the obstacles present in our mundane, living civilization.
1	I've been trying to get good with Zed a lot recently because I know he's extremely strong when you have the mechanics and skill to play him, but I think I won't ever play him again because     I know I will never be on Faker's level.     I am not worthy of trying to reach his level
0	Also, I make jokes about killing babies in violent ways and think they're funny. I don't actually have anything against babies (at their best they can be very tasty), but it's a certain type of humor. Making jokes about something is not the same as condoning it, when people do it tends to be apparent as the jokes contain an edge to them. Joking about race and racism is not my thing, but to play on racial stereotypes can be the same as playing on any other. All stereotypes are unfair, and for me that is where they derive their humor. If I though all blondes were stupid, I wouldn't laugh at the jokes, because I'm not a malicious person, but that stereotype is funny and universal.   The Almost Politically Correct Redneck is clearly playing mostly on the negative stereotype of the redneck, turning it on its head. It goes from a good premise to a bad one, the butt of the joke being the second line. I read it as the redneck having good intentions, yet he can't escape that he's a redneck - he comes from a different subculture. The joke is much the same as those about wiggers. They want to be rappers and gangster, yet come from well furnished middle class homes and hence fail. The wigger is naive and the APCR is naive. Now, ask yourself if this would be a funny APCR caption:   "Save women"   "Kill niggers"   It wouldn't for me, because the intent is malicious and it sounds to me like the creator of such a meme might be serious with his second line. It's unneccesarily violent. Now compare the caption above to [this]( The tone, wording and intention is everything to this meme.
0	parked on a narrow side street in the town center,   double yellow lines on one side, single on the other.   everyone else was parked on the double yellow line which means you can't park here.   no one was parked on the single yellow line which means you can't stay here but you can pull up and run into the bank :)   the idea as i understand is to keep the road clear enough so that people can freely move through this road   so in comming to it I can either do as the road tells me an park on the right side where I'm legally allow to and block traffic because no one else has parked on the left or park on the same side as everyone else where I'm not supposed to park but that still allows traffic to freely move.   an object lesson in legal ethics. do what the law asks defeat the purrpose of the law disobey the letter of the law and perserve the funuction of the law.   so after 5 minitues in the bank I come back to a ticket on my windshield. doh! but then i get to thinking this isn't rght everyone always parks like this the road should change to fit reailty. it doesn't hurt anyone when we park like this so i'll ask to change the road.   so i rang the local authority, got hold of the highways department explain the situation, asked how I go about changing the road markings. they said they'd look into it for me.   when i go to pay the ticket they said it had been canceled the local authority had made an exeption on that road because they felt the lines need to be changed to reflect the use by residents.   and that boring arsed story wasted so much time
1	it's just an MMR difference because you got there in few games. with around 200 games played i'm winning 19-23 LP and losing 9-12 in diamond 1.
0	The thing that makes Reddit AWESOME is that there are tons of different people with different experiences and insights. If your going through some trouble, someone on reddit has gone through something similar. Want to know about the mating habits of amazonian arrow frogs? someone on reddit probably is doing his thesis on it.
1	Nailed it.   I keep hearing dominate talk and call every play when I swear to god at the beginning of the season Peter and Mark call piglet out and tell him they  WANT HIM TO MAKE THE CALLS AND FOR IWD TO TAKE A STEP BACK AND SACRIFICE HIS GOLD A BIT   However, they won the  very next game after doing this. Peter and Mark commend Piglet for making the calls...   Then it completely stops. IWD creates a big fking shit storm of Drama around his team. Throws four games... chases off friendships that could be made by toxic game play and taking it to real life. (watch all their interactions in all the episodes and other videos - clearly IWD is mocking him and making fun of him in MANY situations ; check the 3rd video @ 4:30s where IWD claps Piglet on the back after a lost game and calls him a confident "World Champion" with the most smug smirk face that I've ever seen.   I'm so tired of the  IWDrama  .   You don't hear from Piglet at all really about what he thinks about how Dominate is doing.   You don't  hear Fenix's standpoint of what he thinks about his teams failures.   You don't hear Quas standpoint either. My point is... I'm betting they don't care so much about the  Drama  and just want to win and get better in the LCS. It's aways just  IWDRAMA  and Piglet. Matter of fact. Now the coaches are even doing it.   I used to be a Curse mega fan. I'm so sick of their team and coaching staff I'll never root for them again.   Way to alienate players an create so much drama your fans hate you for it.
0	I've held onto this theory that the Church of Scientology is just a front for celebrities to "launder" their money, to get out of paying taxes. To clarify, what better way to avoid taxes then by "donating" millions of dollars to your church. How do we know that the church isn't funneling the money back to all of its rich members, even for a small fee? It's public knowledge that its members have to pay for every level of "enlightenment", so the money given to the church isn't really questioned. Also, take into account that the majority of its congregation are actors. Who better to portray the crazy antics and obsession?
1	I think the biggest thing is that riot  appears  to be able to only work on one thing at a time. And right now that always seems to be new champs since that is what's in every patch,champ previews are almost the sole news on the homepage, etc. People are tired of seeing new champs as the only thing they're doing. Riot  really  needs to work on their communication skills with the community. Explaining their thought process is great, but when they say their working on important stuff and then we see new champs yet again its like "really? Your priorities are effed". Tell us a team is working on new art, or that replays are coming or a new map is being worked on or there's an overhaul to the lobby UI coming. Don't tell us you have 1 (one!!!) guy doin the stealth remake and its not a priority so you don't know when it'll be done because then we see more champs come out and Its appears Instead of working on new features that one guy got told just to work on a new champ.   Honestly, this entire discussion reminds me of early WoW when the blues never gave any kind of useful info and asked the community to trust them that cool stuff was coming. Luckily cool stuff did come but so far Riot hasn't proved it can deliver on their promises so they don't have the benefit of trust that the blues in WoW do today. Plus the blues got lightyears better at communicating with the WoW community and unless Riot makes some concerted efforts to do so, they're going to have a pissed off vocal community too.
1	I hope for Riot that they will do something special for the 100th champion. And i am not only talking about the champion itself. It's the 100th champion and Riot should be able to pull off something extraordinay. In my oppinion, the last like 4-5 champions were pretty boring. Nothing new. Nothing special. No new ideas. They were all boring to play. It felt like Riot realised every second Week 'OH MY GOSH, two weeks passed, let's make a new champion, quick!!!' The only one i hoped for was Draven who could be fun to play but after his releas I was really disappointed. But I hope the best of Jayce. And also, it would be nice to see something around this whole '100th champion' thing. When S2Games (HoN) released their 100th Hero, the hero itself was something new. With extraordiany ideas and some stuff you have not seed before on Hon/DotA/Lol and they also did something around this.  And Riot has more possibilities to do something.   And i am not talking about a new map design, or some free IP or a new skin. All that stuff is old. That's not innovative. And I for myself expect something innovative for the 100th champion. Especially after the last 5 were pretty disappointing.
1	It's a good video, but I'm so torn about it. x_x   Support players say that: ADC gets the credit / they get blamed for killstealing / they are forgotten and underappreciated.   ADC players say that: they the hardest job (focusing on cs) / are under stress a lot because they always get focused / can't carry their lane if their support is bad.   Jungle players say that: they always get the blame when someone loses lane / when enemy team gets dragon / lack of pressure on the map.   Mid laners say that: they are the only one who can win and feel like they need to solo carry / they also get focused a lot in teamfights and have to be really careful.   Top laners say that: they are literally screwed when they give up an early advantage and no jungler assistance / top lane is an island seperated from the  rest / you can't carry from that position.
1	Cloth armor 5 pots, start at blue or red, and clear the jungle. Alternativly if I'm a against a much slower jungle, shen etc. I steal their red immediatly after getting my blue before clearing my own jungle. I can do this because blue takes about 15 seconds and red only slightly longer. Smite will be up again at their red if you smite right away at blue; although you can do both without it if you hit DBC and powerball every time, but you will use all your pots.   Anyway after clearing you should be level 3 - 4 depending on runes / masteries. at this point I gank bottom , if I do red second. When I gank bottom I have 1 lvl in all three skills and if I'm 4 I have 2 in taunt. Powerball flash usually = first blood.   Go to shop buy madreds razer and boots and a ward, clear jungle, ward dragon and gank again. Continue until laning phase ends, getting dragon when possible after you get your ult. Without it its too slow to be safe without help. At least if the other team buys ward or has CV's.   I can clear the jungle the first time in around 2 minutes (guessing haven't timed it) with improved smite and still have plenty of HP to gank a lane.
0	That's likely because you're male (if you are).   I've been a part of a psych study that was testing to see if men and women can get equally aroused by the same situation over and over.   Women can get turned on by the same thing over and over but men start to become disinterested. This is why most men will look for new porn instead of fapping to the same thing over and over.
1	Longer post. Depends on what level of play (for reference, I play at Diamond and all of these still occur). Roughly speaking, here are a few common mistakes. I will only be focusing on LANING mistakes. If you want to know about more, let me know.     Bad positioning when last hitting. When you last hit, you need to be in a position to not be harassed by either the enemy adc or support. As a default, this means you want to be as far away from side bushes as possible when last hitting. This means that whoever harasses you cannot reset minion aggro by ducking into a bush, and it also means that you are less likely to get harassed. The only time that I last hit next to a bush is when my wave is pushing up (I have more minions). The purpose of this is to try to bait their support/ad into harassing me, then I all in them. With more minions on my side, I get an inherent advantage. Anyways, there is a lot to be said on this topic.     Trading too little. A lot of pairs fail to understand their power spikes. At what point should you be going in for all in trades? For example, Sona outdamages basically all supports at lvl 1. However, she loses fights at lvl 2, since her next choice of skill doesn't really add trading ability. You want to tailor your aggression to match your power spikes. Some common spikes: MF/Taric at 2 and 6, Draven/Taric at 2 and 6, Varus/Zyra at 3, etc.     Trading too much. This is similar to #2, but this is a failure to understand how your damage is dealt, and how much you can deal it. A classic example is something like blitz/x. Blitz grabs someone, E knock up, Ult. Hey you knocked them down to 2/3 hp. Your AD casts, and hey, he's at 1/2. You are winning! Well sorry, you just blew all your damage. If you grabbed someone like Taric/Leona/Lulu who can all in your AD, you are likely to lose the trade. So what I'm trying to say here, is get in and get out. Maximize your damage output, minimize your damage taken, then get out. Use your hp advantage to zone. Not every trade results in a kill. Most don't.     Playing the matchup incorrectly. I can't tell you how many times I've seen "STRONG" comps played incorrectly. Crap like Nunu counterpicks into Vayne, Sona/Ezreal poke lane against some Nunu/x lane, etc. When you pick a bot lane comp, understand your synergy, and understand the OPPONENT synergy. I can discuss specific comps if you are interested, but there are way too many to cover.     Understanding how to recover a lost lane. This may not always be possible, but you HAVE to understand how to recover when you are losing a lane. These are small things like taking golems, freezing at tower, to making big plays like barrier baiting with jungler, pink warding their sides to deny vision and let the jungler come along (not ganking) to play mindgames, etc.       Those are some of the basic ones that apply to all comps/champs. There are more indepth strategies when you look at specific champs/comps.
1	This, so much this. I play (well played) at around gold-plat level all through out the end of S1 till the first few weeks of S3. After that I had some major breaks thanks to other games. When ever I go soloqueue I feel that in my now silver elo - is where I belong to. In a solo level of course - but to my point. We have our small group of IRL friends that we play with a lot since S1 and we still "compete" at gold and maybe plat 5v5 level because of our easy teamwork and fluid communication. We trust each other completely and know each other weakspots.
1	Uh... no. You have played really bad Ahris in that case. That Q should be destroying you all day, every day. I've played this lane a number of times (in ranked as well) and it wasn't ever close. I will Q and W you down until you are forced to b, over and over - if you stay, you die, if you leave, I double your cs. Kennen can't land a Q on Ahri since she can stand with minions (where she can still hit you with her q and w which go through them...). He can't go toe to toe with her - and Ahri never runs out of mana in my experience, and once she gets her ult, she can burst you from 100->0 (her combo does just enough damage to kill a full health Kennen if both are at level 6 and she uses ignite - and that's assuming she only hits you with q,w, and e once each, while in reality she will poke you with q/w a few times).
0	As a bald man, I would like for strangers not to embrace me, at least not unless I'm comfortable with your level of personal hygiene. Of course, that means we'd likely not be strangers anymore, as we would have exchanged enough communication that I was aware of and felt comfortable with your hygiene levels, at least immediately if not generally.
0	As a androgynous female, I can't tell you how many times I've had girls confess to me thinking I'm a guy with girlish features. There was this girl, Laura, who didn't believe me, she slapped me because she thought I was lying and making fun of her as my way of rejecting her. I ended up being late to my next class (Gym) because I grabbed some ice at the nurse's office. So I'm rushing into my uniform and decide to just change in front of the lockers as opposed to in the changing rooms to save some time. Laura had apparently forgotten something and came into the locker room, she ran in just when I was topless and when she saw me her mouth dropped into a small o shape. She stared for a few seconds and ran out crying while I just stood there bewildered as to what just happened.
0	You don't need to kill anyone to make a terrorist attack.   I don't know if you've heard about ETA, which was a Spain domestic terrorist group linked to the independentist movement of a north region. Now they have disbandend, but up until recently they had basically all the tricks on the book, shooting point blank in the back, bombing strategic places, trying to smuggle missile systems into Spain (this one got busted, but still).   Killing people usually came followed with a huge backslash, because obviously, so, at times, they'd prepare a bomb, wire it up, then call the police and tell them what they had done. The area was evacuated, the bomb deactivated, but they sent the message: "Look what we can do, if we wanted, people would have died".   So, in my opinion, the fact it is a terrorist attack doesn't depend on the action or the amount of killed, but rather in the ulterior motives. Was this guy a crazy lunatic that woke up one day and decided to kill a poor soul: despicable but not terrorism. If on the other hand this guy were part of a larger group that decided to show what they can do to obtain something in exchange? yep deff terrorism.
1	I like the
0	The "attractive nuisance" doctrine did  not  originally apply in OP's scenario because the nuisance was not on the landowner's property.  An "attractive nuisance" must be an artificial condition, it must be on the landowner's property, and, generally, the condition should be the thing attracting the children.  See u/this_is_not_the_cia's comment.  Here, the land the children originally crossed was simply land.  It was a natural condition; it was not an artificial condition as required of an "attractive nuisance."  Furthermore, a court would likely not have applied the "attractive nuisance doctrine" because the children were attracted to the school and were not attracted to anything on the landowner's property (presumably, the school was not on the landowner's property).  Thus the "attractive nuisance" doctrine did not originally apply.  The doctrine might apply after the landowner introduces gravel and lights as these are artificial conditions.  But again, a court might hesistate to apply the doctrine because the school was the primary attraction.   Nonetheless, the landowner likely was originally liable for harm caused to the children while crossing his property under a doctrine known as the "footpath exception."  I believe this is what u/Obamaforpresident was addressing.  Generally, a landowner owes no duty to care for trespassers.  Exceptions exists.  Under the "footpath exception" if a landowner has reason to known that trespassers frequent an area of their land, or that part of his land is a commonly travelled path, the landowner owes a duty to care.   Though "attractive nuisance" and "footpath exception" both have roles in tort trespass, they are separate doctrines.  You and u/Obamaforpresident are talking about two different ideas: (1) whether some  thing  on your land likely attracts and endangers a child, and (2) whether  people  travel on your land.  "Attractive nuisance" focuses on the landowner's knowledge about qualities of inanimate objects on his land, whereas the "footpath exception" focuses on the landowner's knowledge about activities of other people on his land.  Here, the "footpath exception" is the more appropriate doctrine to apply.
0	I was getting into my car in a parking lot, there was a group of 3 16/17 year old girls putting some stuff in their trunk.  They all looked around (like they were doing something super evil) and pushed the cart behind the car next to them. They all jumped in their car as fast as they could and started driving off.  I noticed that they left 2 cases of water on the bottom of their cart and started honking and pointing at their cart.  I'm pretty sure they thought they were committing a felony or something because they peeled out of the parking lot so fast they almost got in an accident.  I took the cart back into the store and told one of the employees that if 3 high school girls came looking for their water, this was it.
1	No matter what when you are diamond and you fuck up, you probably know what you did wrong.  You can tell me "oh just ignore it" or "grow up (in a nice way?)" but in the end, IT FUCKING SUCKS to be hated on for trying something new or making a mistake.  I know I fucked up and when they are telling me how bad I am I know I'm not bad, but it's really fucking annoying. I can ignore them but there's a clone of them in the next game I play too.
1	If you want to win, you'll have to chase those rising champs and leave the old ones.   I disagree with this part.   Really really strongly.   Look at tournament data.  Something like 70% of the champs get either picked or banned in high level tournaments.  The data points to one thing:  Riot has done an AMAZING job of keeping 109+ champs balanced.  They are nearly ALL viable.   Even the pros frequently admit things like "I thought that champ was trash, and then I saw someone play them well, and I had to revise my opinion."   The secret to winning isn't to chase the FotM around.  And that CERTAINLY isn't the secret to enjoying the game.  (Which I would argue correlates highly with winning.)  The secret to winning is to play whatever you enjoy playing the most, and to understand it well enough to maximize its strengths.   Look, I play Sejuani.  I played Sejuani in season 2.  I still play her.  In S3 ranked, I think I've played over 20 games with her.  I've lost 1.  In spite of everyone "knowing" she's bad, I continue to pick her for games, (usually get laughed at), and then usually do really well.  And I do well for one reason:  I enjoy playing her, so I have played her enough to really understand how she works.  I know her weakness, and can work to minimize them, and I understand her strengths, and I can try to set up situations where I can apply them.   It's a tradeoff:  If you play whoever is popular at the moment, then you will have WAY more resources for figuring out how to play.  You will have no shortage of guides and high-ranking players weighing in on different build and play choices.  On the flip side, everyone else is looking at the same resources, and even the people that aren't playing the FotM are getting LOTS of practice in dealing with them, since they're showing up every game.   On the other hand, if you play someone that is not FotM, you basically will have to figure out for yourself what works and what doesn't.  Any guides you find will be suspect, and probably out of date.  You'll probably have to spend some games trying different things (and possibly losing horribly) before you get it right.  But on the other hand, once you DO figure out how to make it work, you have the advantage that you're going to meet a lot of people who have no idea how to deal with you.   I win a lot with Sejuani.  It's not that I'm a super-awesome fantastic player.  It's not that everyone I'm playing against is stupid and bad.  It's that my opponents simply  have no idea what sorts of things she is capable of,  and are having to adapt their strategy in the middle of a game.  I've simply had a lot more practice playing against common champs as Sej than they have playing against her.
0	I'm a white male that didn't shit the bed in high school and has a full ride (housing, food, books, tuition, everything) at a state university in the city I grew up in. The scholarship had NOTHING to do with race, gender, or income. Just my grades (which for the scholarship weren't that impressive,  3.7~ gpa 32 ACT hardly top 25% class rank) and the work I had done for my major.
0	I'm amazed at how focused so many people are about minute spelling errors, that they completely disregard the topic, and have to sate their superiority complex by drawing attention to it.
0	This. I agree with you completely. My dad didn't go to college, and my mom did. They both work at my local school district. My dad is a custodian, my mom works in special ed (senior assistant in the district). He makes more than her, at about 14.50-ish an hour. Together, they make about 30k a year.   The only reason they can support us (3 kids) is because of government programs. For the longest time, they were full of pride, and wouldn't take charity. When the economy tanked, and we lost our house, they finally caved in.   We afford rent because the house is owned by my grandparents. We eat because of foodstamps and the local foodbank; and when school is in session, free breakfast/lunch. With sports, we have to work off our fees. We have to go with a private donation fund for athletes to get soccer shoes, or the like. Yet, are we a drain on society?   My mom works with special ed kids. She is on the high and middle school PTOs. She spends most of her time volunteering for them, or for other community events. My dad works as a custodian. While he just got switched to nights to keep his job, when he did work days he gave away most of his time. He coached soccer, basketball, softball, was involved in the high school PTO, volunteered at most sporting events, and still managed to make it to nearly every game/play/concert.   Then there is my siblings and I. They have great grades (3.9 and 4.0), though they are only in middle school. They are both 3 sport athletes. One is involved in band, one in choir.   Meanwhile, I am a Junior, top of my class. I am the youngest in my year, because I skipped a grade (1/2 7th, 1/2 8th). I am taking the hardest classes available, and am actively working with the community college to visit other schools, and seek scholarships. I am a member of my school's ASB (Associated Student Body) government, being the IT Director. This is my 2nd year doing it. I was until this year, involved with soccer (injured, lost will to play), have been involved with the drama department (plays + musicals. Will be acting in the play this fall, and backstage work for the musicals). I am also the wrestling team manager/stats person. I am one of two programmers for our robotics team. I also attend all home softball games, and the away games that I can. It was neglected for many years, and is now being rebuilt. In a place that rains a lot, I spent a lot of time in the rain, running the score clock. On top of that I have  a job working at a local radio station during live coverage of games plugging ads, and reffing youth soccer games every Saturday in the fall, four games a day, in the rain (8-1ish).   We are all outstanding members of the community, and would not be so without government aid.   Edit:
0	Imo the 'fap' thing is a joke. In /r/cringe you see all sorts of "fapfapfapfap" fb comments on pics of girls or whatever. I guess I can just talk about me personally, but I don't think I've ever fapped to anything I announced I was fapping to.   The idea of people masturbating to these leaked celebrity photos is offensive, so naturally the people who are amused by the leaks are going to push that angle to get more hilarious outrage. And it's working! Commentators are frothing at the mouth, and  that's  hilarious.   (I haven't masturbated to any of these celeb pics, and I likely never will because I don't find the pics or subject matter that attractive. But I'll continue being on the amused side of this.)
1	You forgot "
0	It is my expectation that reliable and unbiased reporting on the subject of Israel will loudly be called biased, because the audience for news about Israel is polarized and blindly partisan.   (This is especially so with news about the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, but AFAIK my very use of the term  Palestine  makes me radically anti-Israel to some readers, who won't read this any further.  Bye! )   Someone from  The Philadelphia Inquirer  was telling the story about the outsized amount of angry mail they got on Israel–Palestine stories from both sides accusing the paper of bias. They commissioned a study to determine what a supposedly objective third party would consider their bias, and interestingly they had one, not apparently toward either side, but toward "peace" -- they favored whichever side wants a cease fire at the moment, opposed whoever seemed to be sabotaging work toward a peace treaty.   To at least one side, Pat Robertson is unbiased and reliable when compared to the BBC, NPR and  The Philadelphia Inquirer  concerning the subject of Israel.   > I just want the violent conflict to end.  > Fuck me, right?
1	I feel like some of the guides on this website were rushed, and if you've never actually seen the writer play that champ, I wouldn't trust it.   For example, in Aphromoo's Amumu guide he says to max W 1st, so I check the abilities section to see why that is. He says it does good damage early game, then I look for some argument on his E, so when reading that he says "After buying your Malady, you will see that Tantrum will burst the squishier champs for significant of damage." So I think Malady? That's an interesting item, I check the item section, Malady isn't even mentioned once.
1	FML. I played my 5th promo game to get from platinum to diamond yesterday, having been loss/loss/win/win in my series. After winning the game I was surprised not to see the diamond badge appear. After an hour of waiting and relogging there had still been no effect on my series. I opened a ticket about it but I fear that the answer I get may well be this article. Can only hope karma is kind to me when I play my next ranked game :(.
0	My take on the matter is this:  there is very little  American  patriotism. Too often, all of the people I have met who do not speak English are extremely patriotic for their country of origin. My take on the matter is yes, bring your culture, and mix it into US. But leave your nation behind. If your nation is so great, why did you leave and come here? We are a nation of immigrants, yes. But we are also a nation of immigrants who left their country because it was not the vision they hoped. They came to this one to continue the American Dream.   I love foreign languages, and have already starting working on being fluent in German, French, Spanish, and Chinese. If I go to those countries, you damn well know I'm adding myself to  their  culture, not forcing them to adopt to mine. Unfortunately, now we have people living here who 1.) do not care about the betterment of America, 2.) do not even bother to learn the language of the people living here, but instead force others to learn their native language (which too many feel-good PC pseudo hippies are willing to comply with), 3.) cause (at least where I'm from) legal and social problems.
0	strange I was sleeping once as a kid and had a dream where I was swimming at a pool with my family, and very cognizant of everything, then I sunk to the bottom of the pool and my family left, despite my yelling that I was still in the pool.  Slowly as I sat at the bottom of the pool details slipped away like you said and all I was aware of was the pool, then that I was sitting somewhere, then nothing.   I suppose at that point my brain decided it was either time to wake up or die, because my eyes shot open and I realized my entire face was buried in and biting down on my pillow.  Barely had the strength to rip the pillow away, but somehow managed, even though my head was pounding 1000x worse than the worst time I've ever held my breath for as long as I could.  Lay in my bed gasping for air for a minute or two before I could think and realize I almost just died sleeping.
0	I'm studying to be a teacher. Consult the doctors, definitely, but  also  go to the school. Usually if it's affecting the student's grades (early on) they will put together a team with people from special ed, the school psychologist, and the teacher, to speak to you and see what can be done outside of medicine. They can make an Individual Education Plan (IEP) adapting the curriculum to suit the child's needs as best they can. This is the first step and is highly important to do if you think your child has ADD/ADHD.   Sometimes people get their kids on ADD meds unnecessarily or too early, or due to things that are just parts of childhood. In that case, OP is absolutely right that it's better to wait. But speaking as someone who works as a paraprofessional in a classroom (and also has ADHD)-- there are cases where the meds are needed. It's not about grades, it's about the ability for that child to learn. There are cases where if they don't take that medicine they will have  extreme  difficulty keeping up in school. Sometimes this can be remedied with a lot of redirection and adapting from the teacher, but sometimes it's not something the child can just "learn to function without".   In cases like that, the child may fall behind in school because of their inability to focus. The issue here is not grades, as OP insinuated, but comprehension and basic skills. If a child's ADD is stopping them from keeping on grade level in can seriously affect their success later on, and by the time you put them on meds in high school and they can properly learn things, it's too late. In education we have something called the Matthew Effect: students who have low reading comprehension early on (common issue for ADD because they can't focus on the story) are less likely to do well academically in all subjects later, because they all require that skill and are built on the ability to read and retain information. If they get to high school and they're two years behind because it went untreated for so long, then medicating them at that point won't magically catch them up, and it won't repair the damage caused by years of not learning all the material.
0	British may refer to something of, from, or related to the United Kingdom (1801 to date), the Kingdom of Great Britain (1707 to 1800), or the island of Great Britain at any time, including: British people, subjects or natives of Great Britain, the later United Kingdom, their Crown Dependencies or Overseas Territories Britons (Celtic people), the ancient inhabitants of the island of Great Britain south of the Firth of Forth Common Brittonic, an ancient Celtic language once spoken in Great Britain Brittonic languages, a language branch of the Insular Celtic language family
1	I used to main Udyr so when I discovered a high-level streamer that was entertaining and who played him very well I was ecstatic. I learned a ton from watching Trick play and I can quite confidently say that I know his limits very well, and I would say that mechanically my phoenix-jungle Udyr is at the same level as Trick. My knowledge of the game, map awareness and top lane skills are much worse which is why I'm still in silver 1.  Point being : he's a great source of entertainment and has a lot to offer if you don't imitate his play-style but instead learn from his thought process on how to gank, when to push, all these things.  Fans/Followers : please be aware that he's only "MAXIMUM DISRESPECTING" because he developed his own playstyle that works for him, that he's incredibly comfortable with and has mastered. This is not your playstyle, you do not have 500+ games with a champ yet.
0	Look at a honey bee, a bumble bee, and your average wasp or hornet. The honey bee and bumble bee are "fuzzy" while the wasps and hornets are not. This makes the bees much better pollinators.
1	Well you get better by trying to understand why you lost and when you do change your game accordingly: also learn from your mistakes and try to look at what pros do and try to understand why they do the things they do also try working on your mechanical skills (helps alot to play champs with big outplay potential) so you can just win almost any lane match up. For the record bronze v doesnt really have very good mechanical players so you can 90% of the time win by just being mechanically better. And lastly try to look at builds pros do bronzes often build stupid items (dont know about you but i know afew of my friends do it often).
0	Most people will be crazy busy trying to get as good a grades as possible so as to get a better residency and because that's just how they are.  But a small subset will be content just to get by - after all - what do you call the person who graduated last in their medical school class?  "Doctor"   And either way - there is always a little free time.  I knew a few folks who worked - one as a bartender, another reviewing legal cases for a lawfirm, and another who worked for the medical examiner driving out to direct the bagging and what not of the body for ME cases.  So it's plausible that someone would have worked 10 hours a week or so during med school.   However - it is less likely  during residency  because after your 1st year you usually have the opportunity to moonlight which pays pretty well.
0	As a Belgian with 21% VAT and huge customs fees (levied on commercial parcels from €22 onwards and private parcels from €45 onwards), I feel your pain.
0	I'm applying a new thing: I will downvote every GGG that I find common courtesy. I'd reccommend a lot of you to do so too.
1	Not everyone is trying to be a pro. Secondly, this is a video game and almost anyone who is intelligent enough and puts in like 8 hours a day to LoL will without a doubt hit diamond+ and higher. Its just 99% of the playerbase has school, University, work, whatever and cannot commit to this.   When you look at teams like ALT, Ld, CW who within their first season were #1 in the LCS at some point, you can see how pros are not out of reach for new teams and likewise there are PLENTY of high elo soloq players who have beat and continue to beat pros. I would guess there are thousands of Diamond 1/challenger players who lack experience or the right team to actually go pro.   So
1	Shy, AZF vs the world
1	Regi doesn't give a single shit about us fans. I loved TSM with all my heart, I went out and supported them in every single one of their tournies, until I finally got to meet them up close at IPL4: Dyrus was a great guy; OddOne has always been the most respectful, I look up to him a lot; Xpecial really impressed me by going back and re-doing the Q&A. Regi was and is a complete asshole, he really doesn't care about the fans. I hope he's having fun with the money he made off of us supporting him, with the way he's become it won't last much longer.
0	First if this is a public gym, then the bar is already on the bench. Second, we don't know why OP was just lifting the bar by itself. There are any number of reasons why he would do such a thing and going off a saying that he is limiting himself just makes you seem just like the douchebag that insulted him in the first place. With some people it's an achievement just getting into a gym and implying or saying that what they are doing is lazy or stupid is beyond insulting. You are basically taking something that they had to work hard for and turned it into a pile of shit. Hell maybe OP was just doing that as a warm up; are you going to tell him that him warming up his muscles is what is holding him back?  I fucking hope not.
1	If you are purple side what i would do is, ask your team to play defensively and take the buff that if closest to the side you are starting. Blue side take blue, Purple side take red. Since you have a level advantage and a buff, winning lane wouldn't be too hard. If you need to stay in the lane for more than 5 minutes ask your bot lane to take the buff that is not taken. The reason staying top is so important is because generally top lane champs snowball very hard and uncontested they can solo carry a game.
1	I don't know about other people but I can certainly see negative effects coming out of this if his ult damage numbers were not changed at all:   Melee minions have 722 HP and 17 MR at 40 minutes. An AP GP should have at least 8000 gold at this point, and Deathcap + Morellonomicon + AP Quints and masteries will give his rank 3 ult 225 dps easily. If he also has CDR boots, 40% CDR combined with a 95s base cooldown is enough to bring it to 57 seconds. And his ult can be placed such that it hits two creep waves as they spawn.
1	I think there are many ppl (like me or the above commenter) who are stuck in a specific skill level and can't find out what to improve and how to do it. There may be less than the respective for the famous positions (mid for example) but still they will be enough. Just, if you are gonna make a video, use a good mic. Many times I (and I think many others) find it demotivating watching a video with sb with a sleepy/not clear/too low volumed voice.
0	Rush doesnt speak for whites or to whites, he speaks to CONSERVATIVES. rush speaks to a select sect of the populous, and guess what,  one of rush's regular fill-in hosts IS BLACK!  rush is the same as sharpton or j. jackson, but the difference is whites don't follow their words like they are scripture.  However, Al Sharpton makes himself the spokesperson for the entire black community with no protest from his "constituency."   what most of YOU people (liberals that is, haha tricked you there) dont get is that Rush is an entertainer. That's all he's ever been. He's a political satirist and humorist first, and a political "opinionator" last. You have to be a really right wing individual to even listen to him. Rush is analogous to Opera Winfrey. It's like if i were to tell you Opera is poisonous to the "black" community for speaking her political ideals and beliefs. She's just an entertainer with her own show, that she uses to advance HER agenda, no difference between that and what Rush does. Opera doesnt speak for blacks, she speaks to a group, mostly women. Rush speaks to a group, mostly conservatives.   Rush actually gives insight to political issues and exposes lies and hipocracy from the left. What he doesn't do is hijack the media to propagate known lies and agenda, unlike every single fucking black "leader" out there. As soon as they can latch onto a grieving family like the martins they go on a media tirade, spreading lies, hate, and furthering the gap between races. Rush never goes on MSNBC, CNN, NBC etc. Sharpton even has his own show and cant keep his disgusting face off the television.   >"If I have learned one thing from life, it is that race is the engine that drives the political Left. When all else fails, that segment of America goes to the default position of using race to achieve its objectives. In the courtrooms, on college campuses, and, most especially, in our politics, race is a central theme. Where it does not naturally rise to the surface, there are those who will manufacture and amplify it." -- Ward Connerly
0	It's political.   1.Law regulates minimum wage   2.if you raise minimum wage the cost of everything will go up. Pay the little guy more means you have to charge the customer more to make the same revenue. Same idea with taxing business.   I'm against raising the minimum wage because I work for a small coffee business that's helping pay school, insurance, and maintaining a  low maintenance long distance relationship.   On a good day we do $200 dollars in sales (like I said small) take out the 80 you have to pay the employees 30% of which doesn't even make it to them because of the government. now take out the cost of the lease space, the product we had to buy, and a ton of other stuff I wouldn't realize because I'm not the boss. If minimum wage was raised to even 8.50 we would have to be replaced by vending machines.   All raising minimum wage does is make it harder for small business to get started and it allows big business to get bigger with no local markets to compete with.   If you really want our economy to get better then look into the fair tax. The idea is we get rid of income tax and just do consumer tax. You want the rich to pay higher taxes? They will with fair tax.
0	An adult faced with this situation (which reasonable decision-making facilities would not allow in the first place by not dating jealous children), an adult would quietly tell the person on the other end that they are ending their relationship.  No real man or woman has to put up with such childish nonsense.
0	I agree that what you are saying is a part of the problem. For instance it is impossible for the original good guy Greg meme to be a female because of the way society treats the two sexes.   However I feel it is important to put this meme in context. We already have a Good Guy Greg who relates to things that are either male or neutral. The addition of Good Girl Gina naturally does not trump the existing meme so Good Girl Gina only relates to things that are female. The important point to understand is that Good Girl Gina only relates to things that are done by good people and females.   Given this Good Girl Gina is a representation of how people perceive the differences between males and females. I think it is an encouraging sign that people seem to believe the only difference between males and females is sex.
0	Actually, I have seen this posted before. However, pricks who call repost on everything they find don't seem to understand that  there are other people on the internet  that haven't seen the damn thing.
1	Quantic really is a good team.  However, I really do think the management need to take a good look at how they have affected the team.  The point of having a gaming house is that you don't have to go to pc cafes to have stable internet.  Yet for the most important matches they play, it is suddenly decided that playing at a pc cafe would be for the best.  It is quite mindboggling when you consider that quantic might have had a better chance at qualifying if they had stayed in Korea considering they would at least have stable internet, albeit slightly laggy.  Furthermore, there is a certain amount of comfort that comes with playing at the same place;  hardly anyone can adjust quickly enough to play at 100% at an entirely new venue.   If I had any power, I would take the quantic's LoL team immediately, seeing as their sponsorship may now get dropped.  Even if it is not, I couldn't see the players staying with the management that somehow thought that it was a great idea to play 3 matches in a row at a pc cafe with their location known to all who cared to discover it.
1	It's not against the rules if you are logging into your OWN smurf account. If you login into your friends account and  play that is called "ELO-Boosting" and It's against the rules.
0	I'm a second-year MD/PhD student at a medical school in the Northeast, and our school chooses to have student input on its admissions committee/admissions process, such that I see cases like OP's fairly often.   For me, the biggest flag was "Hundreds of shadowing hours in US and abroad," which, to the admissions committee members sounds... less than useful. Shadowing is meant to be a way for students to gain exposure to the field of medicine as a whole, and while hundreds of hours shadowing certainly demonstrates one's strong interest in medicine, it does very little other than that, unless there was some form of service component involved with the shadowing experience. As such, when we bring students in for their interviews, our biggest questions regarding extra-curricular activities are "So, what was the point?" What we're trying to gauge here is whether a student performed an activity because they believed that it "would look good," as compared to if a student got involved with something due to their own passion and interest in a subfield or specialty, etc. Comparatively, admissions committees much rather prefer to see activities such as research and volunteering, as those are "active," in the sense that there is some form of end-term accomplishment being achieved through those activities. Shadowing, while it is needed to a certain degree, does very little for your application in a comparative sense.   OP also stated that his/her MCAT score was in the 80~85th percentile, which translated roughly to a combined score of 30~32. While this is certainly not a bad score - one might even say it's a good score - it certainly isn't the best score that we see for Allopathic medical school applications. It's important to take score statistics with a grain of salt, however, because some medical schools will have "artificially" higher MCAT scores in its incoming applicant pool (i.e. Harvard Medical School) while others will have "artificially" lower MCAT scores due to the sheer size of its applicant pool (i.e. Temple University, which got ~10,000 applications last year). It's important to consider if one's applicant profile is comparable to NOT the applicant pool, but rather, the incoming class. One advice we give people is to apply to schools for whom your profile is slightly above the statistics provided for the past year's entering class, especially as the strength of the applicant pools trend in a positively sloping fashion as the years go by, for whatever reason.   Fortunately, OP does have his/her GPA going for him/her, as most admissions committees will want to at least review an applicant in more detail after finding out that the GPA is 4.0 for graduate work and 3.82 for undergraduate work, as this suggests a strong work ethic, intellectual capacity to apply oneself in medical school, and clear improvement between undergraduate and graduate coursework.   To end (this has already become longer than I intended), I would like to give OP a few pieces of advice:     The average number of applications per applicant nowadays is somewhere between 20 and 25. While I understand that applying for many schools is a costly and difficult endeavor, it's far better in my opinion to apply in one good cycle and get in, rather than apply to ~6 schools three times over, which has resulted in a similar amount of cost expenditure with none of the returns, per se.    Seek out letters of recommendation from people who can speak about your abilities and character is a personal and cogent fashion. While getting that letter from a hotshot surgeon that you shadowed at a major academic institution sounds like a great idea, more often than not, such letters are shallow and say something to the effect of "the applicant is a good person." Since you did research in graduate school, I would recommend getting one letter from your lab PI, and perhaps a personal letter from a mentor that you might have (i.e. did you have a job lasting for any length of time? Your boss, if your performance was good, can often write a spectacular letter.) That being said, the most important letter is often the pre-medical committee letter, or if that is not available, the letters of recommendation from your undergraduate science professors. You need to be judicious in selecting people who have known you well, or if you can't do that for any reason, you need to at least select people whose letters will not hurt you in any way.    Being an Eagle Scout matters jack-all for medical school applicants. It may actually hurt your application, as some might interpret it as not having enough qualifications to put down on your application. Besides, how old are you now? When did you get the Eagle Scout? Any qualification not within the past 5~7 years are really very obsolete.    What sets YOU apart from other applicants? This is something you need to be acutely aware of. Many pre-meds fall into the trap of trying to fit a pre-established paradigmatic stereotype in their applications, which makes them look... well... boring. "But I shadowed for 2000+ hours!" So what? Let's be slightly brutal here. In the grand scheme of things, what have all your efforts actually achieved? What is the positive end goal that you have reached through your efforts? "But I was the president of the pre-medical club at my school!" Yes - and what did you accomplish? Or did you get the position and just follow the rubric set with no active input? "But I did research for x number of years!" Again, many, many people do research. Why should I care about your research? Why is it interesting? MOST IMPORTANTLY, how have your activities affected your perception of medicine, and your understanding of medicine not only as a profession, but as a veritable "way of life?"      Hope this helps OP. It's not an easy process, but from your determination and what little background I could scrape from the logs of the internet, I get a feeling that third time really will be the charm.   Best of luck to you!
0	A couple things:     I totally get it. Even though I DESPISE Beyonces "music" with every fibre of my being, I respect her. She is undoubtably a very talented singer and dancer (but you HAVE to be if you're going to turn the worlds shittiest songs into #1 hits... It's actually mind blowing) and a relatively good role model.     I, too, have been caught off guard at how much I enjoyed a performance. To give this context, my dad was in the upper level management for ticketmaster when I was growing up, so I've been to A LOT of concerts. The most surprisingly good, and among the most memorable performers I've seen was Nickelback. I SHIT YOU NOT... they are actually amazing to see live. The pyro technics were great, and these guys were there to fucking party...     Unrelated to your comment, but relevant to this post... I'd take a Beyoncé worshiper over a Marilyn Monroe worshiper every time.
0	There is no such thing as an 'outdoor cat', there are only feral cats that people feed and get attached to.  If you are not responsible for its whereabouts it is not your pet.  Having an 'outdoor cat' puts the cat in danger of getting hit by a car, eaten by a wild animal, poisoned, etc.  But much worse in my opinion is the effect feral and 'outdoor' cats have on the ecosystem.  They are extremely efficient predators on native wildlife and have been implicated in reducing diversity of birds and small mammals, and as threats to endangered species, in countries including UK, Australia and the US.  Ecologists essentially consider them invasive species.  Here's some research and press about the issue.  While 'un-owned' cats (feral cats) cause most of the mortality in the US, 'owned' cats (i.e. outdoor cats) still cause 40% of the killing.  Given the magnitude, and the fact that the majority of kills are native species, keep your damn cats indoors.
1	You're not entirely wrong, but you're exaggerating the problem.  I would say that most Koreans do not "truly hate western people."  Mostly, I have been greeted by Koreans with incredible enthusiasm, and have actually been shown more kindness than I ever did in the American south.  Sure, sometimes you'll run into some racism, but it is a small country with a lot of insecurities, which sometimes manifests itself in some shitty news article about how bad us foreigners are, but in general life rules here.
0	After one night of heavy drinking at a local bar, I took home with me one ,smoking hot, woman. As things got heated, she began taking my clothes off. I immediately followed by taking her clothes off. Right about the time for penetration to happen, she reaches in her genitalia and pulls out a tampon filled with blood. I was shocked! But I was so hot and heavy, I took a deep breath and preceded to have full on coitus with her. After, I was so disgusted , I couldn't ever look at her, or a tampon the same way ever again.
1	How incredibly insightful.  You mean to say that Riot might be operating for profit?  I suppose you would be one of the people who complain when the servers act up because you've paid a "few bucks".   Maintaining and improving a game that's played on such a huge scale as LoL while offering it as free to play means that if they want to stay profitable and keep improving they will need to charge a bit more for high quality cosmetic bits like this.  More money for Riot means a better game for everyone so complaining about buying something purely cosmetic seems like you're moaning about nice things costing money.   You keep bandying this $25 figure around when for the first 4 days it's cheaper than that.  Personally it's going to cost me €10 with the 200RP i have sitting on my account.  If you really care about a champ and you know that the skin is coming out I reckon you'd pick it up then anyway.   The doomsday "they're going to start charging an arm and a leg for everything" stuff is just sensationalist.  It's always going to be free to play, if you don't want to pay anything you don't have to.
0	No. What you do is go outside and interact with other humans.   I bet you think you're introverted and you blame that. It's probably not true.
1	Build resistances, not health.   If you farm efficiently, you should be going for  full tank.  Getting a RoA and all of those other items sure will get you 100AP and will make you hit a little bit higher, but you're a tank first and foremost. From my own experience, I find building resistances over AP is much better. You don't need health because your Feast gives you them (try to not lose them!). I usually go for a FoN first and then go for an Armor item. From there, I either get a Wit's End (good MR shred and auto attacking does more damage than you think) or just some more resistances. By now, you should be basically unkillable and now I start going for some damage.   I don't buy AP because I believe that Q and W is used for CC and the damage you get from it is less than just buffing your auto attacks. Plus, since you're Cho'Gath, you'll be able to go up in the face of their carries and auto attack them down.
1	Here's my take on things, its extremely hard to perfectly balance things so that everything is viable at once so when they see something being played every game they nerf it a bit.   Why? Champions have counters and synergies whether its in lane, team fights, or something else. When one champion gets nerfed it makes way for new champions and new counters and new synergies. Sometimes Riot does go overboard with nerfs or buffs but sometimes good picks get unnoticed for a while and then one day some pro picks him up and he becomes insta ban.   I do agree with AD added item variety though, but defensive and AP does have alot of options.
0	If he paid his own tuition then that money rightfully belongs to him. For the sake of brevity it's easier to say "steals my $3000 savings" than "steals the $3,000 tax credit to which I was legally entitled", as the latter necessitates explaining that he did indeed pay for his own tuition.
1	To be honest, I have a lot of problems against Tryndamere, hence I always ban him in SoloQ. The reason is you have to send 3 people EVERY TIME to top lane if he gets one kill, even if he gets 1/12, you have to send 3 people because he will just farm like a retard and never leave lane while his team is clever enough not to engage. You would then have to send at least 2 people to him making it a 4v3 in the enemies' advantage.
1	the Netherlands has lots of drugs. Lots and lots.
1	When Scuttle Crab came out, I was playing league with a group of friends and I accidentally called him Skittles, and considering how cute and often it was said, we now call him Skittles, but we also have named the other one near Baron to Taunty, because RIP Taunty, you will be missed.
1	The basic idea is that using the word "rape" for things that aren't rape trivializes the actual crime, and suppresses cultural outrage at the idea of sexual violence. It's a little deeper than that; if you really want to know, you could look up the concept of a rape culture. Personally, I don't buy this particular application of the idea, 'cause I believe people are capable of recognizing that nobody is talking about literal rape in a video game.
0	This topic got brought up at a family reunion with my catholic uncle and aunt. I said "if a patient is suffering, they are coherent, and their family is okay with it,  it should be theirs and the family's choice." My aunt and uncle immediately went to the religious side and said Jesus suffered for us and so we should suffer as well. There was no discussing it with then past that, they wouldn't budge. I don't think medicine and science can progress in the future with that kind of thinking still prevalent.
0	Yeah I know and those are the rules I follow so that I don't unfairly downvote any user, however in the back of my brain I correlate that asshole remark I just saw with an upvote I just gave and it makes me twitch, just a little.   I guess to better explain my point, I can explain my thought process of a non "fuck this" post.  Normally (and I mean normally as it applies to me, because in the subreddits I read most posts aren't "fuck this" posts) over my time on reddit I have learned to correlate seeing a post or picture I agree with or find humorous with the urge to upvote and give the submitter the karma they deserve; and on the other hand, when I see a stupid, unfunny or offensive post my brain has naturally learned to correlate it with the urge to downvote the post.   NOW , consider a "fuck this" post where regardless that the title says the submitter doesnt agree, I see that same stupid, unfunny, or offensive content that my brain has learned to correlate with the urge to downvote.. Now do you see how I feel slightly conflicted by having to upvote it due to it being a "fuck this" post?
0	He was probably thinking, "Sure I'll fake some sign language next to Obama for thousands of dollars an hour."
0	Not too common. My husbands best friend is a woman. She was " best woman" at our wedding and a few times they have gone out and he just crashed at her place rather than drive home drunk. Why don't i have an issue with it? Because i trust him. And her. He's nowhere near her type and she's not his. I didn't trust her.before i really knew her though.
0	That whole notion that Liberal is better than managing the country/ economy than Labour is a misnomer, and if you look back through history, it really doesn't pan out.   Overall, Government takes too much credit for successes and too little blame for failures. Take Howard- he banged on about being able to keep interest rates low, but they spiked on him.   Its a lot like real estate salesmen: when the market is up and they sell a lot, they brag about how great they are, how they achieved high prices, how quick they sold, all because of them.  When they aren't selling, when prices are low, they just blame the market. There's no mention of their skills and value then, is there?   The other thing is, all parties are essentially singing to the same tune. The research done & recommendations put forward into policy & economic reform is independent, and you can bet that within a decade or two, every one will have been adopted, regardless of who was in power.  They'll sell it as if its their idea/ initiative, and the opposition will fight it, but they all know what is going to happen. The mining tax would have gone in if Liberals had been in power, perhaps in a slightly different guise. The GST was introduced under Howard, remember? Labour deregulated the banks (something rather right-wingish to do), etc. etc. etc.   For all the opposition, there is little, if any, fundamental difference.
0	If they improve you without harming others, they're promoted from mistakes to accidents since from a Utilitarian perspective, they become the right decision even if unintentional. If they improve you and impoverish everyone else, then it's an overall bad decision because if you're overall effect on a group is negative, the group will likely act to prevent further losses which may include penalizing you (an obvious loss) or isolating you at which point you lose the prospect of future gain (kinda like self-improvement checkmate, which is bad). So, they are still mistakes and you will probably wish either that you had chosen differently or that the consequences had evaded you, either thought leading in average humans to the visceral pang in your chest which most of us know as regret.
1	Hey, I'm currently a mid/top main in Gold III EUW.   I had a great season start, ended up in Gold V after placements and quickly got to gold 2 (skipped gold 3).   Recently I've been really frustrated with the game, I have no motivation and playing alone is really annoying to me... I started duoing with a couple of friends again, but I feel like im in Silver all over again.   People just start to complain about the most basic stuff, even when its easy to just fix problem X and move along. Actually I find people in Gold III/II complain a lot more than in silver about stupid stuff like a "bad" ward or missed creeps or something...   Then comes my mid lane problem. I main Gragas, I play him every single game I get the chance. If I don't have him I usually go to other champs that can farm really well (for example Ziggs, which i also adore :D). Problem is I just feel like both of these guys just aren't that suited (at least with my playstyle) to carry in solo Q. Usually if I play in a team with friends (which is obviously "easier" in a way) I have no problem, I trust them, I can make the game how I want it: farm up like crazy, possibly destroy my lane, get turret or start roaming (or both). In solo Q I just feel like I can't do this, I'm kinda scared to just roam somewhere most of the time and lose gold and XP from it... It feels even worse when the lanes start losing from early on...   So
0	The morning wasn't without a little excitement. He caught one guy who was speeding. When the officer talked to him the first words out of his mouth were, "I don't have any drugs."   He called for back up and found a baggie of crystal meth in the center console as well as a gym bag full of wallets and a bolt cutter. Turns out he had been going to the local 24 Hour Fitness and cleaning out all the lockers.   The most surreal part for me was riding back to the station for booking. The officer was talking to me like it was an episode of COPS. "Criminals like these aren't that hard to catch. Why? They're stupid. Smart people don't do meth. Right, pal?" As he finished his sentence he tapped on the metal grate that separated us from the rear seat.   If any of you have a chance to do a ride-along I strongly recommend it. It humanized police officers for me and gave me a newfound respect for what they do.
0	You must not be American.   "At will employment"  means they can fire you for literally anything that is legal.  It doesn't matter what the real reason is,  they can just say "we're firing you because we don't need you"  or worse,  cut your hours down to one day a week.  That is how most places I worked got rid of people.  They would schedule people for 2,  3 hour shits a week.  Just enough to piss the person off, until they quit, this is to avoid paying any unemployment.
1	Im not going to downvote your post, but if I were it would be because I think it might make her too complex, maybe even a bit too strong, make her strong in a counter-logical way, and because I'm loving Elise's damage even now.   At the moment, if you can EWQ (human form) as Elise, you instantly turn to spider form, W for heal and Q as an execute if you can get it. With this empowered idea, Q (which would most likely only gain extra damage) would be a priority. W (if Rito took this idea on board) would be either some sort of oh-hit effect, or increased heal. The E idea could become dealing damage to the enemy she lands on, which could be interesting, but it's doubtful. So, we're left with extra Q damage or something on W. If it were on-hit damage, it would have to be substantial enough to outweigh an improved Q execute. If that's true then it might even overpower the Q damage, which just screws with her kit since the Q is meant to be that ability you rely on for damage.   In terms of complexity, while there are more complex champs mechanically, this would feel honestly like a rip-off of Rengo's ability to empower his abilities. Would it refresh the basic ability's CD when the empowered ability hits? Would it just go on CD? If it goes on CD it might feel counterintuitive and if not it's OP (execute execute?).   And finally I honestly think that Elise does good damage as it is. Her Q is great in both forms, her spider W is great for dueling, her human abilities have minimal cast times meaning you can throw it all out, R, then go ham in spider form, and, if you work her spider minions right, you cannot lose trades/fights against non-penetrative skillshots.
1	Indeed. People tend to be much nicer if I just say I screwed up when I did. I know I'm way more inclined to give a "np" when someone screws up and says so. It shows that you realize your mistake and will try to avoid it in the future. What tends to get me mad is when someone dies and immediately blames a teammate for his death. 80% of the time it was his own damn fault. People who dont talk at all are somewhere in the middle ground for me. I think it gives the impression that the guy just doesn't care about the game, and doesn't give me any confidence that he won't go and do the exact thing that got him killed last time.
0	First, Bradley Manning did NOT expose war crimes. Second, what Woodward and Bernstein did was legal, and didn't have the potential to put anybody in harms way.
0	Story time:   One year for Christmas, when I was about 16,  my mother set out out a basket shaped much like you would imagine a treasure chest to look like. It sat out under the tree for at least three weeks before Christmas Eve, when we open our presents. This mystery package had no name on it. My brothers and I all hoped it was for ourselves but we had no way of knowing. It finally came time to open present but she still wouldn't tell us who it was for until after all of the other presents. Finally, the time came, all the presents had been opened excepted for the mysterious locked treasure chest. My mom announces it was for me and hand me the key! I could see the jealousy in both my brothers eyes and this point I was just happy that the mystery gift was mine. I fumbled around unlocking the paddle lock to find 100 pairs of fresh white shin high socks, straight out of the package.  It was by far the best gift I have ever received. I didn't wear a used sock for 100 days and I felt like a king.
1	My favorites include Morgana, Galio, CHO MF GATH, Nunu, Zilean, Swain, Ryze, Gragas and Amumu.   However, for must try must succeed champs, I think that CHO MF GATH is a blast to play. He is in one of those debatable positions of "oh is he tank, off tank, pure AP, oimnsoldifm." I play him somewhat AP Tank...and explain my rationale and some ideas in the event that you have or haven't tried the monster.   He is definitely one that can fulfill any role you really need. If you need a pure take-no-damage tank 0 21 9 works, I run 9 0 21 with HP quints, MPen reds, Armor yellows and scaling MR blues. I like to take a mana crystal and pots first...but he can pretty much succeed with anything. Scaling q e e w e r...scaling your spikes gives you some of the best early AOE auto attack damage: this lets you last hit and regen HP and mana from your passive so you can stay in lane forever.   My item build, again varies per game, but RoA and 3 speed boots tend to be pretty much my core. Bveil, frozen heart, deathcap, Guardians, FoN all work pretty well on him also, but build according to team comp. RoA gives him extra bite (huehue) and not being one of those silly no damage-never-kill tanks.   Land your rupture. This will bring everything together and if you can yell "UP YOU GO!" at chumps, there is a high possibility of that hero just blowing up after. Feast often and early if you don't think you can get a kill so you have full stacks and can just beast wherever you want to.
0	This will likely get buried, but...   When I was 11, my father decided to remodel our house because my step-mom was expecting my youngest sister. While the house was being remodeled my family stayed with my step-grandma and my dog Rocky (who I'd had since I was 5) was tied to a dog house in the back yard. After the remodel was complete they decided he was too large and hyper to be allowed to come back inside "with the new baby." So my very loved, very inside dog was brandished outside forever.   Fast forward about six months and my dog is mysteriously missing when I got home from school one afternoon. My dad said he had probably run away and would probably come back. So i waited for him. I waited weeks... He never did.   Fast forward until last year, I was 24 and my drunk father admitted that he had shot my dog in the head because "the son-of-a-bitch snapped at" him and he "wasn't feeding a dog who would bite the hand that feeds him." He went on to say the first shot didn't kill him so he shot him again. I literally cannot fathom a parent doing this; mine did.   Rocky was my best friend and I thought he abandoned me. :(
1	It's just a group of friends that decided to make a team for themselves. I watched their video just to see what it was about, and really, I didn't think that it was glorifying that they were girls. The first two thirds of it were about themselves. They talked about their hobbies and what champions they enjoyed to play. The only reason why they included that, "Just because we're girls doesn't mean we suck", is because the idea that girls are worse than guys at video games is so extremely prevalent in this culture. Them saying, "We don't suck" isn't grounds for you to be an asshole. They're just a random group of friends that thought making a promo video would be a fun thing to do. When that video got onto this reddit, one of their members must have seen it and thought it'd also be fun to do an AMA.
1	Here is the big secret to carrying in low elo:   It's impossible.   What this means is, unless you are genuinely a gold tier player or better who definitely does not belong in low elo, there is no possible way you can "carry" a game yourself. You cannot take enough towers, kill enough enemies to win any game on your own.   So stop trying to be the one man army as this attitude will probably prevent you from improving. This is a team game, so play it as such.   Communicate well, don't flame them if they get you killed in a gank, improve team morale as much as possible whilst still doing your basic job.   Seriously in soloqueue, if you focus on not dying and being nice to your teammates, you will naturally climb to the skill level you belong at, since your teammates are less likely to troll/rage and be a negative influence on your score.
1	Im a main support player, climbed from 900 elo to 1620 when elo was around and am now in gold divison 5 after they switched it. Here is what I got to tell you:   SUPPORTS CARRY GAMES. Now a lot of people may not agree with that but listen up. A support is there for a reason. What is that reason you may ask? TO SUPPORT SOMEONE. Who is that someone? THE CARRY WHO WILL CARRY THE TEAM. Now that carry without the support there helping him will go no where and will fail very quickly. Therefore as a support you are getting your carry fed and giving him the ability to carry and so in the end we can conclude that you are carrying. Now how do you carry yourself out of low elo? You ultimately just think about it like this:   YOUR JOB: Early game is all about keeping you and your carry alive at bottom lane and getting your carry kills or free cs. That means zoning enemy, playing offensive when needed and defensive when needed, warding your bottom lane, pinging, healing, buying aura items, ETC ETC.  Later in the game your job is to support the whole team but your carry is still #1 priority.   So just do that and TRUST that your teammates will do their job. Some games you cannot control, your teammates are just simply bad or trolls but in other games YOU WILL WIN BY FEEDING YOUR CARRY.
1	Everyone can solo nashor with IE 2 BT and a PhantomDancer :P   What my build really does is:   Wriggler -> Early game (Helps you clear faster + Sustain)   Brutalizer -> Early to mid where nobody stacks armor (More Dmg)   Warmogs -> midgame (Health, you will do enough dmg with your Q and some autohits with brutalizer) Can be swaped with Frozen Mallet but I rarely get it, or I get it or just vs mages  (slows dont stack, vs mages = makes it easier to catch them offguard and slow them so your team can come to help)   Atmas -> mid to lategame (Gives you more dmg and some def) Shen into trinity -> lategame (Endgame scenario, everyone has HP and def items, you need sheen for that extra dmg on your Q)   Sure you can switch out to an IE (Expensive) or an early phage (I'd recommend it if the enemy has a lead)   Here are some builds:   VS heavy ad:   Wrigglers (Can be replaced with a BT mid/lategame) Mobility shoes  brutalizer Warmog atmas Trinity force or IE (Both does well vs ad carries)   vs heavy AP   Wrigglers mobility shoes warmog atmas or Frozen Mallet Brutalizer Banshee Trinity or IE LW/GA/
1	very much has changed, new champs, new map, new items.  overall its to much to write all down, watch some patchnotes
1	The problem is there is no way to report someone for being just retarded that will end up with something actually happening. I mean you can report someone for being unskilled, but what happens there? NOTHING.   To further elaborate let me use an example from one of my games earlier today. 0-9-8 Support Heimerdinger. This guy was like 4th pick on the team and said he would play support. All of us are happy with that then he picks Heimer. There was strike one. He gets in game and maxed turrets FIRST. Strike two. Then he proceeds to feed the enemy Twitch kill after kill by over extending. Strike three. All the while he never spoke in chat never a word. Would occasionally ward but in a 30 minute game no more than 5 total. Had one support item, a locket of the iron solar, so he wasnt really supporting the team at all. And in general he was a massive weight on the team.   Using this example, I reported the guy for feeding because that was by far the worst thing he was doing. He had No map awareness, and was in general a horrible player. However, he never spoke in game and would not cooperate with the team. I could have reported him for that, as well as being unskilled, IF there were an option to actually have something happen to the guy for being unskilled.   What I mean is that, when you report someone for being unskilled, that something actually happens to them to let them know they are unskilled. A simple email report card after , say 10 reports for being unskilled, that states "You have been reported X times for being an unskilled player. These are the champions you were playing when reported. You might want to practice a bit more if you want to be of better help to your team." I know that isnt the nicest of ways to put it but you get the idea. Furthermore, for those people who are reported for being unskilled a LARGE number of times, they need to be placed in their own special queue or removed from rank for a few days, and they must play a certain number of normal games, in order to return. This would promote people actually learning and getting better, and keep the brain dead people out of ranked.   Just an idea though. I could write up a more formal, and nicer description of things if people find this idea to be worth exploring.
0	My new tactic when I switch departments or work with new guys is to immediately let them know that I don't need no damn dick riders, bitch, get up off my shit.   And his point is that it's wrong to assume that every guy you ever meet at work is out to get your vagina, and that you're special just because your junk goes in where others go out.  It's all perspective.
0	I am not an extremely qualified philosopher by any means, but have taken a few courses on ethics. In my opinion, the morality of this issue is dependent on the values and principles of the individual making the choice. More often than not, people do not share the same beliefs as others. With this variation in perspectives, morality is quite subjective in nature. First off, what determines the morality of a decision must be established: is morality dictated by predetermined objective rules? Does it lie in consequences of your actions? Or is morality dependent on the virtues of the moral agent? These are the three major approaches to normative ethics and are known as deontology, consequentialism, and virtue ethics, respectively.   So, morality is relative to how you define a moral action. For example, utilitarianism (a hedonistic ethical theory) argues that it is your duty to abort a mentally challenged, since their birth would have an overall net effect of unhappiness, when all parties involved are considered. Similarly, state consequentialism posits that the fetus should be aborted, as it would likely be more of a hindrance than a contributor to society. Conversely, a deontological approach would often dictate that   to end the life of human being is intrinsically bad, regardless of any potential negative effects the birth of that human may cause. Of course, then the concept of a human being must be defined, which may or may not include unborn fetuses.   Personally, I find interpretation of normative ethics to be very limited, insofar as that they are not always applicable to every situation, as reality often presents contradictions and grey areas. When I attempt to make ethical decisions, I identify the options, then identify relevant ethical factors, weigh the ethical factors against each other, and finally decide and act. When feasible, monitor the decision and make adjustments as needed.
0	Hey man, I'm 19 too.   I'm not a /r/nofap devotee, but I tried it once for a month to see how it'd affect me since I had mild ED too. This meant no masturbation, and in my case, porn.   Shit.   Whenever my girlfriend touched me on the shoulder or even looked at me funny I got mecha-hard. I hadn't done that in years.
1	Can't agree enough. LoL is becoming one of the most anti-noob games. I wouldn't be able to start playing this game now.   Its pathetic, people are smurfing so that they can own new players, and then they rage at the new players for being new..   Also, nothing pisses me off more than the report function. At the end of every game (Sometimes not even the end), people always have to say "Everyone report X." It's very annoying, and the people saying it are hypocrites. You want to report someone for calling you a retard when you called someone else a retard 10 games ago? Seriously?   Regardless of all that though, I dont think there should even be a report function. It's an online video game, you should be able to say whatever you want to someone. If they're raging at you, then mute them. It's really that simple. Starcraft and Diablo 2 didn't have report functions (Well they kind of did, but it was a lot of work, and probably wouldn't get the person banned so no one used it) and everyone was far better mannered in those games.   Btw, I've never been banned, but I see people on forums complaining about being unfairly banned, and when I look at their tribunal case I agree with them; they really didn't deserve to be banned.
1	Same story.  I jumped in the moment I hit 30 without reading into meta, pro scene, or even basic game construction.  I was bad.  Like, I would start Vladimir with a Ruby Crystal and no pots mid lane and was surprised people bought Doran's items cause I thought they were trash.   And I'll bet I was toxic too.  Not because I hated people, but because I genuinely didn't understand why someone would do the things they did and would call them out on what I thought were terrible plays.  I didn't know how to effectively assist the team or what my role was on it.  I couldn't follow up on what they wanted done, and I didn't even have a solid sense of what needed to be done in the first place.  And considering I only ever played Vlad and would autolock him every game (cause that's what you do in blind normals and I didn't know better), I'm guessing I pissed some people off before the game even started.   ~100 games later I'd fallen down to like 900 elo.  It didn't help that I realized my terrible habits and tried to reform at the start of S3, I still had to deal with the Bronze IV (ish) community I'd surrounded myself with.  It's no wonder I believed in elo hell back then.
0	The mods of r/adviceanimals are hitler.   Ok, guys, pack it up, this discussion is over.
1	I am a swimmer that has been to a few big meets and if you go to one of those it's because you have a $400 suit. I'm not saying that it's impossible to make cuts without one but there is a better chance of that and there is also more of a chance that you could place higher in the meet.
1	You have absolutely no idea what I said. I was putting her true damage into the context of physical damage vs 100armor and  then  showing the damage output of it over 2.5seconds and comparing that one damaging ability to that of typical ad casters.   I did this to refute the comment that "Vayne doesn't do a lot of damage with W, it's mostly from the rest of her kit" by someone that is trying to downplay the thought that %truedamage every 3 attacks is ridiculously strong. The quoted text I have here is just flat out wrong. While the rest of her kit does good damage too(Q+R), the statement is silly.
0	Excuse me, but, since when is >I, myself, enjoyed the sensation I felt after smoking a bit of this stuff myself. So, too, did my roommates. Generally, we threw in on a bag here and there.   considered well written? Look, I don't even have to try to FTFY: I enjoyed smoking a bit of the stuff myself, as did my roommates. We generally threw in together for bags.   ProTip: If it sounds more complicated than it needs to, it's not good writing.
1	To ward for Nocturne ganks you probably want to try and ward farther out. Not to far that the ward is useless but far enough that you have time to back out before he ults. I like to gank down lane which is very hard to ward for but in general if you can get a decent idea of where the jungler is by having your mid always ward and possible ward towards their buffs then you can hopefully if not avoid at least be ready for the gank.
1	the big problem i see with bringing back a 100 AD item (in this case if it were BT or reaver, also with lifesteal) is that for almost any ADC it will be a preferred purchase over the other AD items simply because of the overall trading power it provides. when BT was popular it was because even for auto based ADCs like cait and draven it just offered so much up front trading damage and sustain there was no item that could beat it. rushing IE would lose you trades because you would be behind in AD due to a longer build path and BorK was only really valuable on hypercarries that had other means of damage such as true damage/percent hp (i.e. vayne/twitch/kog, though it wasn't inherently bad on lucian, ez, etc.). given the nerfs to the BorK active, despite it still being a dominant pickup in terms of lifesteal itemization, a 100 AD item with lifesteal would outclass it for the entire laning phase like BT always did. while I agree that caster based ADCs are no longer as strong as they used to be, bringing back an item that favors them so heavily will only bring back the dominance they once had and potentially shove out some of the hypercarries that have weak laning phase, and also bring back favoring ADCs who work better with a flat AD item over BorK early on as it will outclass BorK so heavily.
0	Finally have something I can relate to   I lived with a group of guys in college from my fraternity. My fraternity, unlike myself was made up of meat heads and criminal justice majors. These are the guys who do 2 a days in the gym. Anyway, our dorm had a pretty deep sink and they would drink their protein shakes from these large bottles. When they were done they would leave them all there with left over milk and protein left in it. Eventually they would run out of plates and cups and just use one of each that they would clean and bring into their room. I used my own plates that I would clean and keep on my room or use throw away stuff. I would also clean their plates for them because the smell of spoiled milk and protein alongside of mold is vomit worthy.   Fast forward 2 months.   Plates and cups still haven't been cleaned out. I have given up on cleaning it for them, cuz fuck em' . At this point our room smells like we hide dead bodies and the sink has become over run with mold and what I'm assuming turned into cheese curds.( at this point I was mainly living with my SO so I didn't have to deal with it.)   One day I had room inspection and the RA came in to check the room and we immediately failed and got fined(becAuse my school is greedy)   Turns out we had some kind of really bad mold and it required our room to be closed off and decontaminated for which we had to pay for.   Needless to say I moved out and got my own apartment.
1	For fun, I went through the math on the gold from Targon's versus the gold from jungling:   2 stack every 30 seconds in a duo lane = 2x value of two minions per wave + 20g.   In a basic wave, you have 3 melee minions and 3 range minions, which total 3 20 + 3 15 = 105g. On a siege wave, you have those minions plus a 45g siege minion = 150g. Double Targon's increases the value of a regular wave by 55g, and a siege wave by 75g. That sounds pretty damn good, but remember that you're giving up your jungler. Say the jungler can be expected to clear one camp and attempt one gank a minute. One camp is worth 40g at a minimum (wraiths). In the time the Targon’s lanes got a bonus 55 + 55 = 110 if that minute had two normal waves or 55 + 75 = 130 gold on a minute with a siege wave, the jungler got 40 gold from farming and attempted one gank. His gank needs to swing the cs in a lane in his team’s favor by 4 on average (=(110/2) / (average minion value)) in order to keep up with Targon’s.  Doing any significant amount of damage, forcing a back, or even just showing up and blowing a summoner and making the enemy play a little more fearfully can get him that swing.   The above doesn't take into account experience, which even though it got nerfed, is still a pretty significant part of the equation.
1	The only thing I really miss is the Season 1 / 2 jungle ( not sure when the real shift happened ).   Jungle used to be fucking HARD, the camps would shred you health and only a limited pool of champs could actually do it properly. Pulls were non-existent and you had to plan out paths to ensure you made it through alive and optimally. Only a few champs could actually start with the buffcamps. Usually you'd do small camps to level 4, recall, do big camps and then gank.   Nowadays jungling can be done by just about any champion, especially with these new spirit stone changes. Every jungler just starts with big camps and the small camps are like little snacks along the way. There's constant ganks, I liked the fact that there were little amounts of ganks, that way you could play aggressively in lane and dominate people without them constantly calling in their buddy. Top used to be a place of solitude, where tanks like jarvan and malphite brawled it out for ages, slowly whittling down each others health ending with a violent burst and a double "wp" in chat and your heart pounding. Now any form of lead in top is seen as a bullseye to just constantly get ganked and the only kills that occur in lanes nowadays are through outnumbering your opponent.
1	My friend and I were noobz to mobas when we did our grind to 30. We qued with our lvl 30 friends and got stomped. For me this was a learning experience. I got to see how to play champs well, what role they do, and how items matter. I had a fun time and always like to reminace about old meats and items that were used in the lower levels.
0	No doubt this is going to get buried but here we go anyways. First off I am indifferent towards Windows/Linux/OSX. I personally prefer Windows only because I am a PC gamer, but I work with all three at work on a regular basis.   Personally it seems like it boils down to computer literacy, if you don't know a thing about malware or anything malicious and you own a Windows laptop, you better be damn ready to have it crash within months of getting it. Using myself as an example I'm aware of what programs work best and what I should do to prevent contracting all of that junk. I built this computer last February and finally ran scans last month, all it found was two tracking cookies. I haven't needed any of the programs in over a year just because I know what to avoid and all of the new tricks these people are trying to use now. Your average person isn't going to know all that and they are going to spend more time fixing it up than they are actually using it, just because they downloaded 15 different media players and programs that "Speed up the computer."   Build quality is really hit or miss as well, but typically normal use doesn't wear them out to the point they are unstable within the same amount of time. I'll agree Apple's build quality is absolutely great, but in the wrong (and frankly stupid) hands that brand new Macbook will be worse off than a Lenovo running XP that was built almost a decade ago. I had a Macbook Pro come into work last week that was relatively new, it had the brushed aluminum casing and the warranty was still good until next year. The thing was absolutely thrashed. Dents everywhere, it looked like they decided to try and take pliers or a screwdriver to the disc drive to try and get a stuck disc out and the hard drive was failing. The only good looking part on this thing was the screen, and even then it had quite a few light scratches. Sitting next to it was a five year old Acer that looked like it was still in pristine condition and everything ran perfectly, the only reason it was in was because it needed a new antivirus installed because they didn't want to pay for a subscription anymore.   These are college students I am talking about by the way, not someone in their 30s/40s and above. Varying ages and demographics are going to treat their hardware differently, and quite honestly college students are some of the worst of the worst, and if they are capable of making the 7 year old POS laptop running XP or Vista run like the day it was bought all the more power to them, they at least understand these things aren't indestructible.
1	Shes not as bad as u describe and its definitely possible to carry games with her since she became way more snowbally in the rework. The thing with ap Nidalee is just ,that she still has a weak laning phase, if u build ap on her and just doesnt scale that good anymore. Shes still kinda viable, but she just gets outclassed by other mids and its really hard to win Lane.   About Ad Nidalee shes still very strong right now cause, she's just a lane bully and does really well at roaming and splitpushing in the early / mid game, but falls off late. However if ad nidalee is loosing a lane early, she's just useless for the rest of the game.
0	OH man! I've had similar happen. I worked graveyards at a local convenience store and covered for the new girl one night (yay overtime) but around 3 am, this lady came in and wandered around for around an hour, and bought like 3 bucks worth of stuff... she was acting strange it seemed, so I mentioned her to my manager. She went and checked out the recording from around that time, bitch walked out with at least $40 worth of merchandise! She looked back over more camera footage from grave yard shift for the past month or so, and the lady did it at least once a week! But only the one time on my shift... at least I didn't get held up!!
1	Its a matter of how many chances / misplays the enemy team lets you make before they capitalize on them and win. Some guys are pretty good on doing that still (CLG, C9, Gambit) and others are not (SHC etc). If you die once in a random level 1 fight, thats ok. But if you die again and lose a turret, dragon or baron things might shift into the enemy teams favour.
0	After months of writing long, insightful posts on a host of topics, I had my first "blowed up" comment this weekend. It was a mild statement of support to a fellow acne sufferer. 1100 karma.   My detailed economic analysis of the differences and similarities between various laissez faire paradigms, and their different levels of State involvement? -4.   I think most of us know that a lot of the trick to karma is timing, attaching the right comment to the right post at the right time. Get a well timed joke in early on a post that has traction, and ride that bitch to Reddit gold. Had I posted my acne comment ten minutes later, it would have undoubtedly sank like a rock.
1	His statement was that NintendudeX is the best player >by far< (most likely a statement based on these qualifying matches). This is just wrong...
1	The thing is that CoD works better in videos. The CoD audience is expecting those ~7-15 minute videos that Youtube is good for.   LoL doesn't work as well as videos. Most of the time, streaming is what people care about. If its not the stream itself then its the VoDs of the stream which they can find just about anywhere.
1	AS only helps if minions are dying faster than you can auto attack. This is not the case during laning phase. AD will make it so that you have more leeway for "lowhealth" creeps. Yes, technically you should wait until they are as low as possible, but we are not computers. We cannot calculate it that well.
0	Where I live everyone under the age of 20 is a brat. Lucky that only the white kids in your area are brats.   If I hear one more story about how this kid or that kid got fired for stealing money from the register (when the manager was present), not wearing uniforms to work ever, or doing some form of drug while working, I will slowly pull the trigger on the revolver pressed against my head.
1	People talk a lot about the SC2 ranks system in this subforum but it's pretty easy to tell that they don't know how it actually works and why it wouldn't fix anything.   First off, the displayed ELO ranking in League is actually a more accurate representation of your skill than a SC2 rank is. I'll explain why in a second but the most important distinction between the two is that YOU KNOW what your ELO is at any given point, this is not true in Starcraft.   In Starcraft, there are 6 main ranks (and GM, but that's special) but there is variation in every rank based on division. Divisions are groups of 100 people within a certain rank and they are rated against one another (so if you're #1 in your division, you have a higher rating than the other 99 guys there). But  the divisions themselves are tiered  meaning that two people in the same rank but separate divisions could be wildly different in skill. There are more tiers in the lower leagues, which leads to a whole host of weird problems. Posts like "I'm rank 1 bronze and can't get into silver, what gives?" are pretty common, because no one understands that their rank is meaningless and they are in one of the lower tiers of bronze and actually not good enough to move up to silver. This is true for all leagues, but the upper ones have fewer tiers as people start playing the game more or less correctly the higher you go (plat and diamond have like 2-3 ranks, whereas bronze has 7). It's not until Masters that you actually enter a league with one rank, this is also where it starts showing your w/l ratio (oh BTW that's hidden for 98% of the population unless you manually track it).
0	Introvert here, people don't think I'm creepy because I don't do creepy things. Whatd'ya know, funny how that works. I know that "creepy" people tend to be introverts, but it's more than that, usually some kind of social disadvantage during youth.
1	To Riot's credit, they probably have the best lore in the genre or, at least, for a game that aims to have a shit-ton of characters. There aren't that many games that try to do this and there isn't an easy way to make 116 unique characters.   One relevant comparison might be the fighting game genre where the lore is comparable or much worse. Most fighting games just run off the "OMG, there's a hueg fightan tournament gg" (street fighter, Tekken) and fill their roster with all the viable tropes.   Dota is probably the most relevant comparison and I think LoL has done well to distinguish itself. Here's an interesting factoid from an oldie: heroes in the old Dota All-stars were generally referred to by their designated title (eg: Queen of Pain, Anti-mage) while LoL worked to get champ names & personalities to stand out more. No one calls Ashe "Frost archer" or Janna "The Storm's Fury". The only thing LoL is missing might be the extensive taunt features from Dota 2.   Finally, the only other direct comparison, in terms of the amount of characters, I can make is the "108 stars of Destiny" in the Suikoden series of RPG games. Even in an RPG, the majority of the cast simply exist as tropes, comic relief or just deliberately obscure so that the player can project their own imagination.
1	She got hurt a bit with the new itemization but she's still the wrecking crane she always was, albeit with a smaller wrecking ball. Riot keeps toning her down slowly without actually touching what gives her the most power, Hiten Style.
0	Fuck this.  All the people saying we don't have those kind of problems.  Ours are worse.  They are far more subtle.  If we don't stop it now we won't ever stop it.   If we don't stop it now we are putting it off for a violent conflict further down the road.  We can prevent Egypt from happening, we can prevent Syria from happening.  But only if you get off your ass.   Think about that for a minute.   It's the same thing with global warming.  The American people bitch about it online but change their life in no meaningful way.  Don't be a fucking sheep.  Don't wait for someone to tell you to do something.  This is bullshit and you should be mad about it.  The fact that someone has to tell you that you need to be mad is sad as all get out.
1	You need to realize something: Having the best KDA of the team, doesn't mean you're the best player on the team. A 1/7 jungle Zac could easily be the best player in this game, if he set up 20 kills for the team, but died in every engagement. The stats won't show that (well, if you don't post assists at least).   Also.. If you can win your lane constantly, roam. Roam like fuck. Seriously. Winning the lane means, that you NEED to help your team, instead of cursing at them while doing nothing with the advantage you managed to get. Even though the botlane setup was... strange... you shoulda been able to grab some double kills there. Coordinate 4 man ganks with your jungler and botlane.   Also, play with the mindset of improving yourself, not to gain LP. Keep the fun and positive attitude up, instead of wasting time and energy being pissed off because of that 0/15 guy that lost you the game.
1	I think it's because it's a displacement with a chance to stun. I know the range difference is only a small bit, but since it's meant for a disengage or chase tool, it makes sense that the range is a bit shorter. For a disengage, the enemy will probably be closer to you anyway, and for chasing (with a pin), you have your passive, tumble, and ulti to catch up. If it was the same range as her auto, it would lead to some insane moments that probably should not have happened.
0	I know what it's like to be used, and it sucks. I knew a kid when I was younger that didn't really have any friends, so being the nice guy I was I tried to make regular phone calls, emails, and the occasional visit. I wanted him to feel like he wasn't alone in the world, as his family tried their hardest to convince him he was. (Scumbag parents...) The kids dad wouldn't ever let him buy anything he wanted unless there was something in it for him. So if he wanted a video game, I scrounged money to get it for him, and if his mother (who was very self centered) wouldn't let him have a candy bar, (as she thought he would get fat and it would ruin his swimming career) I would make it a point to pick up some candy for him when I was in town. Well one day I saw him out in public and he basically ignored me, I asked him why he was acting like that and he cursed me out. I just don't get it. Some people just aren't taught appreciation anymore. Some people are ass holes who don't deserve your time or money. Happy birthday, I hope yours was better than mine...
0	I'm currently a student pilot at a part 141 school. This is a fairly unique situation but my instructor has around 400 hours and has been flying constantly for the past 4 years (aviation degree). I've never flown with an older instructor so I can't really compare the two but I will say that flying with a "fresh" instructor has been great for me. He still remembers what it was like going through his initial training to get his PPL so he's very helpful when it comes to the training aspect of things but he also has a lot of experience that he's accumulated over a relatively short period of time so he is definitely competent and attentive. That being said, I would take what I said with a grain of salt; as I mentioned, I've never flown with an older CFI and I don't have very much experience myself.
0	yup -sure use to. (quit after 15 years)... it is quite a common saying in EMS.   when you do an awesome job and straight up save someone's life or get them the social services help they need to get them on a better life pathway and stop them calling 911 5x a day, but you got there in 9 minutes not 8 like you were suppose to  - that is bad and you catch a lot of shit for it, even if you where sent from 5 stations over cos you are  the only cover in an entire division.   but get there is 5 minutes (under the 8 minute goal) drop the patient down the stairs insult the relatives, mistake the abdo pain in the 80 female as non cardiac related,  and all is rosey in the managers world.   The managers don't care about outcomes, only how their statistics look compared to the next manager.
1	I'll just say that I totally agree with the premise of your post.  Sad to say though, I actually don't mind this direction.   It's really hard to create a long lasting meta with a game constantly changing.  You bring up chess as an example, but have the rules of chess changed since 1xxx BC or whenever it was made?  No.  The rules of chess are set in stone forever.  The powers of the pieces are defined and will never change.  So it's easier to create metas because you're not constantly wondering if the next day the king gets to move 5 spaces at a time or knights can't jump over pawns or some weird rules like that.   This is rather unlike League.  One day Gragas is OP, next he's dead, now he's OP again, and now they're looking at nerfing him again.  Because there's a balance team at work, that means a meta that could work one day might not work the next.  Remember when Targon's used to be able to proc the execute on all auto attacks instead of just melee?  People were actually running duo top and double Relic Shield starts because that's how strong it was.  After they nerfed it, that's no longer an option anymore.   Because there's a balance team, people will usually go to the default meta, the 1-1-2 lanes.  It has been tried and tested throughout the ages of MOBAs and it will be here to stay.  People are too scared to innovate because it requires team coordination to innovate.  But thanks to the toxic community, true team coordination is next to impossible.  "Whut?  Double jungle?  Report!"  "Morgana ADC?  Report!"  "Urgot?  I'm feeding!"  It's the community preventing innovation.  Riot has no choice but to answer the calls of the majority who want the 1-1-2 lanes.   But the key is "team coordination".  You notice how smoothly LCS teams can run 2-1-1 or 4v0 or top/jungler duo roam?  Because they're a TEAM.  They don't mind running these strategies because they're all on the same page.  This is different from 5 strangers sitting behind a screen not verbally communicating instinctive intentions.   Team Builder has begun to alleviate some of these problems, but it doesn't work quite as intended yet.   So my thoughts
0	Let me explain.  The lyrics "In the meadow we can build a snowman and PRETEND that he is parson brown He will say are you married we will say NO MAN but you can do the job when your in town" They are not married but pretending to be as a it is not really parson brown but a snowman... and a snowman cannot legally marry people.... (as far as I know) Then the Lyrics " Later on baby we will CONSPIRE as we dream by the fire to face unafraid the plans that we made walking in a winter wonderland.....  CONSPIRING being a euphemism for banging by the fire.... the plans that they made while walking in the winter wonderland were to bang.......
0	Well, see, she was going to show them, then she realized that you were here and PMed a few of us less grumpy, more understanding folks instead.
1	If this goes on, the game will end with champion base damages at 50 at level 5. there are ALWAYS players that find out how to master a certain champion and play him well so other players copy that and play him aswell. If they nerf zed, another champion will be found that is terrifying if played well. But if riot keeps nerfing every single champ that people have success with, it will end in champs having absolutely low base dmgs for example and that results in not enjoyable gameplay. For example: before zed got popular, there were some players that played this champ and had some success with it. Then very high level players like alex ich tried to master zed, and of course he will have success with that mastered champ and carrys games with it. I am pretty pretty sure that if alex ich masters something like sion, he would have hugee success with it. Another example that proves that im right is the champions volibear and nasus. Volibear got no buff but diamondprox learned and mastered that champ. Wat happened ? Other players leaned him aswell and now people say he is too strong and should get a nerf. Almost same to nasus . His q got buffed and he got play in competitive scene, people now say he is too strong but it is not because of the buff, people actually say the slow is broken , whcih he had before the buff.
1	That changed tone rather quickly.   Gold 1 support main here.   I get praised when I get my ADC fed, when I have objectives warded at relevant times, and when I save my teammates from an otherwise assured death. I also praise my ADC for his excellent skill with his champion that ALSO got him fed, my teammates when they are quick to capitalize on an advantage (e.g. Dead Jungler/Laner) by taking an objective, and my team for functioning well with each other in teamfights.   You most likely wrote this because you got yelled at by your team for not giving some bronze support main asshole the reach around you didn't think he deserved. What you need to realize is that Bronze Support mains aren't assholes, Assholes sometimes main support in League of Legends. You should also understand how incredibly ignorant you sound when you blanket insult an entire group of players. I am a fucking GOOD support and I know this. But you don't. So, before making a statement like "All support mains are entitled pricks" (A good
0	I can't speak about child birth as I'm a dude. That being said, let me tell you a story about pain;   I was 15 years old, and incredibly messed up. I couldn't hear any sound no matter how low, or look at any light no matter how dim, without getting insane migraine headaches / feel like my head was going to explode. Then I started feinting a lot. Turns out I had Meningitis, but they had to do a spinal tap to make sure. To do the spinal tap, they get me a nurse who has never done it before and needs to learn how. She pulls out this 6" long hat pin looking needle and gets to work. She stabs me right in my spine 8 or 9 times. Everytime she does, she's hitting nerves making my legs and arms shake and convulse. After the 9th time, the Senior Doc comes in and hits it perfect the first time. There I am, sitting almost completely naked on a table with my chest on my knees, happy as a mother fucker that the Doc was able to prick my spine right the first time. I've never been in so much pain before.
1	She is actually better than she used to be supporting Sivir and Corki in particular. Two points in infuse gives more mana than three points used to and this allows those two AD champions to trade extremely effectively in lane since soraka can level heal more readily than ever. In a standard support lane, if you opened faerie charm + wards, you should run out of mana near the time when you need to go back anyways for a philostone.
1	do us a favor and realize telling us the differences between both games in detail wasn't his objective.   i swear, this reddit filled with immature morons. plz continue to prove it. its not like there aren't a dozen of dota vs LoL videos on YT anyway.
0	Here is a preamble to the story.  My father is the second owner of a 74 vette whose engine he customized.  I remember a neighbor kid once touching it and dad saying, "Is there dirt on your hand?" [Yes]  "And what is dirt made of?" [no answer] "Tiny pieces of gravel.  Same thing sandpaper is made of..."  Anyway, one night he come's out of the Cajun's Wharf, and sees a guy leaning against the back of the car talking to another guy.  Dad says something and gets cold-cocked.  Dad's eye is split open and he looks and smiles.  It's on.  He fights until he no longer has them separated, so he reaches into the car and grabs his .357.  Predictably, they run as he lowers it.  Their truck is parked next to his, so he unloads all five rounds into it.  Then drives to the emergency room to get stitches.  circa 1985
1	I have watched QT for a long time.  He has been a lot more hostile with his humor than he was in the past.  I am not liking the direction he is going.  I also miss the games in between queue.  That was the best part of his stream in my opinion and it sucks he currently isn't doing it.
1	I personally did t play ranked until I had 500 wins. After that many wins I found I had a decent understanding of the game (when to go in or back out, when to chase). Also from platitudes g that many games I learned to focus on my own play and not rage at my team (not raging actually makes you and team play better). From all of that I've managed to get to 1300 elo from 1000. Plus it gives you time to play with your friends and get some good teamwork.
0	I actually worked for the Kirby company for a few months. I found that I am actually a decent salesman and was actually making between $500-$700 a week. Then they start throwing in these random stipulations that made it okay to then pay me like $5 or $10 after working my ass off easily over 60 hours a week. As well they had us doing really underhanded business tactics. Needless to say it went from "Wow! Not bad!" To "Fuck this underhanded immoral company!" I could go on and on about it but I'll cut it as short as possible.
1	This^. I go into picking phase hoping for the best, someone ORDERS me to ban Darius, even though I politely say I can deal with him in lane, opposite team picks Darius and this someone says "gg, I troll now". I only play with my friends now and if I go ranked i duoqueue with a friend i can rely on, hence a smaller chance of "rage", I usually end up support, not that I care when it's ranked, I just want to win.
1	any confirmation for this?  by my knowledge the name is only blocked for some hours after the deleting because the servers do not update immediately.   also:
1	Just because he hit the spot once, doesn't mean his builds shouldn't be questioned. From time to time he builds absolute bullshit. I know people like to jerk about Gambit being both brilliant and crazy, but you know... I'm not denying they don't invent new stuff, but that doesn't mean you should blindly follow these guys. It's refreshing to see, for sure, but they're far from top tier, especially with Alex gone.
0	I was going to write an enlightening response to this that was going to take time but instead I'm going to jumo to the
1	As for the first part, I have to disagree with your outlook on it because I don't think it's that simple.  Let's say what Athene says was true, and that he gets a lot of trolls every day because he has a large hater-base.  If the sole intent of the troll is to make the game hard for him, then there are ever so many ways to make the game hard for him without leaving a trail of evidence for tribunal.  For example, banning his champions is not going to show up on tribunal, neither will summoner names for people to know that he's really Athene.  If a person doesn't get to ban his champions and goes into the game with their goal of making it harder for him to win in mind, they may play a champion that they aren't good at on purpose, or they may intentionally perform badly.  Tribunal will not be able to tell if they are "trolling" unless they make it obvious in the chat, in items, or have too many deaths, and it's really easy to get away with it if you aren't dumb about it.   I do agree that he should learn how to play other champions though.
1	I think you mean that many players feel that they should be higher, and luck may have a factor here. I feel that the opposite is more true. As a bronze player myself, I really hate being flamed by the Silver Vs I play with. They are literally right at the bottom of that tier and they have this belief that being in Silver makes them far superior to me.
1	Can't we just get rid of these mods and get some new one's in make a rule that we are allowed to talk about stuff and never look back?!
1	They might not NEED a leash/help, but what you're basically saying is "You can kill it on your own, and I don't want to spend 3 seconds of my time helping you to let you have more life when you're done with a clear to gank."   People that don't help because "You don't need it" are the same people that get pissed when I cant gank when I have 200 life left after golems because their "leash" consisted of 1 AA.
1	I agree, to an extent. Switching out underperforming players for someone else is good--in that regard you are right. However, underperforming for a period of time doesn't mean that it will stay that way. Right now teams just cycle through talent. In other words, they find someone who they think is better, inject them into the team, then hope they will work out for the best. If not, they drop them and find a replacement. Think of TSM recent roster changes.   For example, professional sports (like soccer) have multiple players for each role. They obviously have their preferred lineup, but players go in and out of form, with the world class players maintaining their form more consistently. However, a manger might change things as they go by utilizing a player that is performing the best or will bring the biggest impact to the starting team lineup.   LCS teams only have about 2 or 3 subs, but rarely use them unless they have a player that is sick or in an emergency.   LCS teams need to utilize a larger reserve team--subs--so they can switch out players more consistently based on week to week performance. Teams shouldn't be dropping talent, trading them, or kicking them out of the organization. They need to keep a hold on talent, let players not in the starting positions fight for a starting role.   This of course cause difficulties, and League doesn't always operate to traditional sports, but the point still stands. They cannot just loose talent.   Gleeb should be still training with the team, in the house, etc...trying to fight for his role back. Putting pressure on Lustboy to keep his starting role.   But, of course, it comes down to money. Which, as we know, isn't in abundance for most LCS teams.
0	that just makes it 18 per 100,000.   I think many people would take issue with the "just" portion of your statement, particularly considering how our rates of pregnant women have been going up where fatalities due to car accidents went down last year.   The
0	I agree! This reminds me of a time I went on a date with a conservative lutheran pastor-in-training. He had lived a sheltered upper-middle-class life in the rural midwest and had learned Spanish in school. He thought this qualified him to minister to immigrants. He has no knowledge of poverty, other cultures, world religions, racism, substance abuse, living without medical care, and endless other issues human beings (especially impoverished immigrants) face. On top of all this, he thought that introspection was "evil."  My Point: Being successful, rich, unafflicted, educated, and talented is NOT what helps you connect to/advise other people. Good advice comes from people who have shared your suffering, know your struggle, are able to empathize and advise from a place of having faced similar challenges.
1	Doesn't matter if the sololane is bot or top , summoners rift is symetrical.   Other than that you make a good point.   Did you know beforehand you would have a jungler ?   Was this in a normal ?   Chances are higher u'll have 2 opponents in ur side-solo-lane. One does not simply go singed (or any other melee without range or get-out-skills like riven) in such a situation  ("FU i can only play singed" perhaps ?).
1	It's correct to report them for "unskilled player" if you wish to do so, but as everybody knows "unskilled player" - reports aren't doing anything at all.   You could say that it's not fair towards his teammates to jump right into ranked after 3 weeks break though, but reporting for something like this is rather harsh.
1	I wouldn't say correlation implies causation here.  Yes, the 6% buff is nice, but as a lot of people have already said, it's not much of a factor until builds round out.  It's not nearly as snowbally as it may seem on paper.   If you're able to get dragon early, however, that's a sign you (and the rest of your team) have a general control over your game, which is more likely to translate to a win in the end.  Not to mention Fiddlesticks is a stupidly strong champion right now who can totally turn a game around with just his ult (hearken back to game 2 of the Worlds semifinal match between Royal Club and OMG where inSec's ults pretty much singlehandedly won an otherwise losing game).
0	Boy a lot of people have similar situations on here. Two girls who were a bit older than me and terribly mean. One was always trying to be better than me and out do me and she was 4 years older than me! They were in high school and I was still in middle school at the time. They were in the same class as a close friend of mine, pretty much my big sister, and she is a super smart and high achieving/hard working pretty girl. So these two girls are the type that just want everyone to be at their level and pick on my big sis a lot. To the point where they "clean out" her locker saying a teacher told them to clean all the lockers and threw away her important records (This is prior to computers being used for this so she lost everything she would need for some national honors she had been working on for 3 years).   SO one girl is driving her big ass pickup and plows into a power poll on a country road and dies. Right after the shit they did to my big sis. Other girl is devastated. But did she change her ways? No! Everyone still mourns this girl nearly 10 years later. My big sis went on to bigger better things, has a great job, same for me. The girl and I volunteer in the same youth organization and all she does is argue with me at board meetings. Like you bring up an idea or make and announcement and she sits there looking all sulky and starts bitching. Sometimes I wish she had also been in that truck.......   But then another girl who the same group plus others bullied from elementary school forward committed suicide junior year (she was younger than them also and a year older than me) and all they do is say oh you left us too early, why would you do this? and talk about what a profound event this was in their lives. But they don't get that they pushed her to it and now they act like they were her best friends and she devastated them... and this was when myspace was pretty new so cyber bullying really hadn't caught on yet, imagine if what it would be like now.
0	No, what I said was I was  unable  to read the sources because either the links don't work or I have to pay/subscribe to read the articles so I can't verify the article.  I'm not a big fan or freakanomics because their book used questionable statistics interpretations, but then again it didn't go into great detail either; mostly it slapped some statistics around and called in economics, which I studied so I didn't enjoy that and so I'm not willing to take their word for it.  Also, perhaps you should look up the definition of  paranoid .  As I pointed out many girls are paranoid as I probably am as well.   par·a·noi·a    [par-uh-noi-uh] Show IPA noun 1. Psychiatry . a mental disorder characterized by systematized delusions and the projection of personal conflicts, which are ascribed to the supposed hostility of others, sometimes progressing to disturbances of consciousness and aggressive acts believed to be performed in self-defense or as a mission.  2. baseless or excessive suspicion of the motives of others.   Seems to me the use of this word made it pretty obvious I didn't think there was some mass roofies conspiracy.  I know quite well that the article is most likely correct even if I won't believe it blindly because all studies have flaws and I like to make an educated opinion.  My mention of roofies was merely to demonstrate that women are hyper sensitive to the possibility of being raped or their friends being raped, but I see now it muddied the waters because they feel that way regardless or drugs are involved or their friend is just extremely drunk because diminished capacity is diminished capacity.   My criticisms were based on the article since I couldn't read the sources and are actually questions I'd have of any study since they would be hard things to control for, that isn't to say they didn't, just that I can't read them to see how possibly could.  The biggest to me would be the under-reporting; Many women if they were drinking won't report.   Here .   EDIT to add:
1	The main reason Amumu (and similar champs) faceroll bronze is that nobody knows how to recognize all but the hardest of initiations.  They win because they can actually start fights on out of position targets; for starters, in Bronze at least one person is out of position somewhere on the map at any given time, so you can always get your team fed.  As well, few people are dense enough to be eluded by "big mummy ult means I go in" when compared to less obvious spells.
1	Agreed. Early and mid game, Ahri is strong, but she falls off super hard late game. This is because she excels at chasing and killing single champions with skill spamming and sustained damage. During the laning phase, the enemy team is much less likely to be grouped and so she does well here. Once team fights break out, she basically becomes a poking tool. To maximize her burst, she has to jump right on top of an enemy champion, and that usually means jumping into the rest of their team as well. She's a caster, so she's plenty squishy, so that will probably mean death for her. Too often have I started an Ahri game 10/0 and ended it 10/8 or something similar.
1	While I agree that I don't think C9 is NA's messiah or that Meteos has proved his status as a top jungler in the world yet, they have shown some very impressive play.   Saintvicious statement is somewhat correct but he is a bit too general in his assessment of Meteos. For example, early on in the Summer split C9 played a game vs (Dig I think) in which Meteos's both jungle buffs were stolen and warded, giving him little farm or ability to do anything. Instead, he just walks top to the 2v1 lane for a 3v1 push and an eventual free tower (this allowed him to catch up while getting global gold). Granted this was pre-patch 3.10 but it showed that both C9 and Meteos's adaptability and fundamental understanding of the game.
0	I have a similar story. When I was a kid I was playing with my cousins in the front yard. My cousin happened to be wearing these bright yellow shorts (it was the 90s) and he claimed he felt this sharp pain on his ass. He wrote it off as nothing and we went back inside. He felt another one of those sharp pains. He didn't know what was going on and he felt yet another one. He decided to go into the bathroom to check on his butt and when he took is pants off a wasp flew out.   I shudder to think how he was only a few inches away from being in the op's situation.
1	Just hit silver V yesterday. My main suggestion, use people with global influence. TF mid is amazing because he isn't banned in low elo, and has some of the strongest global appearance in the game. As far as tops go, panth is a good pick, for the same reason, global domination. As far as junglers go, I swear at lower elo fiddles is broken because people don't know how to deal with you . I am sitting on an ~80 w/l ratio with like 20 games played. Another jungler good for low elo is eve, people sometimes don't ward in this elo, but even less will buy pinks for an evelynn. I don't mid much so I don't take her mid, but jungling her is fun because people don't expect you as much. Jumping divisions also requires a good mindset, do not fight with your team ever. The ignore button is the most OP thing in the game USE IT.
1	Hmm, wouldnt it solve a bit of the issue to just allow more teams in each split. like double the amount, and suddenly you have a variety of teams. Good and bad, and gives more up-and-coming challenger players a chance to get on a team. Theres some motivation, and even some "retired" players might decide to go and lead a new team, or something. I mean look at all professional sports out there. Take the NFL for example. There are a few teams, that most people know will do awesome each year, and over the years the strength of taht team my turn to another with trades, retirements, new playstyles etc, and suddenly the oakland raiders win the super bowl!  This post is dumb
0	I've never seen at
1	If you constantly get trolls/flamers/afks on your team, perhaps it's you who don't understand that you're part of the problem.   Or maybe it's something more simpler like toxic players not getting punished.   > Most people have gotten tired of reading complaints like this where the OP only bring up a single example (aka their promotions) and then cry for harder punishments, different system etc.   I'm using this single example because it seemed extreme. There are plenty more examples of toxic people, just look at some pro players that have been front page news in the past month or so, I won't name them. Those players have known to be toxic for quite a while. I know that Riot have recently punished 2 EU players for their use of language, however there are others who seem to be far more consistently toxic, yet aren't punished. If it is true about what people have been recently saying about a certain EU top laner, that he is in fact horrible to play with as he flames a lot, he would have been reported and received a punishment by now, but he hasn't.
1	There would be so much more backlash if they did that. Scores of people crying "omg roti pls i bout krama b4 rewrok releesed, skin pls y u no give me free skin". Some of these would be legitimate (i.e. someone planned on buying Karma anyway), but would mostly be people bitching about not getting something for free.   As it is, tons of people get the free skin and are happy but there are a few people like the OP who feel like they got thrown under the bus. I can totally understand and don't personally mind how they decide to distribute the skin (I would be getting it either way), but you have to look at it from Riot's perspective. One way gives a free skin to tons of people for cheap (1350 IP plus Karma herself) but leaves a very small number of people upset. The other rewards a small number of devoted fans but leaves many more complaining how Riot is the worst company since EA, they feel entitled to a gift they don't deserve, et cetera. Overall, it's better to please the masses and that's exactly what Riot's doing. The extra sales of Karma in the next week or two won't hurt, either.
1	I did this as Solotop Ryze cuz I saw SV go 0-9-something as Top Kennen because he was camped by the jungler. He made sure to not get any kills in team fights and keep up with farm.   For me, I knew Ryze had a weak early game and I got camped by Lee Sin. I was 0-5. You have to make sure you're keeping up with farm though. Of course you'll be a long way's back because they have gold from kills/assists, but they usually take your tower fast which lets you get more farm and they're forced to take jungle creeps/roam.   Ended up winning (I didn't carry, but I was still very useful) and going 2-7 (accidentally took 2 kills in the last team fight).
0	Kids feel "entitled" to that money because the government holds them responsible for it. If your parents make money, you get $0 in grants from the government to go to school because the  government  feels your parents should pay for it.   Are your parents up to their eyes in debt? Are they cheap and aren't paying for your school? Too bad, no college for you. You should have been born poor or gotten pregnant.
1	I agree, the winrate of a champion alone does not tell you about how strong the champion is. You need to look at both the winrate and the pick rate. There are 4 categories of champions.   First is the low pick rate, low win rate. These champions are garbage. No one plays them save for a handful of one trick ponies who dedicate their time to mastering them, and they still suck. These champions are the ones most likely to be buffed.   The second group are the low pick rate, high win rate. This group includes Heimer and Skarner (the data is hard to believe, but I don't see why it would be wrong). They're powerful champions that are unpopular. The majority of the players playing them are one trick ponies or people who are at least very experienced with these champions, and they perform well, or these champions are niche picks that are picked to counter specific team comps, and they perform that role well. These champions are probably balanced despite the high win rate.   The next category is low win rate, high pick rate. This group includes Lee Sin, Thresh, Leblanc. These champions are seen as "strong" and "fun" so people will play these champions. If you don't play usually play support but you need to fill, you'll pick Thresh. Many people picking these champions don't know how to play their champion well. Some players playing these champions will be one trick ponies, but the majority will likely only have a handful of games on this champion or not focus on the champion, bringing down the winrate. Thus, the winrate will be low but the champion is still most likely balanced.   The last group is high win rate, high pick rate. These champions are played by everyone, including many people who are not dedicated to the champion, and they will still manage to dominate. These champions are usually extremely OP (preseason Warwick, Sejuani) or very easy to pick up (Rammus) or both. These champions are the ones that are very likely to be nerfed because they are either too strong or too easy while still being good.   I'm sorry for typing you an essay but I wanted to explain how I evaluate champion strength based on the statistics.
1	I have been saying this for a while to my group of friends which i play this game with. And they hate me for hating on all the new champs.   There is alot of champs ingame atm. And Syndra is suffering from what i have been saying for a while..   People will not play a champ unless it is really powerful against the current meta (gragas,ahri,orianna,karthus,anivia).   That or if it brings something new to the table, something that gives them a unique niché in a team comb.   Syndra provides nothing. She is a terrible and harder to play version of Veigar. Veigar just has alot better CC and alot more dmg, plus an unending ap scale.   I was whining constantly when they released diana, she was incredible overpowered from a champion point of view. Not when you compared her vs other champs, but when you looked at her abilities their mana costs dmg cooldown and so on..   Her passive alone is by far the best in the game. Alot of attackspeed scaling burst dmg on ever 4th swing? come on ? insane! plus the fact that she has an orianna ult on her W making orianna useless.. Since she in my opinion is a horrible champion aswell.   They need to take a break with making new champs and update old ones, like karma sion and so on. How can sions passive that reduces what 50 dmg flag 50% of the time? terrible. compared to the new passives..   They nerfed Zyra to the ground aswell.   How about you release a decent mid champ that we can use.. Riot either makes them overpowered so they get nerfed to uselessness or they make them  bad from the get go.
1	If you think going to Silver rankings will increase the amount of good people you're slightly fooling yourself. People at that ranking are just as bad, many games are filled with trolls, there's a godlike Akali in every 5th game that seems to never be in your team while people still want to 1v1 her.   If someone else takes support role from me, the team will end up with a Taric bot lane building sunfire cape while in mid and late game we're all lucky, if he decides to put 2 wards from his sight stone on the map, never buying wards, we have 0 vision (I had a friend spectate my game while I was junging and was incredibly disappointed to later on find out that we were outplayed just because enemies had more than 2 words on map, like our team, which I placed, while support was too busy initiating fights into fog).   It's the little things that make silver rating an amazing experience. While maining support vision can win games late game, but sadly we rarely get to that point and our base towers are destroyed 15min into the game.
0	Here is an article posted on CNN last month.  They quote Reddit users and use no experts to give the anonymous quotes credibility.  I understand most of the myths debunked were obvious and mainstream knowledge but they basically just copy and pasted it from Reddit.   original Ask Reddit link:   CNN article:
0	That'd be ideal. The world is not. My parents are on £60k a year, there are four of us kids, my parents are together and self employed (LOTS of travel). I got the MINIMUM student loan available and no grants (I have to pay it all back), but there's no way £60k a year in a suburb just outside of London is a big wage. There's no way for my parents to fund me, so I work 15 hours a week. Luckily, I still get 1:1s, but I don't have a regular sleep pattern (shift work) or a social life.   Put it into American terms: with the UK system, the person who lives in Manhattan in a box with no disposable income is treated the same as someone on a huge ranch in Nebraska where the cost of living is substantially lower.   Furthermore, why should children be punished for the mistakes of their parents? Let's say you have a horrible parent, I know a few, and they COULD afford to help you, but won't because screw you. That effectively means you either have to kill yourself to go to uni OR not go. Considering the UK politicians that keep increasing the cost of uni got a free education, this is pretty much bullshit.
1	Today was actually,  was playing a normal 5 v 5 i was a jungle udyr we had a urgot in top lane, a ezreal mid, and i think a tryn and kog on bot the other team had a lee sin jungler (meaning that both teams should have a solo top and mid) but for some reason the opposing team sent two people to top lane rather than bot naturally our urgot got zoned hard and got killed once.. From then on he refused to leave the base and demanded we surrender on 20 claiming we had already lost the game. The next 10 minutes consisted of myself and 1-2 others from my team explaining that the game wasn't lost they were only ahead by one kill and to get back into lane (this was roughly at the 15 minute mark) despite everyone telling him we hadn't lost, he still stayed in our base.   At this point my rage mode kicked in and I started asking my teammates if anyone spoke stupid because clearly my point wasn't getting across in English. From then on all he did was insult the team for being behind which was mostly because we were all busy typing and telling him to get back to his lane for the first 10 minutes in the game. and at 20 minutes he threw up a surrender I was so pissed off at this urgot that I refused to give him what he wanted I hit no on surrender every time it came up until the enemy team came into the base and earned their win ( also after not getting the surrender he wanted he chose to then go and feed the other team until we lost) I have never raged so hard in a LoL game I haven't logged on since this game ended I’m still raging. All in all I think im going to stick with the /lfgreddit  I usually don’t mind solo queue but I just never want to run into a tool like that again I hate getting pissed off about a video game
1	ALRIGHT I SHALL EDIT MY GAMES AS THEY GO ON:   GAME 1: PLAYING PANTHEON JUNGLE AND I MENT TO BAN FIZZ NOT FIORA AND THEY FIRST PICKED FIZZ SO YEAH I'M NOT FEELING TOO GOOD. Ok, so this game I ended up stealing 2 dragons and getting pretty fed earlygame (I fell off lategame of course). Every lane was getting destroyed, with Fizz and Ezreal having 5 kills at 15 minutes. We outscaled them, and we eventually won the game. I also made a sick baron call with Alistar zoning them off of it.
0	Disappointed I had to read this far to find someone who understands this. My oldest can be a real shitshow a lot of the time. Super stubborn, strong-willed, extremely emotional, never responded to the methods I most often see working for other kids. And trust me, I've done a ton of research, counseling, you name it. We had to learn how to parent him, specifically. And when you know what works for him, he can be a really well-behaved kid, but it took us a good 2 years to figure out his needs, and at 3.5 we're still learning. And no he's not on the spectrum or anything.   My youngest? I wouldn't say he's an angel, BUT he actually RESPONDS to the same parenting techniques my first son ignored. We sometimes even forget to try those techniques because we're so used to managing my oldest. Then we try something simple like redirection or removal and BOOM he's fine. Still blows our minds a lot of the time.
1	Dyrus i really don't think you should care about what all these random people think and also you really shouldn't change the way you act or think if they don't like the way you answer questions or you act on stream i doubt you want them to be part of your fanbase.
0	The most surprised I've ever made a professor was over what was supposed to be a 4 hour final. It took me 45 minutes. Apparently, the next person finished over an hour later (I had a friend tell me). Initially, the professor thought I had a question about the test and asked me if I was sure I had all the pages. I got an A+ as well.   Honestly, for multiple choice and short answer (sometimes even a test with paragraph responses) I do not understand how it can take so long. Either you know it or you don't. There shouldn't be too much thinking or bullshitting involved.   Now everyone is going to be up in arms about critical thinking tests (math, applied science, whatever). I graduated 2 months ago with a degree in Ecology and Evolution. It was a shit ton of applying scientific concepts. And that is what makes the tests go by so fast. There isn't a lot to memorize and you don't have to go through whatever memory devices you use. Take the concept you know and apply it. Simple.   Now, didn't I just say memory devices can take up a lot of time during a test? This is true, if you don't use effective memory devices. A memory device should cover something very basic. For example: if you have to know the digestive system for an animal, just remember which organs food passes through - in order. Then each organ should have its own memory device which covers it's functions.   The memory device will differ from person to person. Some people will use mnemonics or pictures, whatever. I'm an auditory learner, so the easiest way for me to remember things is to simply listen in class and read my notes as complete flowing sentences once or twice before a test. So my memory devices are short simple sentences that I can immediately write down.   If you want to figure out what type of learner you are, this [chart]( can help.
0	the word itself isn't racist, its how people perceive it. while the denotations of words generally stay constant, the connotations change dramatically with the context and general usage. there are plenty of words that have changed their meaning and offensiveness over the years. i think the most ridiculous part of this whole thing is that black people are "allowed" to use it while white people "aren't". it just seems like another form of segregation and a limit on free speech.
0	Thaaaat article doesn't even make a conclusive finding. The author says, in their opinion, that it doesn't matter because it can't be conclusively proven. They also call into question pheromones and whether they exist in humans. Every single healthcare professional I know looked at me like I was mentally deficient when I just polled them about it.
0	Reading these comments I can only say this; What the fuck is wrong with you dude? Do you have some sort of behavioral / mental disorder? Look at the shit you are typing. Seriously what sane, rational human being says that? You have some unresolved issues that you need to work out.
0	I took three years of engineering college.  I finished all but a couple "core" classes.  I never plan on being employed as an engineer.  So I tried to transfer from engineering to business so I could get some more training in a field relevant to what I want to do.  I was denied my transfer and I'd rather not waste another year-18 months of my life finishing up an engineering degree learning a bunch of stuff I'm actually never going to use (not like basic chemistry or calculus, but some pretty advanced stuff).  I really am glad I took most of those first three years of college, but I really don't need to learn a lot of really advanced engineering techniques.  My time is better spent employed in retail getting better at sales and customer interactions while trying to grow my own skate company in the rest of my time.   The trick is that even though I'm not in school I haven't stopped learning.  I got a job in retail on purpose.  I wanted to get better at making sales.  I would prefer to self-employ for the rest of my time and I find myself drawn to the "sell things" side of the industry.  People will always want and buy things.  I know how to design things and get them made thanks to my basic engineering knowledge.  Thanks to my startup experience I know how to work with a team of engineers to get a product designed and find a manufacturer to get it made.   Thanks to a couple comm classes I've gotten a lot better at crafting the language I use and it's helped but there are still things I don't know.   I don't know real business theory.  I know that if you sell things to people and make money in the middle you can make a business happen.  But I haven't taken a single formal business class.  I took a couple "entrepreneurship" classes along the way that were helpful but nothing I hadn't learned from outside areas already.  (my uncle is an entrepreneur and I worked with him on several of his companies)   I also don't know much about management from a manager's perspective.  But ever since I've made the decision to own companies I've realized that learning how to promote a healthy and productive work environment is a difficult and rare skill.  It would be interesting to take classes on the psychology of management.  At my job I have rotating interactions with 5 different managers and have a great opportunity to study what seems to be working and what doesn't.   So here's a
1	Autoattacking is a fine art. My turning point in this game was when I was told not to autoattack creeps so much, and explained why it was bad(this was maybe 100 games in for me).   So you seem to recognize that you want to let minions push. But... if the enemy is autoattacking and you aren't, then creep waves do build up. This is when you need to autoattack back. Either make sure you're still last hitting, or, as an example, if you're Malphite, hit all the creeps below half, Groundslam, and get all the kills.
1	The best tip I can give is, instead of stumbling your way through, pick a champion you want to learn. A good beginner one would be garen, Caitlyn, akali, master yi, etc, then go to YouTube and watch as many guides as you can about that one champion. They will tell you which lane to go in, simple strategies, which items to buy for that champion in game, which runes to play with, what masteries to pick. Specifically the riot sponsored "summoner spotlights" will do you well.  Then do some test runs.
0	I'm in a mood today, and this guy makes a convenient punching bag. Haven't seen the the question in question so I might go look it up here in a minute.   As far as advice, I don't have much. I know that I did college all wrong. I just did the work and tried to get a good grade. What I should have been doing was going to events where employers mingled with the students and faculties. I should have been more involved with clubs and fraternities that were directly involved in my field. And I should have been looking for ways to do freelance work while I was still in school in order to build a portfolio.   Once you get out of school it becomes exponentially harder to connect with a career that you have no affiliation with. And the longer you're out of school and not working in your field, the less and less credible you look to potential employers. It's a downward spiral and it doesn't seem to have an end.   My best advice would be to get on the lowest rung of whatever company hires people that have your skills. I don't care if you're just the damn janitor, get on at that company. Talk to the people that do the job that you want to do. Find ways to demonstrate your ability to the people in the organization that are actually in charge of hiring for the position that you want. A position will eventually open up if you wait for it. Just make the most of that waiting time by building a relationship with the people that can hire you.
1	This is bullshit imho. If you are serious as a team about winning stuff then you adapt and overcome things like this.   Either you invite teams from other regions to play against on a regular basis or you help up and comming teams to get some practice. Or you solve this some other way.   Lets just be honest. Na teams suck because they are lazy and doesn't have the will to win. They are comfortable streaming a bit once in a while, get a few sponsors and live the good life. Same as for example Ocelot.
1	A response like this to what was obviously tongue in cheek seems to indicate you have higher than normal sensitivity to people being internet bullies.
1	You need to understand it from start to finish.  This is excellent decision making by both players.  Annie starts with a great 2 man flash Tibbers to stun both.  Jinx sees shyv coming and attack moves north to get away.  Annie waits to pop her shield to block all the burst from thresh and lucian.  Jinx starts running to get shyv to try and move ahead of her and open up the rocket.  Then the real clutch happens.  Annie drops a 2 man stun on the enemy team while barely avoiding the boxes insant kill and jinx pump fakes Shyv to get the rocket off.  Then Jinx having not blown her flash to do any of that runs away from her turret so Shyv is foreced to ult away from Jinx's safe point and flashs brush to brush as soon as he makes his move so he can't see her and she can get away.  After all that she uses her barrier to bait shyv away from her annie so that they can both get away.
1	Riven can E everytime Katarina uses her Q to harass. I dont think you really know the match up. You push your lane if you just use Q to harass and because Riven can outtrade Katarina early on, she will freeze the lane and hit the shit out of you everytime you come close as Kat. You have to snipe cs with Q.
0	Yuck. Reading al these well-intentioned redditors defend conformity and homogeny, I have to disagree.   Is homogeny really a good thing, even today, with all that we have learned? How do you think such mindless, slavish conformity turns out? What part of a diverse and vibrant society are you rejecting? Which homogenous culture deserves to destroy all others?   This may should slippery slope, but this is the origin of the concept, and it works both ways. What is at the bottom of the hill? North Korea or New York City?   Demanding conformity merely for the sake of conformity is cowardly and immature, and it paves the way to hell. Ask a North Korean.   I read that the Red Scare of 1950's was lead by Mcarthy and his gang, but the vast majority of attacks upon citizens did not come from the government. Maybe 1%, leaving private citizens to do the heavy lifting. Countless non-conformists were fired or ran out. Their contributions hidden or destroyed, their lives ruined. But it was not G-Men, it was Tom and Sally, your neighbors, who heard the music you played or noticed you absent from the pews, and snitched to your boss, who had the support of the community to run your godless commie ass out of town.
1	They don't nerf whatever because its FOTM. They nerf because there is some cheesy abuse of a champs mechanics.   Jayce had the triple crit.   Veigar and zyra had the 1 cc move support gimmick which riot doesnt like.   Some FOTM they took a long time nerfing to make sure they are OP and not just strong:   Lissandra.   Nidalee.   Lucian last season.   As Diana is played as a counter pick and not a cheese she should be fine as should people like Viktor. If some interaction between the new item and Diana is found and it is super op she may be.
1	Syndra and Orianna are similar in their skill floor.   After 3 games with Orianna, a competent player knows how to shield allies, use Q to setup an ult, and use W to burst or slow/speed up. Similarly, after 3 games with Syndra, a competent player can harass with Q, stun (maybe not always, but capable of hitting one), and slow people with W.   However, both have such small details that make them incredibly powerful when mastered. With Orianna, knowing how to properly move the ball with Q and E to hit enemies, being conscious of CDs during teamfights, etc. separates the great from the competent. With Syndra, it's knowing her late game kiting potential, knowing how quickly W throws the ball/minion, knowing how quickly you can use E after spawning a ball, and my personal favorite (which I rarely see people doing)- spawning balls in the Fog of War and surprising enemies with a 5-6 ball ult.
0	FYI: wanted to write a long explanation on why not to do this that I saw on YouTube somewhere but too lazy so I'm not going to.
0	The comments on this post will certainly be a string of SAP's telling you to make a move.  And you need to, despite the inherent hypocrisy in such comments.  It doesn't have to be anything major - just a kiss on the cheek, or an arm around her waist.  You can do it man - if you have to, have a drink or two to loosen up first.   That all said, this redditor recently stopped believing that a girl can "friend zone" a dude.  It's something a man does to himself.  Think about the last time you were in the friend zone.  If someone hypothetically asked the girl, "Why have you and SAP never hooked up?" She won't answer, "I friendzoned him."  Her answer will probably be, "we are just friends."  There is a subtle difference, but it's an important one.  She likely thought of you as a friend because you never offered her any alternative, and now isn't attracted to you romantically anymore (if she ever was).   There is a reason for the mass delusion out there that women are only interested in assholes.  Assholes often have traits that women find attractive, in that they are usually assertive, interesting, and confident.  A non-asshole can also be these things - seriously, give it a try.  You'd be surprised at the results you get.
0	true story:   I was buying some beer at the local liquor store for the evening. I payed for my stuff and went outside to throw it in the back of my car. A guy was sitting in his SUV drinking something beside me(didn't pay attention)   THEN he gets out of the SUV....20 mini bottles of jack fall out...The man cannot walk a straight line at all.   He spills more bottles as he tries to handle them all into the trashcan outside the store RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE WINDOW   Stumbles back in his SUV, starts and drives off onto the Interstate...   MFW
0	On occasion depending where I am.  I was in a FoodMaxx on the less hygienic end of town and had to use the bathroom.  I walk into this stall and it all seems fine, but the lighting is dim in this bathroom to save power.  I get closer to the seat and see that it is covered in piss as if someone was playing Hot-wheels along the seat, with piss.  Since I knew that I can just get the seat up and hover shit.  I grabbed some toilet paper and quickly got the seat up.  Finished my business as fast as I could and walked out of the stall.  Now there is a man waiting for this stall and the moment I get out he runs in.  I hear this man push the toilet seat down and hop on the seat, NOPE.  Feeling bad I washed my hands and ran out the door, because there is no reaction to give that and I had already taken 10 minutes.
0	In middle school, I made a drawing with swastikas in this orientation on a set of tanks and was sent to the principals office. I explained that it was a depiction of a force that had "taken it back" in a peaceful mission statement and were actually the good guys. Somehow, he believed me and two weeks later he assigned me to the school's site council (a group of teachers, students, parents, and admin staff to improve school functions).
1	I travelled from the North of England to Cologne via bus with 4 of my friends and it took us around 18 hours to get there. We went to Week 4 of the spring split, and to be honest I really enjoyed the event. It was packed for that week, on the second day we struggled to find 5 seats together but we did eventually.   I spoke to one of the Rioters but that was only because I happened to leave the room at the same time as he did during one of the games, he spoke to me a little, but aside from that one interaction we didn't speak to the casters or any other Rioters that were there. Had a small chat with Sjokz but it was hard to hold a decent conversation with the HUGE line for pictures (like, half of the room stood up to queue for a photo with her).   I think you had a bad experience because of the lack of other people attending. When we were there, the atmosphere was amazing and we had an amazing time.   Got some photos with the pros and all, spoke to Tabzz for like a good 15 minutes (such a nice guy!) and Aranaea is ridiculously happy. Overall we had an amazing time.
1	You don't really "retire" from E Sports, it's not like his body can't handle it anymore. I'm a HSGG fan, but just because he steps back to coach/manage and says he's retiring, doesn't mean we will never see him in the pro scene again.
0	I disagree with the notion that it is morally wrong. I would do the same. In the past, people would just leave their babies out in the wilderness to die if there were imperfections,  whereas  an abortion spares the fetus any suffering.  It's a tough world out there, and it's increasingly difficult to raise a child, let alone one with severe disabilities.  I have a deep respect for anyone who is willing to bring a child into this world knowing they're disabled, but I don't see why people should give others a hard time for choosing not to, aside from the usual pro-life people.   In before huge debate about whether or not a fetus is considered a full-fledged person.   Edit:  I shouldn't have expected better, but some of the logic in the counter responses I'm getting is seriously flawed, and I'm not going to respond to every Tom, Dick, and Harry in high school who thinks they can easily parent a child, let alone one with serious disabilities.  This isn't a pro-life, pro-choice debate.  In no way did I suggest that it is acceptable to throw babies away.  My anecdote about the wilderness was made as an attempt to  contrast  the difference between an abortion and simply dumping some baby in a trashcan, something that I don't think I would need to explain to anyone in the US at least, because the law clearly sees the two things differently.   Secondly, this isn't a discussion about eugenics.   I'm not advocating abortion for just any kind of genetic imperfection.  [If I had a kid who I knew would grow up to be ugly, dumb, and on Reddit all the time posting illogical counter-arguments to matters they didn't fully think through, I'd still love him the same way I'm sure most of your parents still love you guys. ;)](   Read all the responses in my thread of people who have actually lived, worked, and cared for disabled people in their lives.  It's not easy work, and this is exactly what my original comment was referring to.
1	Soccer is fairly simple but it still has some fairly complex rules. What is a corner kick, how do you decide who does the throw in, how much contact is ok, differences between direct and indirect kicks, the whole keeper thing. One of the things that helps people understand soccer or football is conversations that happen outside of when you watch the sport. It wasn't until the past two years that league has become something that millions watch. The other big name sports have had millions of people watching for decades. Even before the invention of television soccer was still being discussed in the current culture. If you overhear your coworkers talk about about how the team A had a corner kick where billy headed the ball into the goal and don't know what is being said you will ask a question. League is not yet to the point where (at least around me) it is being talked about where others can overhear it. It could take many years before league or other Esports get to the point where they are talked about around the watercooler at work.
0	I work as a cashier, and a customer of this ^ nature started walking away with their purchase without having fully paid off the balance due. I tried to get their attention, and a fellow employee used a gender specific title to get their attention back to the register. The level of confusion and shock that he had been mistaken for a woman literally broke his psyche right in front of me. :( I felt awful.
1	As an EUW player whose native language isn't english, I can assure you that non-english-speaking players aren't rare at all here in european servers. While there was a dramatic improvement with east/west europe separation (especially for people from Russia, Poland or Romany), the language issues aren't fully overcome at all.   Face it or not, it's not a matter of racism: english is world's "default language" in a lot of environments, from professional to leisure area. While I think I can't force a player to score a certain english level as requirement to play, I find that game slang is a strong way to ensure the basic and most important information exchange between players.   Terms such as "ss", "focus champion X", "baron", "go b", etc plus the ping interface (I know, it's not as clear as we wish but hey, improvements are always possible) are enough to grant fundamental coordination.   And here's another thing: the will to coordinate. This is crucial toward the victory chance increase, I think we can all agree that a non-comunicating teammate has a big knockdown in usefulness, wether he's good with his champ or not. So it's not only a matter of mother-language. Anyone can and should familiarize with game terms and most of all use them in the match.
0	Unconscious thought patterns can absolutely be made conscious, if you practice mindfulness spotting negative destructive thought patterns is a lot easier, and all you have to do is change them, because everybody has positive traits, and everyone has negatives, what i did was accept my negative traits and focus on my positive traits, rather then playing victim   i used to have extreme social anxiety, low self esteem and depression, to top off the tank i'm also ADHD-Pi with bi polar II   why? i was abused as a child, parents divorced, mom died, sent to behavioral school full of retarded kids making me socially retarded (my whole high school experience was ruined because i went from a classroom of 4 kids for 3 years, to straight up high school took me 5 years to re build my social skills in big social environments), verbally abused and put down from ages 0-18 by narcissistic siblings and parents   these are things that effected me, and almost drove me insane   thoughts are just thoughts, if you can understand that then you will understand that you don't have to give into to them   unconscious thought patterns are only unconscious because you're so used to them, just like walking and talking, you don't have to try talk or walk, you just do it, you're a virtuoso of your first language   obvious one is not at fault for all of their thought patterns, as many thought patterns and beliefs are adopted because of culture, and TV, and other forms of monkey see monkey do type behavior   [Neuroplasticity](   you could start telling yourself today that your name is Jim and your from Alabama, and after a while you would believe it without even thinking   you believe your name is your name why? because you think it is   i'm not some person who was raised with great parents ignorantly spouting 'well man just get better self esteem'
0	Never said she shouldn't. People were downvoting because a spouse in this specific but fictional scenario we're discussing probably wouldn't leave her husband over this. Let me break the conversation down for you:     /u/N8theGr8 brings up the possible scenario where the victims actually stick up for the abuser. This is unfortunately common in these situations for a multitude of reasons.     /u/palindrome_is_not accidentally infers that the abusers wife would leave the abuser even though we were discussing the scenario in which it wouldn't make sense that she would do that because she is actually choosing to take the side of the abuser. /u/palindrome_is_not later edits his comment, explaining that he actually meant that the boyfriend would leave the girlfriend but used the word "divorce" because he forgot the meme said GF.
0	I agree with you, sort of. A lot of American's are very similar but  even more  Americans just seem bat-shit crazy and the difference there is blatant.   It's like if you went to a party with your brother. He brought his gun to show off, even though he had to borrow money to buy it, talked about how big it is and all the stuff he's shot, got drunk, called everybody 'faggot', asked guests if they'd accepted Jesus Christ as their lord and savior, pissed in the punch bowl, got into a fight with the guy who lent him money, stole a couple iPhones, hit on your girlfriend and begged you to hold the camera while he went streaking so he could youtube it with the label "look how few fucks I give!"   Would you really be happy when he threw his arm around you and said "there's no big difference between you and I"?
0	Just because it's not a genetic fact doesn't mean it's not a physical one. If black people bang other black people they will almost always have black kids with similar features. Why are we arguing about that?   Why are we fighting about whether "race" is real or not? It's real if people say it's real and know what you mean when they say it. If I said I like black people you'd know what i meant. If I said I like dark skinned people with dark eyes and dark hair that's a lot less descriptive. I could be talking about Mexicans, Indians, tan Asians, Native Americans, the list goes on.
1	Investing in a new server cost a LOT OF money. Shareholders are the one deciding the high investment and they do not care about operational decision-making like nerfing irelia or creating a new caracter. But riot can make some research,charts, etc ... to harvest the gold that could generate a East coast server.
1	this is my advice as a Silver 4 almost Silver 3 player. See, i play the top lane, and whether i win or not unless other lanes are feeding hard and they need help, i just keep pushing top no matter what. I main Renekton/Vladimir who both have good pushing power. If my tower goes down first, so be it. Normally people decide to roam after that. I dont, i stay in lane and try to get their turret + the next one and if my team is fighting sometimes i'll grab teleport and go down there to help and sometimes i dont.   If you're a mid lane try to choose someone with some global presence, like TF or Lux. I know you said you werent the best because you were in bronze. That doesnt really matter much, play when you're in atleast a halfway decent mood so all the raging doesnt get you to and you should be fine.   Now, If you end up jungling go someone go a great gap closer. Preferably someone whos tanky. Remember, if you think you can carry. Go ahead and take the kills, otherwise. GIVE LANE THE KILL. Unless you think they're gonna get away otherwise. Nasus, Maokai, Shen, Lee Sin, are my recommended junglers that dont get banned out alot. Malphite would be a great jungler aswell. Throw  zyra ult or sona or shen taunt into a Cass ult and BOOM you have some good CC there.   I dont bottom lane much but all i have to say if you diont know who you're laning with in terms of agression just play passive and then play off of them. If you're thinking of going back to buy. waste your remaining mana, push up the lane, and then go back. this way, if they see you go back they may decide to back with you and you will lose less experience. When i support i go support Janna. I rush a Philo and a Kages and and then get a sight stone. Though, i always get Sight and Vision wards in between all of that. I normally start off Biscuit, 60Min Ward, 4 Sight Wards, 1 Vision Ward, and then you have a choice of Potion. I normally get 2 health pots since i'm not a healer, though if you play someone like Alistar or Soraka i recommend 1 of each or 2 mana.
0	I don't think it's safe say that at all, what are we progressing to? Is it better than where we are coming from? or just different? Currently we have a fascination with making all of our images "HD" yet two hundred years ago the Daguerreotype's we were taking could be blown up 100X with out loosing any resolution. Resolution did become a problem until we invented and were only now getting back to the type of photo quality they had then. That's kind of a weird example but it's just one. It took us till the 1400's to get back to wear the Ancient Roman empire was with mathematics before it fell.   I think we associate our comfort level with progression, when something moves into our own personal comfort level we say "Finally the world has caught up to me." when another person with another threshold of comfort is going to say "what is the world coming to?!" OR "When is the world going to get a move on and make it into MY comfort level."
1	i also question myself this all the time. valid to remember, all vods of chinese games are on leaguepedia, i hate when people say "oh, its never on twitch, etcc", you can find all games. even if you dont understand chinese (like me), its perfectly enjoyable... but i wonder why riot dont cast it in english, and the answer is: The community itself dont want it. all posts and comments about chinese teams/players dont recieve upvotes, because the community is lazy to watch the game with no english casters. so they end up dont watching and dont like and dont commenting. You can see, after that zac pentakill gamewinning by PDD, no one gave a shit, about 30 comments in the post... but any play by madlife or insec, the post earn 200 comments... the community still thinks korea is better than chinese (maybe they have more chances to win, because of the meta and playstyle, yet, they are not better, chinese teams are more skilled and less flaws), so reddit will never give them proper atttention ( unless if OMG win the s3 worldchampionship ).
1	Exactly. Pretty much any of the popular supports shit on Kog for the first 20 minutes of the game. I actualy think that it's perfectly fine for supports to have a strong laning phase, but I think some ADs just have ridiculously weak laning phases. I think Rito is putting too much emphasis on damage values when trying to evaluate how weak a champs laning phase has to be to justify his lategame.   Lategame dps is not just about the damage part, but also about the "seconds" or time part, which is where especialy Kog has problems. Having an escape mechanism effectively gives you more dps because you survive and deal damage for a longer period of time. This is also where cast times and animations come into play. For example, Vayne, Twitch have all of their damage bound to their autoattacks. There is no additional animations they have to go through to put out the maximum amount of damage. Varus, Corki and Ezreal are the exact opposite, in that they have a lot of power bound to cast times and animations and need to go through these and "waste time" to deal the maximum amount of dmg. Cait, Lucian and Quinn (in that order) are somewhere in between casters and autoattackers, seeing as they have fairly long animations they need to go through, but also a fairly powerful autoattack steroid.   You could argue that early to late balancing being too much about the damage aspect of "DPS" is the reason why champions with a flatter powercurve are more effective. Cait, Lucian and Twitch are prime examples for this phenomenon. Only in rare cases like Ryze, Jax, Renekton, Vayne and Lee Sin a bigger amplitude in the power curve is worth it.
0	I work for a fire department. Being late is the main thing that you can fired for, so I have to be 30-15min early.   If the relief isn't early, you can get a call and be held over for 1.5-2hrs. It sucks.
0	Clearly you've never been in that situation - it's easy to say that when you've never actually had to DO it. And even still.. if you're able to do that, awesome. But most people struggle and I don't see the point in making their life harder.   Being overweight is really crap - it pretty much changes ever aspect of your life for the worse. And it's depressing.. man is it depressing. Oh and you know what an awesome temporary way to feel better is? Eat some nice foo-- aw fuck.   And while it's easy to put it on.. wow is it a slow process to get it off. So you have to do all the work for a long time while still being a fat person. AWESOME. Or not. The process does give some natural highs for sure as you start to see results, but remember you have that whole other 'life' thing going on.. so every time something crappy happens you don't have the vice you used to - ie, eating, because if you start again you might not stop..   Oh let's not forget people! You wouldn't think the same people who laugh at fat people would constantly be trying to shove food and drink down their throats would you? Well they do. It is amazing how much it matters to other people what you eat... and with everyone around you is saying "Oh go on, just one slice", or "It's just a few beers, no big deal man" it can be seriously hard to say no. These people are the biggest hurdle to get over. They want you to go out for dinner and drinks, come over for a beer, have a pizza, go to a BBQ.. and they always seem to take offence when you either decline because you don't want the temptation or if you show up but don't eat. You can't win.   The bottom line is there is nothing fun about being fat and there is nothing fun about losing weight. Once it's gone - that's awesome! But that road can be incredibly difficult to go down and as I said above.. I just don't see how making life even more difficult for those who are actually trying to change is helping anything.
1	Do you mean the enemy team were trolling you when they say "u mad?" or did you mean that the people on your team you were whining about in /all were the trolls?   Either way, you can report the enemy team for trolling you in the chat, just report them for "Negative Attitude" or "Spamming" because they were doing both really.   And reporting people who say "easy" at the end is because it's incredibly poor sportsmanship and is essentially just trolling the enemy team.   So... I find your post confusing. You're complaining about trolls saying annoying things in chat, but you defend trolls who say annoying things at the end of the match, and you're saying it should be fine for you to complain about your team in /all chat for the entire match which is something I would count as "spamming annoying things" because it's pretty annoying seeing somebody on the enemy team whine about how their team are bad.
0	Exactly this. A lot of people don't understand, however, that this does NOT apply to hamburger meat. The meat is likely composed of many different cows (if store bought). Even if it isn't, the increased surface area of everything in the middle of the burger - paired with the separation and grinding processes of the meat - allows for bacteria growth that anything cooked below Medium will simply not kill.
0	Absolutely workers Should have rights. But should the employer not have any in return.   The single largest point here is that you CHOOSE the company to work for. If the terms of the employment are not to your liking... then dont work there. If you cant find somewhere that has terms you are willing to agree to, start your own business. And once you reach that point... imagine having an employee who just isn't very good at their job... you want to get rid of said person so you can afford to hire someone who is. Now starts the process of having to document exactly how this person "isn't good" at their job... creating more overhead and expense. Just so you can move forward as the market changes, and the business changes. These kinds of issues can stunt or kill small business. Being flexible is important to these companies, but ultimately they will have to find someone willing to work for the terms they provide.
1	It took me 2 games, that I lost, to realize that Janna was one of my favorite and one of my best champions.   I love playing support, especially because I love the warding game and play-making ability but, I only play support when I have to (last pick) because support is one of the most difficult roles to carry a game and I'm confident on my ability to carry from the other lanes.   I only play Janna when someone says "Main Adc". I make a quick search and see if that player actually is good at Adc. I do this because not everyone knows how to play with a Janna support. You can't really do anything as Janna, other than playing as a hyper defensive support, if the other player is either not familiar with Janna or not familiar with the Adc role.   But yeah, I'm kind of a masochist for not playing the champions that I'm good with and instead play the ones I'm not so good.   So
0	To keep it short, I met this particular ex, we'll call her Sam, through a mutual friend. Our mutual friend, "Marty", worked at the restaurant she waitressed for. One night, while I was visiting the establishment with my friend, Nathan, the table we were next to created an obnoxious drunken mess as they left. Napkins and silverware everywhere. As Sam started to clean up the mess, Nathan socked me in the arm and stated that I should help her clean it up. So I did, thinking nothing of it. Cut to a few days later, I had a friend request on Facebook from Sam. She had found me through Marty and Nathan. Anyway, after many dates and more than a few long conversations, she admitted that her initial attraction to me was based on the fact that I had "willingly" helped her clean up the mess on that table next to us.
1	Personally, i love your stream when you sort of just talk about your decisions.   I think there was a period where you were playing a lot of orianna, or some champion that was new, and you were talking over why you were building the items you were based on how the character worked.   Basically, we just want inside your brain :P   We all know(or we should know) that you are an amazing and fun to watch player.   If you can't talk, you need good music. (see TRM/GMBob)   Humor is always a plus, but it's not standup comedy.   Edit: Duo Queue is Double the fun. Nhay Nguyen likes to duo with scarra or Aphromoo, and their banter is very entertaining.   If it entertains you, it will entertain us most likely.
1	I fail to see how putting this simple phrase is destroying the character with all the other improvements they are putting together. If they are really going to listen to the people most of then wouldn't care a little bit about the taunt. Just because a few people decided to be vocal about it doesn't exactly means that you're the majority.   If BRTT was really toxic to the point of being detrimental to the game Riot would just ban him as evidence wouldn't be lacking. He is just abuses this kind of stereotype of the "Taunting" guy and will taunt whenever possible just to catch some attention and that is why he is one of the biggest players in BR. Funny thing that you mentioned DoubleLift because he does exactly the same thing. It's a show.   About Riot BR. They do screw over sometimes (replay is dead for a long time here) but those initiatives are really something cool and the references that they manage to put on those voice overs don't affect the game in any way other than making you have a little laugh once in a while. All of those are really the only reason I keep my game in pt-br. Do you really want then to stop doing these kind of things and just translate stuff as is?   In the end of the day if you think that this single phrase is ruining the character you can just switch your game to english and enjoy the glory of the original content.
1	I main syndra and have tons of games with her. She's good because you get to be effective in skirmishes even after you have used your full burst. When fed enough you can easily oneshot a squish with q e r combo and if you land a good stun (which is pretty crucial actually) you can easily crush a small team fight almost by yourself. The team has to clean up but you can do all the "rough stuff".
1	To put it really short and sweet!   I play LoL because of the same reasons I keep on coming back to certain kinds of sports. The rules may be the same but one game is never the same as the next one and that is why it's such a great game.   You can start it at any given time during the day and be guaranteed to get atleast ~20 minutes of good entertainment.(I don't rage even in the face of defeat, so I enjoy it either way).   I'm a HUGE retro nerd and avid gamer of oldschool stuff and this made me go "WARBLGHLGHLHGLL" and start to drool excessively. PLEASE for the love of god and all that is holy, I don't care about free stuff, but let me play this. I will find you and be your slave should you deem me to be worthy.
1	Well where to begin...   Lets start with this little nugget:   Ryze    [00:08:59]    ?   Ryze    [00:09:20]    wtf   Ryze    [00:09:22]    Nice   Ryze    [00:09:23]    gg   Janna    [00:09:28]    mlkia dn mporoume na tous fame..   Vi    [00:09:30]    if you even say 1 more word   Vi    [00:09:31]    i report you   Here you could have EASILY just ignored ryze... unless you were talking to Janna in which case I have no idea what she said, but the same thing applies. After this comment you constantly spoke of ignoring people and complaining in all chat about your team. This is as we say in the States a, "Big No No."   As for the other games, you basically did the same things. Constantly threatening reports, complaining about others, so on and so forth.   Sorry to burst your bubble, but you did indeed deserve all of these reports. Now I'm not saying I'm perfect, but more often than not the only words I type in a game are gj    insert champ name here    and gg at the end of the game. Other than that its pings when I come in and when people should care.   Sorry if this is terribly formatted, it's probably my longest post to date.
1	I find that hourglass is the absolute best item for him.  The armor is nice for the extra tankiness, the ap is enough to add another 1% to his tears, and the proc is great for after using your ult.  You bandage grab in, turn on tears, ult, tantrum, and use hourglass right when your ult's effect wears off.  Your tears will still damage the enemies and nearly every time the whole team will target you immediately after your ult.
0	If only they came in the
1	This game is still a lot of fun for me. I've been playing since closed beta on NA. I've played on NA, EUW in Europe and now on the Korean server is Korea. I have lots of friends I play with and I have made lots of real life friend in Korea via LOL. One of my best friends I met at a bar and started hanging out with him. Didn't know he played LOL and one day found out he did. We started lanning and playing a lot. I met 2 people via friends on LOL and found out they live down the street from me, we hang out a lot. I was being trolled by Koreans, they can be super racist to foreigners, and he said, "You speak English? We should be friends." We hang out and go out and party sometimes. I love in housing and playing with my friends. I hate solo Q, f### that sh!t. The Korean solo Q can die and rot in hell lol. High skill cap players, ragers beyond all belief. They just clone whatever OGN does, even if they don't know how to play it correctly. I try to avoid solo Q and just play with my friends or have fun. It stresses me out too much. 15-1-7 mid the other day, lost cause our ADC was doing poorly and jungle/top duo afked cause we "lost" and we were only down 2 kills, 1 dragon and 2 towers. Ugh!
1	First off, IP bans aren't a solution. It's not difficult at all to circumvent.   Making a new account isn't exactly simple either - you start out at level 1 and at the  least  have to grind your way back up to 30. Don't just assume that everyone that gets banned immediately turns around and continues trolling.   Honestly, I think that people overestimate the troll issue and underestimate the impact that the Tribunal has had. Yes, it's difficult to measure its success rate - but you can't say it's not "doing its job" because there are still trolls. There will always be trolls. And you also can't assume these guys are trolling every single game. If they troll 1 in 20 and you happen to be in that 1 game, sure it'll look like a huge problem. The Tribunal doesn't judge off of 1 game, so obviously it will take some time for any action to happen - and only if its repeated.  The real culprit is the mentality that trolling is an acceptable solution for being butthurt about something, not the people that are griefing. Because of this, there will always be a cycle of people getting banned, and new problem people emerging.
1	The thing is that it's "abuse" would basically filter out more toxic players.   Lets face it, Would you do it game by game? No. How many players would actually do it? Arguably a small percent (although I am highly aware that even 10% is a considerable number in league terms). Why not raise the report bar a notch and make cases where players that verbally harass and are reported for it get prioritized?   In the grand scheme of things we already have a big example in our hands with this abuse idea:  Chat restriction.  Yes it's just chat restriction and anyways people mute the other players by default these days if they wanna keep their sanity, but it is in the state of being abused like mad.  How many posts do you see with the title "I got chat restricted for no reason rito fix". Not many I assume, and this isn't only reddit, forums are about the same thing; 1 or 2 posts about this but the rest is the same "Omg Riot matchmaking sucks gimme back my elo".
1	True they also have a much larger player base currently than WoW did at 6 months or a year. Also keep in mind that a year ago Riot GAmes was barely a company, now they have servers across the world and deal with running the second most popular online game in the world. (complete with a huge number of ignorant players who do nothing but bitch) When WoW was having problems blizzard was already a successful game studio.
1	Maybe you can teach your friends the hidden joys of playing more supporting roles? My friends play a great variety of champions, including tanks, junglers, and supports. They taught me how to play a carry first, but as we played more games, I simply felt compelled to try and fill these other roles as well. I am now a decent Singed tank and fulfill that duty with joy whenever needed. I find it quite satisfying being able to run into an entire team and simply troll the crap out of their team while my carries rake in the kills. I find satisfaction in these roles. My teammates also understand and appreciate the role a tank plays, and that really helps me feel the tank love.   I just picked up Janna and look forward to learning her. I am also grinding IP for a jungling rune page. I have Lee Sin, who I believe can jungle decently, and I hope to pick up Trundle sometime.
1	Played against it, then played it myself, then watched my diamond 1 buddy play it, then played against it again:     against: dude was challenger (broken teambuilder queue), dominated botlane and did a good job escaping most of my jungler ganks with warding and skillshots     myself: did really well in lane, my adc got ahead quite far without really stomping. enemy xerath mid was stomping, though, and i ended up being quite useless mid- to lategame     diamond 1 buddy: won botlane easily and by a huge margin, left the game with 19 kills and carried the game superhard from support...     2nd time against: teambuilder game, xerath was around my level of play. was lucky i picked braum. could negate most of the annoying poke + managed to bully him back since he´s squishy and hates braum Q. xerath was full useless mid/lategame
1	Piglet being on the team didn't force them to blind pick a kennen first pick. This game was down hill in champ select when they rushed into picking champs with blaring counters. You don't first pick kennen for the same reason  you don't first pick Katarina. Because the enemy builds a team full of displacements or stuns and your ace in the hole suddenly works FOR the enemy comp.   Edit: What I was trying to get at in the first place is that the next stop on the blame Piglet hype train is going to be how he brings down the morale of the team. I'm just saying that him sitting there on voice comms in the champ select lobby didn't cause TL to pick some of the worst matchups possible. Or give T8 multiple hard counters to choose from.
0	Fun story time. I'm at college and friend asks if I can help him pick up a couch from this lady on craigslist. He says he'll pay me ten bucks to do it. So we get to this lady's apartment and I'm waiting with my truck. He and another come out caring the most disgusting couch I have ever seen. We load up couch in the back of the truck, and then  it hits me. My gut releases a warning fart. Cursed methane to say 'you shouldn't have eaten that sushi today, you 2 minutes, go.' I run through my head of places to go, but I decide to ask the lady if I can use her restroom. I run up the stair to her apartment, bang on her door with sweaty palms. Every bit of my body was doing all it can to not shit myself.   I ask "guh, would it be weird if I used your restroom?" "Uh yeah?" She responded. terror washed over me and my face contorted under my self induced agony. " kidding, go right ahead" she finished. I pushed right pass her into the most disgusting place were (I'm told) people live. There was trash everywhere and rooms with blocked doorways filled with garbage. Also I'm pretty sure there was just a dead hamster just kind of laying there. The stench smelled worse than a 2 week old animal carcass. I get to her bathroom jerk the door shut, and as soon as my ass hits toilet, explosion. I have never before or since know any relief greeter than that, the only thing that comes kind of close is one time I went more than a month without jerking it or sex. Anyway after I'm done, I look around I see no toilet paper.  I went down the list of items I could use; hand no, towel no, shower curtain no. Then a light went off in my brain.   What is the one thing in a bathroom that women have fucks tons of? That's right maxi pads and tampons, I grab a big clean wad of pads. Wipe, first discovering that there is in fact a very sticky side to the pads (ripped out some hair). I finish and flush, and toilet starts to clog. I don't care, I run out to my truck and leave. That friend of mine end up having to through away that couch that day because it was so nasty. He paid 40 dollars for it. I dropped my ten somewhere., I guess that's what I get or something.
0	While I do agree with you on the overall point, TECHNICALLY, as long as the portion after "
1	in the older days we have neat stuff as "caitlyn flash" or "caitlyn ez q juke's" atleast many small plays. these days we have   mr huge dick said this, and miss vagina liked it on facebook.  Dr. rito didn't like it, so mr huge dick's dog got fined for shitting on the couch.  it was wierd how rekkles kept typing an apology/cry wall of text whenever he lost a game.  and posted every game he won.   i think you get where i'm going with this.   i want lol related stuff, from the game.  not random wierd weeaboo shit some people does
1	I think barrier is gonna play a huge roll in the future of ADC. With the buffs to Tenacity, you're going to have a bruiser on you at some point. Kiting is going to be really important, but I feel that Barrier will help you survive the initial dive to be able to kite.   I think BotRK will probably replace BT in the core to help keep sustain up especially with the Nuke/Slow/Heal active.   With Barrier, Item Actives, and AS/MS nerfs, they have raised the skill cap for an ADC to be able to battle it out.   Not sure what supports will run but item, gold, and mastery changes mean they will have a much bigger impact on the game. Particularly since the ADC is going to need the backup.   My guess is bruisers will dominate until the skill average raises. Maybe even being a different game in low elo. Triple Bruisers? Nid/Jayce instead of ADC? Beats me but seems exciting. Sorry for the rant.
1	When I first saw Talon's Crimson Elite skin, I was like : "What the fuck is this space opera power ranger shit?!", and I also had that sort of reaction at Riven's version. But then I thought about it a little, and if they can keep the concept going for the other characters who are no doubt going to have this type of skin, it is going to be quite hilarious to have that sort of uniformed power ranger team. It is sort of a unique 90'ish style.   They should just be careful to not drop the ball on the aesthetic like they did with Commando Lux, who doesn't really seem to fit in with the other Commandos. Maybe she is like special forces or some shit or some special type of officer or whatever, but I think I would have preferred a look that was more unified with the other commandos like this one made by ChiZ:
1	I know it will fix the current issue but only for LoL. The rest of my system will need to be tweaked to accommodate the change which I don't want to have to do. Then when I add my tthird monitor we will have a bunch more problems.  That's why I need to control the positioning manually. Wasn't trying to sound like a dick but his
0	OK. I'll tell my story.   A few years back I grew out my beard and had hair past my shoulders. I also wore a plain gray (but really warm) hoodie. I went out one day not looking my best but not horrible either.  As I'm walking I come up on a homeless Guy facing the opposite direction. As he turns around he begins to ask me "can you spare some change. "  in mid sentence he stops and says quote "my bad brotha, you know how it is." Needless to say I got a shave and a haircut the next day.
1	To be honest his ult isn't that hard to dodge, you also get a decent warning for when he's entering a team fight or initiating. If it's possible, just sit back with a stun and wait for him to ult in. Also for someone that never has played Pantheon this makes me legitimately scared for future reworks on other champions. It seems like Riot is trying to get us to stop playing (maybe I'm over exaggerating).
0	It's quite interesting, there is this guy that comes into my store that barely speaks english.  When he does speak english it's very broken and slow.  It reminds me of a mentally handicapped english speaker.  I, as a regular clerk/giver of zero fucks (while at work) just assumed he was mentally handicapped.  A new guy started recently and was able to speak the customer's native language, I had him help him with the usual stuff I would do for said customer.  After the customer paid for his merchandise I asked the new guy, "How was it", expecting an exasperated, "Oh yeah" in return.  Instead the new guys was confused and said that he may sound dumb in English, but in Spanish the guy spoke fluently and with a normal train of thought.
1	That quote from Guardsman Bob is particularly interesting to me. There's a guy I know who plays DotA2 and keeps bringing up how LoL's teamfights last for ages as a criticism - like, yeah, do you not want the most intensive and engaging part of a game to last longer?   Just a note about Cinderhulk being OP atm - I think it's good for some new things to be OP at release as it encourages people to use and learn them. Now, as Cinderhulk gets trimmed back, people are going to start slowly moving away from tanks but will still be remember and be aware of the strengths of tanks.
1	Hey for future reference most of us in the states read our dates MM/DD/YYYY some might be confused from the dates you put.
0	There's your problem. Even top tier applicants have to apply to 15+ schools. It's expensive, definitely, but in the long run it's more expensive to apply to only a handful, get rejected, and have to reapply subsequent years.   I'm sure you already know this but with a small number of schools like that it's not even about your metrics anymore. There are simply much more qualified applicants and there are seats, so sometimes you get binned just because you were the unlucky one that got tossed away.
0	Call Verizon, tell them your Motorola phone has this "weird issue where people can hear me but I can't hear them."  Be prepared for Tier 1 support then you get to Teir 2.  They will call you on your phone to test. You can act deaf right?   This whole process will take at least an hour and you have to be prepared to do a full master reset as a part of troubleshooting so back up your shit ahead of time.   I can't promise anything, but if you're not a dick (hint, actually joke with the person) and the tech recognizes that you fit the criteria then you should be able to take part.   Big caviot: you can't have physical damage to the phone (don't try pretending that your screen isn't busted because you WILL get charged for it on the back end), and the phone has to be a Motorola device of the Razr persuasion.
1	Yeah i used to play SC2 which is basically 100% what they based the new leagues off of and they seem to have forgotten that in the SC2 ladder system the more games you played in a season generally the likelihood of you being demoted ( or promoted) goes down.  The more games you played the more concurrent losses it took to be demoted, however since as your elo rises you were matched against roughly the same elo players( elo is also hidden in SC2 from players) if you were to hold even just a 51% winratio for a significant time, chances are you are playing against players in a higher league and will be promoted.  The higher you winrate the higher the likelyhood you will be promoted.
0	I believe, from my understanding, the issue taken by conservatives about, say, gay marriage and abortion is not actually about being "anti-gay" or "pro-life"   The issue is, in a private church or hospital, a priest or doctor should have the right to not provide a service. A priest in a private church can choose not to provide same-sex marriages, and a doctor in his own private clinic can choose not to provide abortions. You would't protest wal-mart and demand they start selling cars would you? Point being: You can't force a private entity to sell or not sell certain items. If you want an abortion, go to such and such hospital that will provide one, and alike for same-sex marriage.   So the issue isn't "This is immoral - lets make it illegal!" The issue is "If a private entity does not want to provide a service or good, they do not have to."   That being said, government should be left out of it.
1	TF W+ TF E+ Lich Bane.   His items were Rabadons Deathcap, Zhonyas Hourglass, Morellonomicon, Lich Bane, and Mejais (Likely 20 Stacks).   This means the gold card had a base damage of 175%xTF's base AD, with 175 Base Damage (He's level 17, assuming E max 3rd), and a 155% AP scaling.   Twisted Fate's base AD will be 102, giving him 102 Physical Damage, and 76 Magic Damage (Due to Lich Bane). TF's AP will be (assuming 21/X/X with all AP damage dealing masteries maxed out) 120+120+80+80+180+15+15+6 or 616, which multiplied by 1.43 is 880 AP. With a 155% AP Scaling, this equates to 1364 Damage.   Twisted Fates Total Damage right now is 1440 Magic Damage and 102 Physical Damage. With Havoc, its is now 1483.2 Magic Damage and 102 Physical Damage.   Yasuo has no MR (assuming he is not running MR runes), leading to him only having his 30 base MR. TF gets 28 effective MR on Yasuo after factoring masteries, and only 5 effective MR on Yasuo after factoring runes. That is basically 5% effective HP against TF's magic damage burst. Yasuo has 1416 HP (keep in mind Yasuo has taken some damage), with a 215 shield on passive.
0	Basically scheduling means that you schedule people based upon call outs. There is so much software out there that tracks attendance over years and says that on September 6th, you will likely have X number of employees call out, which means you then add staffing on those days that seem to average larger callouts.
0	It's a sign of the times. If you're younger than 25 you probably don't remember the Bill Gates who ruthlessly ruled at Microsoft. MS was a feared giant who would stomp on their competitors throats no matter how small or large they were.   There was a lot of carry over feelings in an older generation from those days, however, Bill Gates has since done so much for the world with his foundation. The intensity he once put into crushing his competition is now put into crushing polio, malaria, famine, etc which is why he is able to achieve so much where others were stagnant.   Steve Jobs on the other hand had always been the same, a hardass with unflinching standards who was a fantastic marketer and visionary (though his vision of the future of computing was vastly different than Gates).
1	Also, you can go to your "game.cfg" folder in your Riot Games folder to manually turn off "ShadowsEnabled" and set it equal to 0. You can also set "PerPixelPointLighting" to 0 and it shouldn't create any noticeable change. "EnableGrassSwaying" can also be turned to 0 if you want.
1	tsm makes so few mistakes, that once they get an advantage they rarely lose it. by that metric, mfs weakness is that she falls off late game(in the context of high elo/ tourney play). this is because her ult requires channeling which at 40 miniutes will do far less damage than just autos effectively reducing her to 3 skills in most situations. as well part of what makes her early game so strong is not only that double up allows for out of range pokes but it also resets the attack so you can get an auto off then immediately double up for more dmg.
1	I worked for a free-to-play gaming company (that will remain unnamed) with a similar business model to Riot's  for a few years, so I can provide some insight.   Each in-game item released generates revenue. On average, it takes anywhere between a few days and 3 weeks to create an in-game item (including art and programming, which usually are not done at the same time). (Super awesome items and super easy items go well above or well under that estimate.)   In the end, the cost of employees' salaries + office space + electric + legal + marketing + misc + time spent creating in-game items = 30-50% of gross profit. This makes for a net profit of 50-70%. That's huge. (This isn't per-item exactly. The company consistently releases X number of items each month and the profit is calculated from that. Of course there are items that out-perform other items, but in the end everything balances out.)   My company does have a merchandising department... and it's a drain. It takes 2-3 employees to run every single day (and that's not counting customer service emails, those stay with the CS department which is being paid for by the in-game item equation).   On average, a t-shirt takes about 1-3 weeks to design by the art department, then 1 week to receive a test print from the printing company (if it's local... not local takes 2 weeks or more), if the sample was perfect (and it never is. the colors are always a little off and need tweeking) the you authorize the order, if it's not perfect you wait for another sample, then after it's authorized it takes at least 2 weeks to receive the large shipment of shirts. Fans want an awesome shirt of X? It'll be 4 weeks MINIMUM (more likely 3 months) before fans will even be able to put in an order. And this is if it's rushed. The art department doesn't have time to sacrifice one person to work on a shirt for a full week right now. These things have to be planned.   Plushies are another thing entirely. You have an awesome 3D design of the plushie you want? Ok, now find a plushie company that can replicate it using the fabrics you want, make it look just as cute, and make it not cost $100 per unit. The nose is the hardest to replicate - the more detailed you want it, the more it costs. Found it? The company will want a base order of 10,000 units or more. They're made in China, so you have to calculate shipping into the cost per unit. It ends up being about $6-20 per plushie, depending on quality and detail and lots of other things. Fans won't pay more than $X for a 6" plushie, or $Z for a 10" plushie. And the more reasonably priced you make it for your fans, the deeper you're cutting into the profit margin. (Remember the 2-3 people only work the merch department? this is supposed to pay their salaries.) Want to get them made in the USA? You'll pay a lot more.   Action figures are entirely different. You have to find a sculptor who can make it for you. Do you want the figure to have movable parts that require joints (arms, legs, neck)? Will the sculptor make you a mold or do you have to get it made elsewhere after you get the prototype? Will he make an unpainted and painted prototype? (You have to mail the unpainted + mold to toy factories for estimates. The painted prototype is to see if the colors you chose will look like what you're imagining.) 1st estimate too high? Send the stuff over to factory #2. (To avoid the back and forth mailing to other countries, my company hires an outside consultant who lives in China and will work with the toy factories and gather estimates and do some quality control before they manufacture X,000 units. You also need an awesome artist to design the box. You have to buy a UPC code, make sure you include all the warnings on it, get the action figure tested and approved for X ages and up. It takes over a year (I don't remember exactly how many) to get an action figure from a concept sketch to ready to sell. 3 -5 months for the prototype and another 8-12 or more to get the final shipment.   Oh and in case you're wondering, the plushie designer, t-shirt company, and scultor have questions and need a reply ASAP unless you want to push back the due date.   In the end, the merch department's profit margin is very low. It has huge costs up front and no profit until you're almost or totally sold out. We're guaranteed X sales for every item because there are players who are such huge fans that they will buy every single item even if they hate it, but sometimes merch will sit in the warehouse room (did you think it fit in the regular office space??) for over a year and longer. Eventually it will sell out, but after the initial spike in sales after release, old merch moves VERY slowly.
1	Support main here. As much as I appreciate your kind words, I'm getting a little tired of hearing support mains are the best and most kind-hearted players ever, which seems to be an overabundant circlejerk in this subreddit.   Do we get bitched at? Yes it happens. Do we make plays? Yes we are able to. Do we fuck up and get out-traded in lane sometimes? Yes we do that too. Are these traits only exclusive to the support role? Absolutely not. That shit happens to every laning role out there.   People keep saying that picking a support in solo-queue is followed by teammates automatically raging at you. If that happens, play well enough so that you can prove your worth. If they still can't see the value of your role, then grow a thick skin, and play out the game to the best of your abilities so you can win.   Every other role has their difficulties too. Junglers need to keep track of lanes and objectives, and a failed response to a gank request from some lane usually results in that lane hating your guts. A first blood in top lane usually results in the top laner being trashed on by teammates, and a lane snowballed against them. ADCs require some of the most mechanically demanding skills in order to perform well, and if they get ganked a lot, their late game is gonna be that much harder to reach. Mid laners are always keeping track of each others' movements on the map, since an MIA mid means an impending gank. If lanes fail to notice an MIA from their mid, they will despise their mid for not providing notice earlier, when they could've kept track of the map and ward themselves.
1	redeys25 No, this is because there has been a massive boost in members on LoL. Riot did already know that the servers as they are now can not host to that many users as is needed and they bought more servers to be added to the the existing. The new servers are in frankfurt and the main reason for them not to add the servers ( I saw in a red post that they will do it in the off-season(in a topic about why we the Europeans had to use US servers in ranked games)) is that it would take about 1.5 - 2 days to add theese servers and check everything before they could open the servers. Here I am left with a feeling that theese 4 days could have been avoided if they THREE months ago would have added those FUCKING servers that they have. I can only have disrespect when talking about Riot because they should have known that more users were inevitable when DreamHack is the largest Lan in the world and people watch it. Riot does also have employees from Europe who are well aware that school is almost over - or over for most people here in Europe. ( for their main target - the 15- 20 year olds). So Riot are fucktards when it comes to this because this shitstorm could have been avoided three fucking months ago, now they have to listen to this shit till they have those 1.5 - 2 days downtime.
1	Same,but I only adc on blue side and I always win when I adc on blue side. As soon as i go on purple i have to unlock cam and then I'm like "should i position my champion or position my cam" since i can't do both and orbwalk. I just suck as purple side adc, but i honestly have beaten platinum ADCs when i am on blue side even if they had a good match history record.
1	Bullshit. LCS and competitive gaming is a huge investment from Riot, and a huge advertisement campagin. It also keeps a lot of dedicated players playing just due to the motivation to become a pro one day.   I agree, the players definitely have SOME value, but honestly its like 1/1000th of peyton manning's value to a league.... That's why they get a $25,000 check instead of $20MM.  I actually agree and think the LCS  should  unionize, but they wouldn't have anywhere near the bargaining power of the tradtional sports' players unions.  (But still very worth unionizing anyway, together they have more bargaining power than individually).   >Not only that, but a lot of redditors and players have stated that watching LCS is what keeps them here, and that they barely even play League.   I think RIOT is most concerned about the people who spend $ on their product and new potential customers that may one day spend $ on their product.  RIOT doesn't make any $ off of people who just enjoy league and watch it.  I don't think even .1% of RIOT's annual profit comes from streaming revenue. (like you said LCS is purely a marketing vehicle).   And thats the crux of it.  The sport is like 100% of the NFL's profit.  The LCS is merely a marketing tool for league of legends.
1	I played with trolls, feeders, dc'ers, but still was 1300ish elo with 7 wins and 3 lose after my first 10 games and I don't consider myself as a super carry player. Just remember, this is a "Team Morale" game, if your team has a good morale and energy, the odds are you are going to win.   You have map awareness? Ping and warn your team when they get ganked. You jungle? Make sure to capture objectives, everyone in your team will feel better if you get the first baron after a negative early game. Don't rage at your team, it's only going to make it worst for both you and them.
0	It must really suck hearing that your child will not or does not want to have children. Imagine being an adult and your great grandparents or something came to the country to help future generations live better like yourself. You carry a name from generations to be where you are. A branch on the family tree. Hearing that the person can't have kids or won't have kids is cutting everything that was built up till that point off... The end of the branch. It is your decision though. The way I also like to think about situations like gays adopting is that they are a branch that may end with them but they are helping a branch on a tree that is expected to not go further. They are sacrificing their branch for the chance in someone else's branch on a different tree to grow. It's absolutely amazing.  At the end of the day though it's up to you.
0	I had these, A LOT, but not anymore. They're gone along with my anxiety and socially akward penguinism. I wrote about my experiences to give some advice to a redditor suffering from depression, but the text applies to this brain malfunction just as well.   I'll just splash the whole text here, slightly modified. The relevant part to this discussion is at the bottom, but I can't really leave anything out because I feel it all ties in. I'm still finding out exactly how, so please give me feedback if you find my ramblings relevant, or if you think I'm full of shit.     Unless you are a psychopath, you DO have feelings, you have just denied or forgotten them. After more than a decade of numbness, I found mine again when I was helped to realize that my feelings are legitimate, because I am the only one experiencing them. No one can deny them, because no one else is having them, they are yours alone.   Do not try to compare your problems to anyone else's. "Sure, I might be depressed to the point of suicide, but how about those starving kids, and junkies, and all the other people who have it so much worse than me, I have no right to complain!" This is the biggest mistake you can make and absolute lunacy. Your suffering is not dependent on other people's suffering, Do not justify or rationalize your suffering away, it is real and serious because you feel it. That is the only measure for it. Are you allowed to try to be happy only when you become the saddest person alive?   If you feel like you should be helping others before yourself, remember that pretty soon you will be no good to anyone, if you do not help yourself first. You'll burn out.   You do not have to become selfish, you just have to recognize your limits, and to set boundaries. You can be selfish in a healthy way, listen to your feelings on this one. It empowers you, it feels amazing if you're not used to it, and you'll be in a position to help others even better, when there is real need.   You can still help others as much as you can, within the limits, but your utility to others cannot be the only source of your sense of worth. What will happen to you if you get into an accident and become dependent on others? Will you become worthless? Do you think your friends and family only have worth to you so far as they can benefit you? Do you think they think this way about you?   No, you have worth as is, straight out of the package. Realizing this will not prevent you from getting "addtional value" for helping others, it will only make it easier. You can't really love others unless you love yourself first. (sounds cheesy, but it happens to be true.)   My reaction to feelings of saddness and fear, even affection, had been to deny them when they arose, because that's what I had been taught to do (by whom or what, I do not know, and it doesn't even matter). I had to cling on to the fake image of myself I was showing everyone, and that fake me did not have real feelings. "All is well with me!" Smile, joke, wink wink. You know what I'm talking about.   Showing feelings was to lose control, and I never lost control. I thought telling others you had feelings was like giving them poker chips, power over you, but life is not a motherfucking game. Life is what happens here and now, and it's too short to be afraid of silly games that do not even exist. It's too short for suffering for naught.   Once you realize this, you will become fearless. You realize there is no stake in showing or talking about feelings, and if people laugh at you, you will know that it's because of what THEY feel, it has nothing to do with you, it can't touch you. If they're uncomfortable with it, it's because they are the same way as you.   In some aspects, you are the sum of your experiences, so the reason for your numbness will be found in your past. Face it. Face it honestly. What I did was to write down my whole life with no target audience in mind but myself (to stay honest, you are not trying to impress anyone, you are trying to write your life down honestly). Honesty is the key, lying to yourself makes as much sense as cheating in solitaire.   What had really happened in my life, and how did it make me feel? Why do I lack so much emotional context in my memories? I bawled like a baby writing that. You can swallow a whole lot of shit in your life, and if you never face it, you will drown in it.   Your undealt past is where the shameful thoughts come at night to keep you awake, the ones that make you constantly seek some activity to keep your brain busy, or to blur your thoughts with drugs like alcohol.   You have to face your past and yourself without fear, because there really is nothing to fear. You can not change what has happened, but you can change how you feel about it. The past has no power over you other than that which you give it.   When you get there, start being honest about the feelings that arise within you. Do not fight them or deny them. Let them come, notice them, and decide what you want to do with them. You do have that power. Just keep an eye on yourself.   Oh, one last thing, remember that anger, too, comes from within you, it does not come from outside. World politics, gender issues, whatever gets you raging, is not actually the source. The source is in you, and you can train yourself to separate the feeling from the issue.
1	OH GOD  after 4 games i have never fell behind in jungle with no xp runes neither with masteries. I tried Lee, Ram, Gp and Skarner.   Jungle is much easier now and i like that the olny thing i miss is counterjungling which seems to be less painful for the enemy (expect maybe when you steal the enemy buff).  Ganks require some more thought i agree but again i like that. I was always a jungler who was ganking when either it was neccesary or the enemy was a free kill pushing like a moron. In other cases i was just focusing on "attacking" enemy jungler. And as i said i will miss it  Also i will miss the feeling of awesomeness when i was i my jungle till i had ~3k and then returning to base. Now it seems much easier to sustain yourself.
0	I personally enjoy how rambunctious American theaters are. I spent a summer living with a host family in Japan between high school and college. Up until that point I was reasonably sure that I wanted to live in Japan. I had had the greatest time of my life until one day I recognized that I had no place in their society and that I needed to leave as soon as possible.   I went to go see the 300 in theater's there. I had watched The 300 in American theater's before leaving for Japan and it was one of the greatest cinematic experiences of my life, trumped only by the opening night of Snakes on a Plane. There was cheering, yelling, clapping, manly grunting, and horns thrown throughout the movie from the whole audience. After the movie two people felt so testosterone filled from the movie they fought in the parking lot for no reason other than the experience of it and became great friends afterwards.   The Japanese experience was...different to say the least. The theater was sold out and packed. Not a single person made a sound throughout the entire movie. Everyone sat and stared face forward. There was no clapping, no cheering, not even a gasp or a laugh uttered throughout the whole thing. I couldn't believe it. I then thought back to all the times people told me to be quieter, to not laugh so loud, to be less...American while I had been there. It fit. Japan was too subdued. I couldn't live there. I had to come to America where we are free to express ourselves at the screen.   If you don't like people getting into the movie then watch at home or go to Japan. I go to a theater or out in public in general as a social experience and I treasure those small interactions that you don't get elsewhere in the world.
1	Thresh is in my opinion, fine. IIRC, his winrate isn't anything out of the ordinary. He is always considered strong because he has a bit of everything in his kit. I think a lot of people who complain about champs being OP, despite winrates etc showing otherwise are just annoyed that they dont know how to play against them.   Using Thresh as an example, sit behind minions, poke. If you're Leona and you're worried about him flaying your e, it means he has to sit pretty much on top of his ADC, which allows for free aoe poke from your ADC and reduces the total area that the enemy bot can deal damage from. But I never see people do this. They step out from behind minions just for a second, and get hooked, because that's the opportunity Thresh was waiting for.  Or they two on two all-in with Caitlyn/Janna vs Thresh/ Draven.
1	The problem is not that Riot is bad at making patches, and that's why files are being corrupted.  The reason that files get corrupted or fragmented are because of the way hard drives work.  When trying to put files onto a hard drive, they are put into a specific sector.  However, when stuff is added and removed, there are sometimes smaller sections of your hard drive left open that are not quite big enough for a whole file, but leaving them empty would drastically reduce the effective size of your hard drive.  To fill these up, the hard drive essentially puts part of the file there with a pointer to where the rest of it is.  This is a bit of oversimplification and isn't technically right, but it gives you the right idea.   Another problem is that even with a good internet connection, if you send the same file 5 times in a row to someone, each time they receive it, there will be slight differences from packets lost or malformed.  While most algorithms do their best to account for this, even with the best Internet connection you can get there still is a potential for stuff to become corrupted.
0	When I was younger, this zero tolerance crap existed in my school, not sure if as much in others.   We were all walking into class when a moderate dick at the school stops at random. I try to find a way around him, and I accidentally flat-tire him. He thought I kicked him in the shin deliberately and full-force pushed me into a nearby desk. Being caught off guard, I scramble to my feet and nudge him with a "the hell?" look. I try and go to lightly kick his leg and he grabs mine.   I then got detention for a week.
0	But by smacking him and telling him to stop being a bitch. Isn't he just your bitch now? Continuation of the cycle.  /s   I had a friend like that. He's now getting married and is his fiancé bitch. But his fiancé  is nice and doesn't take advantage of him in a bad way. So it's OK and I'm happy for him.
1	I agree that black shield is fine as support because the base shield isn't too tough to pop. The problem I have with it is that a Morg top or mid can render magic damage  and  CC irrelevant. The argument for Morg's balance has always been "just get magic damage and pop the shield." But her shield can get pretty ridiculous late game with AP items...   I mean, I think complete CC immunity on a non-ultimate spell that you can cast on ANY ally is a pretty dumb thing in league anyways, since it renders certain champs irrelevant, but adding a 500 magic damage shield on top of that is over the top. I feel that nerfing the AP scaling on Morg's shield is pretty much required at this point, because right now she can make the initial burst of mages pretty much irrelevant come late game. Especially if the mage in question depends on cc to reliably land the combo, like Ahri.
0	You're radically oversimplifying the mental and emotional state of mind that people who are driven to this kind of behavior are in. They are at rock bottom. This goes well beyond just being a "socially awkward" person; this isn't a "pull yourself up by your bootstraps" moment that they can brush off with just a little can-do spirit. This is a level of depression and utter lack of the ability to  feel  anything that is incomprehensible to anyone that is even somewhat well-adjusted. They hurt so bad that they've literally gone numb to all sensation. They are husks.   They don't try to "change" because they don't know how, and probably have lost the ability to even  care . These are people who didn't just wake up one day in a really bad mood - the seed was probably planted at an age where they were too helpless to comprehend it, and it was left unchecked throughout their lives. They weren't able to develop the same tools that you may have been lucky enough to develop, and are penalized for it constantly either through the condemnation from their peers or being treated as an outcast within their own family (even if their intentions are good). They go through life literally feeling as if they exist within a glass case for all to gawk and prod at, and feel as if they're unable to make any connection with another human being where they are seen as an equal, but instead as some kind of odd sideshow.   Their parents don't know how to handle them, so they become increasingly hands-offish. Just pump them full of pills, give them a big forced smile whenever they enter the room to try and hide their own discomfort, and give him canned lines of "encouragement" that only makes him feel more and more removed from the only people who he should be able to feel comfortable around. This makes him even more introverted, and he becomes more and more distanced from the only people who should be there to help him. Friends, if he's lucky to have any, are most likely superficial relationships at best that he clings to because he has nothing else, but wouldn't dare tell them how we actually feels....and if he does, they probably won't  really  understand.   He's alone. He doesn't know what he's supposed to do, or why he feels this way. He hates himself  so  much, but is terrified for people to know that. He hides it, but it manifests itself in wierd ways that, ironically, makes him even more miserable. He quickly becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy where he starts doing things he hates just to give himself more reason to hate himself. He's caught in this cycle and has no idea how to break it, and wishes every morning he would just die because it seems like the only way out. He starts developing this deep sense of apathy as a sort of mental defence to protect himself from his own hatred of himself. Can't hate yourself if you can't  feel , right? But now it's even worse, because now you can't even enjoy the tiny moments in the day that gave you the smallest escape from yourself. So now what? Nothing. You're at rock bottom. And once you reach this place,  nothing  matters anymore. Morality and compassion no longer exist to you, you are numb to  everything . Nothing...matters.   I'm not making excuses. I'm not even saying that this was what he was experiencing personally. I'm giving you...my own experience. I've been to that edge to where your mind is so far gone that you could contemplate something horrific. If just a few knobs were tuned a little differently, perhaps I've could have been this kid at one point in my life. It takes a huge amount of energy to hold youself back from crossing that line where you've completely given up, it's mentally, emotionally and even physically  exhausting . It doesn't surprise me that a lot of people don't have the strength to maintain themselves when liberating yourself completely is such an appealing alternative. I've been reading a lot of comments since this tragedy, and I see a lot of people blaming irrelevant things like guns, video games, lack of faith/religion, not taking personal responsibility, etc. It's really none of those things. It's not even bullying, honestly. What it is, is a simple lack of understanding and narrowmindedness, and the failure of every single person in that kid's life to guide him onto a healthier path before he got caught within a vicious cycle that he himself really didn't understand. One person could have prevented this kids entire self-destuctive path, and by extention, the lives of all of those who were killed. Again, I'm not defending his actions, but it's just too easy to say that he should've had the state of mind to "not be a freak". The whole point is that his state of mind was a complete wreck.
1	That may be. I've put in almost 150 ranked games already.   In regards to playing more, my girlfriend typically works for only 4 hours so I may play two more hours on the weekend than I do on the weekdays.   My main character (Ahri) I have the following average according to my ranked stats:   Wins: 17 | Losses: 19 | Win percentage: 47.2% | Average Kills per game: 5.6 | Average Deaths per game: 3.1 | Average Assists per game: 7.9 | Average CS per game : 143.1   My second character (Rumble) I have the following according to lolking: Wins: 24 | Losses: 16 | Win percentage: 60% | Average Kills per game: 5.6 | Average Deaths per game: 3.8 | Average Assists per game: 7.1 | Average CS per game : 144.9
1	OP really wants a 10 second
1	Being an active tournament player sounds extremely stressful. Fuck the haters, on any Twitch stream there'll be a bunch of assholes saying that anyone who ever makes the slightest mistep or overconfident play should kill themselves, and there's a reason that they're spreading negative energy in chat and you're one of the better known junglers in North America. Me and my friend were practicing shoutcasting and we saw you mid playing Ahri, and you did a damn good job.
0	Scroll to the bottom for actual examples.
0	Detroit vs NYC vs Charlotte](   Detroit and a comparable city and the biggest US city. You can see Detroit comes out on the bottom of every category. However, Charlotte and NYC could be outliers.   [Detroit vs NYC vs Charlotte vs Pheonix vs Austin vs Chicago](   Wolfram gives less detailed data as you increase the sample size, but you can see that Detroit comes out on the bottom more often than not.
1	That's part of her champion design, really. As much as I'd  love  a buff to her movespeed, Anivia honestly doesn't need one.   Anivia fits into the meta quite nicely, despite having low mobility. Her kit is built around the concept of an immobile CC/burst damage powerhouse of a mage.   With a 6 second wall, an AoE/channel attack/movement speed slow, a Q that stuns/slows in a medium AoE and deals damage on both impact and detonation, as well as a passive that allows her to go full ham without the worry of low movement speed for escaping, Anivia is a prime example of a well-made champion design.   Adding to all this, the fact that her E deals double damage to a single target (yes, it crits) if procced by her ult or Q gives her insane amounts of trade/burst potential throughout early/mid/late game when coupled with her other abilities.
1	I try to explain to my team that a 250g trinket will pay for itself with one pick we get OR one pick we prevent. Some times it works, some times it doesn't
1	I have to say, this has happened to me at least 6 times before (in the reverse of the OPs post, IE that I join they try and force me on mumble, I go on, they are terrible at the game, I comment, they try and blame me.)   I now, after 3 straight feeding teams, refuse to go onto mumble. The reddit guys while fun in chat, are god awful in game. 90% of the time someone is below 30 with like less than a week of the game played and then we get dominated. Or they have no concept of map awareness, when to push, when to do certain elements of the game etc.   If you tell me I have to use mumble, I leave now, its not worth my time to play with 4 complete noobs.
1	I side with Thorin in this view. It's nice that you say you are sorry, but more important than apologizing is... don't do it again.   If you prove yourself to be a good guy, are nice to people around you, and don't say rude stuff, slowly peoples respect will build up. Your past will then be forgiven as people move on.
0	That's why I'm starting I hate reddit. At first it didn't bother me. But now it's obvious that upvotes happen not because of relevant content but by posting popular opinion, if you go against the grain expect to be downvoted to oblivion.  It's obvious when people jump on a bandwagon to swim in a sea of karma while not posting anything of use. It's funny how most redditors seem to think this is the best and most pure form of the Internet. I disagree.
1	I played WoW, for a long while, successful guild too, we had girl gamers in our guild. Guess what, they integrated in our guild, they didn't create their own elite pve raiding guild which stated "girls only". We had fun with them, they had fun with us, and there was mutual respect.   Thing with team siren is that their promotional video is so bad, that there is an entire bandwagon about it. There is another asian girls team, something with angels? that's a much better presentation video.
1	I see so how is you multi million dollar company coming along? They are doing there best they can and they arent gonna hire john doe off the street who doesnt know a thing about pc's like some companies and at least they dont out source everything to india. The back burner topic is plague by every company obviously you never played wow and there have been times when the whole game as down for days where no one could play because of an issue so every company has those issue and wow is still down for 3-5 hours every tuesday for matience. You said you dont want free IP then why are you bringing it up, time when it has gone down i have gotten like 5-10 game IP boosts but I dont really care if I had it or not. 3 topic you brought up is slow tech support, I havent heard many horrible stories but most are taken care in a day or two I am sure that have more than a few issue a day to address. Server issues are server issue see topic 1 anwser.
0	Well, first, if you are in a 55 zone going say 60 to pass other cars going 55-59, you're goin to hold up traffic for a significant period of time that has a ripple effect far past what you perceive as a "minor annoyance" to your tailpipe turd. Essentially, you could be backing up traffic for thousands behind you because you think you're going "fast enough" and in my mind that makes you a far deal more of an asshole than someone speeding in the left lane while you take your sweet time to pass someone. You're not a cop, you shouldn't foist your beliefs as to speed upon another, and you shouldn't be on the highway if you are too timid to travel above 55-65 mph.   As to the d-bag not passing on the right and instead attaching themselves as a speedy dingleberry, well, the light flashing is unecessary and a potentially dangerous distraction for someone that is clearly a poor driver already, but passing them on the right could be even more dangerous if the slow poke decides that they are tired of being a self-absorbed asshole and move the right lane whilst the Mach 5 racer is pulling past on the right.   Just move to the right and stay there if you ever see anyone traveling faster than you. Let god and the cops sort them out. It's better for traffic flow and safety.
0	Same exact thing happened at my school. Loser shoots himself, and no one noticed. I didn't even find out about it for awhile later, and only because we had mutual friends. But when a football player got in a wreck at 2am, the next day they made a huge deal out of it. I'd rather nobody dies, but why do they ignore the kids who think (rightfully so) that they're unimportant?  Hick town high school.
0	Most coffee shops seem to think putting a few ice cubes in the top of the cup is adequate... really all that does is cool off the first two sips. I'm never going to be a little bitch about it at a restaurant or something, I'm just saying first thing in the morning when I'm in a rush and don't want to wait. Pouring it over the ice immediately infuses the coffee with colder liquid and makes it immediately easy to chug.
1	This is a real 'Grandad' reply, but it must be said. I'm in my final year at University and I had the same problem as you in my first year. Man I played League A LOT. Like, wake up, play, maybe eat and then sleep. Playing video games is an easy 'escape'. It distracts you from the real problems you may have in your life. But it WILL NOT make you happy in the long run if you are playing for the wrong reasons.   I'm sure you know already that playing for 6 hours after school every day is just detrimental to your development. It's a lot more fun than studying thats for sure. But you need to try and think about yourself in the future. Ask yourself three questions:     Where are you now?   Where do you want to be?   How will you get there?     The answer to the first question is quite obvious from your post. You're lost. But, where do you want to be? successful, independent? in a loving relationship? I know this all seems crazy and off topic as you're just in school, but every time you play League to just prove to yourself you are good at something you are actually hindering your chances of becoming better at something real.   You troll because you are unhappy with other aspects of life, but that can be changed if you want it to be. Being unpopular in school? does that really matter? I developed an IDGAF attitude years ago, when i was similar to you. From that self confidence flowed and then the natural beings of the world slotted in to place. Friends, happiness, you get it.
1	Couple things:   If the account was permabanned it went through a few punishments prior that warned you you're on the wrong path. They do not unban players unless it happened by a freak accident and was totally undeserved.   Take the knowledge you gained from both in-game and out and grow as a player and person. You know what you did is wrong, you know what you need to do, do it. Do not sit there and think "I've been banned on an account because people have reported me for a multitude of reasons that say I am a negative impact on this community" then go and do it on another account. If you have to mute everyone the moment you get in, do it until you get some thicker skin and gain the ability to ignore people's insults.   Even if your second account gets banned, if you buy exp boosts (timed and win based) it takes a few days of hardcore yi vs sona 3v3 bot match grinding / arams / normals to hit 30. If you want to keep playing on a new account after, this is part of your punishment.   You will end up getting to whatever elo you deserve to be eventually. The important thing is, win or lose, you learn something from each match and apply it to your future games. IE I just barely lost my 1v1 as Talon vs Zed; if I waited for him to ult before using my E, I could've silenced him for the duration of the death mark and stopped a lot of damage while I go hard on him and pick up the kill.   One more note about the raging. It does 0 good for you or anyone else. You have to take the moment you get upset about something and understand why you are upset and what you can do next time to prevent it. Clear your mind for a moment and actually think. "F'ing jungler just came in and ganked me mid---Well it is 7:30 so blue probably just respawned, I should've played a little safer or get a ward before-hand so I can find him before I push or go for an all-in."   *If it's a troll or afk, shrug it off and learn what you can during your game (Learning how to play from behind for example).   Lastly: the dream isn't over until you decide it is.
0	how was your comment too long too read? I don't understand the use of
1	Not sure why all this drama about ~80 ping difference. I've played at 8-10 ping and at 80 -150 ping and there is no major difference. The only time say it's unplayable is +250 because you actually get a delay there but at 100-150 the delay is sooo small, it isn't noticeable by most persons.
1	There's a specific YouTube video showing Dyrus and Regi butting heads. Regi was yelling at Dyrus for having an attitude and Dyrus made a comment along the lines of "You always do this. You always keep harping on people when the argument should be over. You only do it to Xpecial and me too." Disclaimer - That's some EXTREME paraphrasing based on memory, keep in mind. I discovered that video when Xpecial was released and as soon as I saw that I got terrified for Dyrus's job security.
0	Herd Immunity doesn't require the individual members of the 'Herd' to be Immune, just resistant enough that the 'Herd' itself is Immune. I explained the maths in another reply to the above. The
1	I'll be honest. I've never been a big fan of watching anything on television. Whether it be sports, cartoons, dramas or reality tv shows, I simply could not stand what I called passive entertainment. I don't even enjoy watching streams while I play LoL.   That said, because of the amazing quality of the World Championship, I am excited to watch the upcoming matches, and my friends and I are planning to have a Super Bowl style party for the World Finals that I genuinely want to go to. Thank you Based Riot for making the finals so enjoyable and professional.
1	I see one major flaw in you suggestion and that is that champions that champions with an inherently "stronger" kit would just kill everything.  For example kassadin he is a problem because he has a low cd dmg flash while being tanky as fuck. If you were to add diminishing ratios he would outclass all champions in the game by a big margin since he doesn´t need alot of dmg items to be strong and could build rather tanky.  So this change would end up bringing the champions to the most strenght that have the "best" kit those that exel in Mobility and utility aspects(range, stealth machanics, invulnaribility etc.)  also not adding a diminishing scaling to all chmaps would to the same just reversed since the few champs that would have diminishing scalings would be inherently worse then those who don´t.
0	I wouldn't be so quick to judge the guy, I don't go to my dad or my sister's graves, haven't in about 5 years.   It's not because I'm not over it, they both died a long time ago. I just don't see the point in going. That's doesn't make me a scumbag, just like OP's cousin isn't a scumbag.   I'm only 21 so maybe in a few years I'll start visiting and maybe in a few years OP's cousin will change his mind too.
0	I got my medical card in CA around my sophomore year of college. I had been smoking pot multiple times daily since sophomore year of high school, and was the douche always writing essays about legalization and donating money to the cause and such.   However, ironically as legalization is picking up so much steam, I have quit smoking and would not be surprised if I never smoke again. Got over it last June, and haven't smoked in half a year now. The time I quit aligns perfectly with when I finished college, but am unsure if it was all just a phase, or had to do with it being legal for me long enough to lose the excitement.
1	Stinger. I've found even in a losing lane it's best to rush your Stinger into Nashors, because it's so important to Kayle's kit. With her Q nerf a few months back, she can't really trade as effectively by rushing AP and maxing Q first. That's, in part, why you max E first. This puts even more pressure on getting BOTH attack speed and CDR. It helps you keep your ranged attacks up (which helps with harass as well as wave clear) and proc as much damage as possible by applying her passive. That's also why Runaans is so fucking broken on Kayle atm. It counts towards her base attack damage, applies her passive, AND counts towards the splash damage of her E. It's the most relevant second item on Kayle, unless you're desperate to get her Lucidity boots (again, CDR is everything here. It allows for more Q's, keeps your E up, allows you to heal more, and keeps your ultimate available in every fight or skirmish. You can "blow" your ultimate in a 1v1, then still have it up in 60 seconds for the upcoming team fight or 2v1 gank).   That all said, I'd sincerely recommend getting a second Doran's ring on your first back, if you can. Yes you want your stinger but the Doran's and boots with a ward and health pot buy (835g) is much more reasonable to get, allows you to trade in lane with 1 point in Q and CS/auto enemy while still being safe. Treat it like you would on a basic mage. Yes you want your big item (NLR/CoH) if it's available, but usually it's better to get mana sustain and utility (Doran's plus boots) if that's all you can afford.   BTW most effective runes are Hybrid Pen marks, Health per level seals, AS quints, and 6 CDR blues with 3 AP or MR blues, depending on the match-up. Build path should be Nash, CDR boots (furor upgrade if you want to kite in teamfights), Runaans, then Void Staff/Zhonyas/Deathcap in whatever order you need, based on enemy build. If they're rushing armor or AP, get DC. If MR, get Void, if attack damage or they can 1 - shot you, get Zhonyas.
0	XC is infinitely more demanding when you're at it alone. I never envied the clear #1 runner on the team, because nobody could keep up with him. Us slower guys were fairly evenly matched, so we fought to stay together through the bulk of the workout. It's a HUGE psychological benefit to run with a group. With them by your side, you're so much more motivated to stay together and push yourselves. When you're by yourself... well, it's a lot easier to "take a break, slow down and such."
0	Violence isn't always physical.  Violence does solve problems, look at WWII.  People may not like it, and there may have been better ways, but people are going to do what they have to do, violently if needed.
1	Nasus is only a problem if you let him become a problem. If you let a game run 60 minutes and a full tank Nasus gets 1000 stacks, there isn't much you can do. You just have to change your play style. The most common method is to pick a lane bully, freeze your lane, and deny him cs. Another method that worked really well for me was a lane swap. You don't see them as much in solo q because it can be hard to coordinate but, if you can pull it off, Nasus will be useless. Put an aggressive duo in his lane with a siege heavy adc (Caitlyn, Jinx, Lucian, Tristana). Push him to his tower and constantly poke it down until it falls. Be very careful of the jungler though. You want to end the laning phase as quickly as possible. Your solo laner needs to play carefully. His job is to stall the lane as long as possible. Your jungler should be camping the solo lane to make sure things go smoothly. Once you take the Nasus lane tower, the duo joins a solo lane and pushes more towers. Nasus has to leave his lane and his farm to match your numbers, eliminating him as the unstoppable threat he becomes late game.
0	What the fuck kind off a question is that? Four years! Four years, and it is a labor intensive process, exhausting, obnoxious, and makes me feel like I have no options. I can't back a candidate in any race because I don't agree with the things they are most likely to act on. I can't even choose the one that I share the most ideology with because that's choosing based on things they're not going to pay any attention to, and falsely assumes that I trust any of them at this point.   Were you referring instead to any of the numerous and overly wordy ballot referendums? Because while those have some effect on the way I live my life, and while I enjoy that I get to have some amount of control over it, the candidates for the 20+ offices are going to make vastly more decisions than the few things on the ballot referendums.
0	And yet here you are, talking to a bunch of faceless people on the internets because you want to interact with us. Do you think us all stupid? Why are you talking to us?   All you have to do is learn how to lead an interesting conversation. Stupid people have stupid conversations. You're 50% of each conversation you're in... if you keep finding yourself in stupid conversations then...
1	I waited a really long time before starting my ranked "adventures".   I felt so anxious about joining the ranked queue, so I waited right until the end of season 2, when they announced the rewards for getting gold.   I then proceeded to play play 13 games to get into gold, and after that I stopped right away.   Did the exact same thing this season, waited until the very end, just to play for the rewards.
1	I had a Sivir in a ranked game yesterday (I was jungle, my duo buddy was supporting him) that had 23 cs at 11 min. My buddy started taking farm from him on alistar in the hope that he could build some damage and maybe salvage the game. Ended up not happening because out Teemo fed the Lee sin, and even though my mid and I were fed, we couldnt carry those two.   Anyway, moral of the story is that he had more damage by the end than Sivir did. So in that case, yes. He should touch farm when the carry is in lane.
1	Win your lane, punish every lane, kill their carry in teamfights... These tips are good if you are able to get the advantage on the other mid laner, but even if you gank other lanes effectively it might not result into a victory. But the most important aspect of the game is Team spirit. You need to keep the morale of the team a good a possible. If your team is starting to rage at eachother, you could be 40-0 and it won't make a difference.   The chat box is pretty much the place where people lose most of their game. Wether it is in champion select or during the game. People start to argue then they lose focus and they start to throw. The only good thing to say in chat are pretty much : -glhf -nj -gj -need help :D? -I love this team -gg wp   I've tried it and it works. I was stuck in silver V for a long time and now i'm climbing the ladder pretty quickly. After a while you will play vs  people with better mechanics and all and at this point it will be important to roam when you need to roam and to punish other lane when you have the opportunity.
0	I used to babysit for a woman who was as computer illiterate as they come. When her mother died she wanted to send some pictures for funeral slideshow. She asked me to transfer the pictures from the computer to her iphone so that she could email them. When I suggested she simply email them the computer she was outright shocked that she could do that. After I showed her how to access her email from a computer I tried to show her how to attach a file. After going over it about five times I told her to show me which pictures she wanted to send and I would attach them. As she is showing me the pictures she begins to touch the screen of her computer as if it is a touchscreen and get legitimately angry when the pictures didn't follow her finger.
1	Generally the wiki is fairly reliable, especially when it comes to testable facts (a champion's starting mana, the effects of a certain talent, the scaling ratio of a skill, etc).  I would say that unless you have a reason to assume otherwise, its pretty safe to assume the wiki is correct.   It  is  however, community run.  This means that things can be changed/trolled, mistakes can be made, and information may not be updated.  Generally things are updated within a few days of their release though, and the wiki is fairly good about policing troll changes.  The cool thing about an open project like a wiki is that the more people who participate, the better the wiki becomes.  If you feel that some information is wrong or out of date, then test it in game.  If it is wrong, go ahead and contribute - the whole community will benefit if you do =D
0	The idea of bashing a religion because people do stupid stuff, is like when people bash video games because somebody killed somebody else."   I disagree.  I think people like the westborrow baptist church are doing exactly what the bible commands them to do, and are acting completely rationally within the context of what they say they believe.  People who say they are christians, but do not bother prosthelytizing to me are cowards who would rather have a nice day than help me not burn in the hell they are utterly convinced I am damned to.
0	I had a similar experience, but this time as a Mormon Missionary (an ordained ministerial position in the LDS religion). I was in a lesson for people investigating the religion as well as people who had recently converted to the religion. The conversation was a heated "adoption bashing" conversation that boiled down to "how could you ever give up your child, that makes you a terrible person". I looked over at one of the congregations "assistant pastors" (actually a counselor to the bishop, but I'm trying to use the non LDS based vernacular). Anyways I raised my hand, when the person leading the discussion, and sadly one of the main people dissing adoption, called upon me I stated that I was adopted, that I love my parents, and that I believe that the best thing my birth mother did for me was give me to my parents. After the people who had heretofore been insulting adoption had to basically either argue with one of the ministers of the religion, or realize that they were missing the point to adoption. I was later thanked for standing up by the assistant pastor. When people are doing things like this you just have to stand your ground.
0	I'm going to paste a story I've said elsewhere on Reddit, below is my;   Experience with the Australian Healthcare system .     I had a Lipoma (benign tumor) removed from my back 2 months ago, I had a few doctors visits before that and a surgery consultation to get on the waiting list (as it's a non-emergency procedure). The waiting list was a about 6 months, went in to the day hospital for about 6-7 hours, procedure done, I was told to remove the bandage on my back after a week.   About a week later I removed said bandage, turns out the wound was still open and it got infected, after a few days of infection doing it's thing (silly me didn't go to doctors straight away) it got pretty bad, went to the doctors, he told me to go the emergency department. So my mum took me to the emergency department, the infection was too big for local anesthetic so they had to put me through for a general surgery, which means no food/drink 12 hours before.   So I spend the night there, have the surgery, stay in hospital for another day or two for recovery. It was 2 nights and 3 days total. Anyway, I had a nurse come to my home every day for a week afterwards to do the dressing change, then after that I've been going into the doctors to get the nurse there to change the dressing every day.   I stopped going about a week ago as it's finally recovered, but you want to know how much everything cost me? Well I spent about $50 on medical supplies, that's it.   God bless Australia.
1	Your mmr is bad, probably from chasing to kill and not ending the game soon enough. Ending b4 20 minutes is considered better (no citation, just 2000 ranked games and I know). If your games are ranging from 30-50 you won't climb. You need to prove you can end sooner becaue you are better. The times I really see some lp gains I totally mind fuck the other team and they usually do that file in 1 by 1 because he has 100 hp and might die to me.   p.s. I don't die.
0	I am going through this now. Its definitely not that we don't love each other. For me it seems to be a few things, a lot of stress at work, being exhausted as a result makes it actually unappealing to have sex; It's just so much work to make her happy, where 5 minutes and an internet connection is easy.  I wouldn't say she has 'let herself go' but she isn't the same girl as before figure wise and that plays some role, as well as a little bit of boredom and what i like to call "grass is greener syndrome". But ultimately 90% of the issue is me, I work in a pretty sedentary desk job and for the last couple of years have been really lazy, now I am blessed with good genes and high metabolism so looking at me you'd never know i sit on my ass 90% of my awake hours looking at a screen. But mentally I felt like shit, recently started hitting the gym again 3 times a week and the results have been awesome, sex life is returning and I even have her starting to want to get active and get her figure back.   Wow that got long
0	It's bitchy and arrogant because when someone gives you a compliment, it's appropriate to give thanks for it. "Yes, I know." insinuates that the person being complimented is arrogant (and therefore does not respect or appreciate the person giving the compliment).   Honestly, if you're of the opinion that saying "Yes, I know." Is an appropriate response when giving any kind of compliment, chances are you're an ass hole and only other ass holes will agree with you.   Of course, it could be done with either sarcasm and/or in good nature. Saying, "Yes I know." To a close friend after they say something like, "You're smart." can be funny for both parties.
0	Someone can correct me with a reliable source if I am wrong. But FMLA doesn't include bereavement leave.   As quoted from the [Department of Labor's]( website:   > The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) provides an entitlement of up to 12 weeks of job-protected, unpaid leave during any 12-month period to eligible, covered employees for the following reasons: 1) birth and care of the eligible employee's child, or placement for adoption or foster care of a child with the employee; 2) care of an immediate family member (spouse, child, parent) who has a serious health condition; or 3) care of the employee's own serious health condition.   Death of immediate family is not something FMLA covers. I cannot find any federal law that states an employer is required to offer bereavement leave.   According to  this .  This Q & A page  that specifically talks about how bereavement is covered under OFLA and not FMLA.   As far as I know, Oregon is the only state that has any sort of laws regarding bereavement leave. California has tried to pass laws for it over the past several years if I am not mistaken, but they have failed or been vetoed.
1	I kinda of have issue with putting blame on just one party.   Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeating, of course) % that Riot should have had booths (or at least some sort of method blocking the minimap). They offer so many positive benefits that its almost a necessity. Hell, given the chance I'd argue this with Carmac, who is against the idea of booths (just look at any IEM).   BUT looking behind you is against the rules that Riot set in place before the tournament began.  And rules is rules. You don't see guys running up and down a court in basketball not dribbling the ball because it is easier and faster that way.  You don't see American Footballers making horse-collar tackles because its a good place to get a grip - and if they do, they get penalized.   For those saying riot is just using frost as a fall guy: Redbeard posted this, and might have been skipped over, in the rulings post:   "In hindsight, the potential visibility of minimap screens for players was a mistake. Despite on-site referees, close monitoring of player cams backstage, and stage design that ensured players would have to turn more than 90 degrees to be able to catch a glimpse of the minimaps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable. We’re taking steps to ensure the minimap screens are not visible to players."
0	If a cat is on my property with nothing to identify it as belonging to someone, it's anyone's. I don't care if you adopted it and paid for it and raised it, keep it on your own damn property or get it chipped so I can let you know where it is and tell you to keep it where it came from.   Is the idea of keeping your pet on your property so ridiculous for some cats just because they're "outdoor" cats? If it likes to leave your property occasionally for unknown amounts of time and possibly is thought of as belonging to another family, it's not a pet, it's just a wandering animal that you were stupid enough to spend money on and feed.
1	It's against the rules but unless you wave your arms in the air saying this isn't my account you wouldn't have raised any red flags.   For all Riot knows you moved and are playing the game on a different IP.   It's one of those "spirit of the rules" things. They get their money by having you invest your time, which leads to things like XP or IP boosts and skins.   Also you aren't borrowing an account for riot, it's yours, they simply reserve the right to take it back if you break the terms of use.
1	You're very much over-estimating the gold efficiency of the late game items.  And you're certainly very wrong about Dota 2 being less snowbally than League.  Sure, the smaller items in Dota 2 are more efficient, but you're forgetting that 1) the person with more right click damage in lane can, with perfect play, not only capture every cs, but DENY his opponent every CS as well (costing him both gold and experience), and 2) when you die in Dota 2 you LOSE gold-- between the gold loss and the cost of a TP scroll to get back into lane, a single death can mean hands down losing the lane, never to regain the advantage.  I've watched professional Dota 2 games that were decided by the 3 minute mark-- one team ran an aggressive tri-lane, got first blooded, and that was GG.  Hell, I've watched Dota 2 games that never even got off the ground-- the first two games of the TI3 finals were decided in the ban-pick phase.
1	I don't agree with most of that, Morgana binding is a skill shot, learn to dodge. It's slower than a blitz hook, give me a damn break. Also, Cait is still a top tier adc as well. A lot of adc mains haven't realized our jobs changed this season, our job now is to kill the enemy tank line.   Rarely will you be so far ahead you can destroy the entire enemy team like we could last season. I never count on being able to do that. Yeah some adc are stronger lane bullies than others but honestly there's a pretty solid balance of early vs late game power for the vast majority of adc's (sorry Quinn).
1	Uh what? Sorry man. That is absolutely not true. There are many games where having BKB in your equipment slot will make it detrimental. Because you spent so much money for about 20 dmg and 200 hp on something that has charges that cannot be refreshed.   It starts at 10 seconds after the first use with a hefty cool down to 4 seconds with a 50 second cd. Yes, it's meant to help squishy people survive only magic dmg. But most ults work through BKB. A lot of skills work THROUGH BKB because they are either physical or pure dmg.  You can put that into a damage item or survivability item instead.   Because hey, ya you can get killed in a stun. But if you survive it they're usually out of juice after it.   Didn't mean to rant.
0	This is to all of the employees out there. You are paid to do a job that you applied for. Do that job and if you are worth it the company will promote you. The biggest issue I see with new employees is as soon as they get hired they feel entitled. They want paid time off as soon as they are hired, they expect way too much for having done way too little. If you find yourself in a position where you can leave and and make more money then good for you.  OP, maybe you are one of the good ones who doesn't bitch and complain and gets stuff done, if that's the case, good for you. But what you don't understand is that there are a lot of people out there who are lazy and whiny, they bitch about change and make the supervisors job a living hell because they can't just shut up and take direction. If you want to make yourself invaluable to a company shut up and do your job as best as you possibly can, you will have chances to go above and beyond. If you have a way to make improvements that are beneficial to the company , write a good professional proposal. My employees come to me with good ideas, I tell them to write me a proposal and I will back them on it. 1 in 10 actually sends me something, and of the ones that are sent, i bet 90% are half ass'd. Take some initiative. If you fail , do it again! If you keep trying you will get better at it and your employer should notice. Ask for feed back all the time. They will tell you how to get promoted. Listen to what they say and use that information the next time a position is open. This is not rocket science history. Just be smart, listen more, talk less. Good Luck   EDIT:
0	It's because you're taking such a low dose and it passes through your system quickly. Ask around; you'd be surprised how much some people take. When I was on it for ADD, I took 25mg/day too, but I knew people who took that 25+ 3x a day. Any more and it made me anxious.   I personally stopped taking it after 10 years because I was getting more and more neurotic and aggressive as it wore off every night. The withdrawal symptoms are horrendous. But I wish that I had switched to Concerta sooner. Not that I was an Adderall robot before, but I feel like a person again. I have some kind of appetite now. Life is more colorful.
1	I've done some digging, since there's not much else to do at work anyway, and found no real / actual percentages. But did find some posts where it is estimated that the difference can amount to +50 to +100 elo matchups in a team.   Riot's official statement is the following (from their [FAQ](   At its core, comparing the Elo rating of two players will give you a rough idea of who is more likely to win a match. In the case of Solo/Duo Queue, the ratings of each team member are aggregated. The greater the differential between the two ratings, the more strongly the odds favor the higher rated team of players. In the Ranked Team Queue, your rating will reflect your team’s performance as a single entity, and will not reflect your personal rating.   The rest of the info I found in several forum posts, [here]( [here]( and [here](
1	What you really need to do is simple and complex at the same time. You need to not just accept but fully understand and incorporate this thought into your subconscious : No matter how you react to people, those people will continue to be who they are.   No matter how detestable some off these assclowns are, you screaming and raging and whatever will do absolutely nothing to them other than likely satisfy the trolls who are trying their hardest to ruin your day.   When you get into a situation where you are going to lose because of players, and realize you are going to lose ELO, thats the point when you need to know that the match you are in is simply that. One small match of many.   You've played enough League of Legends to be able to force yourself to "Know" that the game you are in is just a tiny fraction of your life,whether your gaming life or life in general, and you have really no control over the other 4 players on your team. The only thing to do is move on to the next game, whether that means the next league of legends match, or the next MMO like Guild Wars 2   Being angry just wastes too much time and effort.   Accept on a conscious and subconscious level that raging yields no rewards and you will find yourself in a much more pleasant world.   PS, League of Legends solo queue promotes these bad attitudes. Try joining a team, or taking the notion that league of legends is just a temporary game.
1	Try turning your graphics settings down if they aren't already. I have mine set to low and I never have a problem unless the internet itself goes out. Ya it sucks not getting to see all the pretty flowers and stuff but Macs weren't built to game on. It's possible and enjoyable but don't expect to get the same graphics quality as a PC built for gaming.
1	I actually completely agree with you.  Not about Shen though.  I know how to play him pretty well, cause I normally play top lane/jungle.  For other champions though, there are just times where I have no idea how anybody could be bad with them.  When I first picked up Lee Sin, I genuinely couldn't understand how people would do so poorly with him.  His whole kit screams "I'm going to outplay you".  And I mesh really well with any champs that have gap closers.  Mainly ones with multiples dashes though.  Except Ahri.  Fk dat hoe.  I have no idea how to play her.   My point is that I understand how a champion is played through viewing it.  I watch streams.  I watch tournaments, I watch both NA and EU LCS.  I understand how a champion is supposed to work before I even play it.   We are not the vast majority.  Champs do not make sense to everybody.  In fact, there are a few champs that I have no idea what I'm doing with.  Anivia and Ahri are prime examples of this.  I can play other APCs, but not them.  Most people only have a champion pool of maybe 10 or so champs they can play comfortably.  And maybe about two they can play top notch with.  I can play top notch with at least five champs, and can play almost every single champion proficiently.  Though some of them are inherently not good.  (I'm looking at you Karma/Heimer)
0	while i don't agree with OP's sentiment per se, i do agree that the celebrity worship has gotten way the fuck out of hand in our society and exemplifies what's wrong with the occupy movement. steve jobs was a ruthless businessman who directly benefited from all the same bullshit being protested. the dude sold overpriced electronics made by chinese kids in factories. i own a couple apple products, i'll admit it, but i'm not going to buy any new electronics from apple as long as i live. second-hand last-gen smart phones are good enough, and none of the money i spend will go into the pockets of a morally disagreeable company that way.
0	They would tell me that if there was a situation they didn't want calls.   The problem is they are inconsistent with most of their "rules". For instance, my boss (the one I'm talking about in this meme) drafts proposals and has a certain amount of clients she personally deals with. The rest go to our sales person. I was told to keep track, because I didn't once, and my boss was very upset that a client was transferred incorrectly (and she complained to everyone who came to her office so I could hear it over and over).   So I made a list of all her clients and when one of them called, I screened it for her. She seemed bothered that I did that and just had me transfer to sales. So now I'm not sure what she wants.
0	When you take an active ingredient in an isolated form it becomes much more potent than the same amount found in plant material. This is because the strength of psychoactive drugs depends on how fast they can enter the bloodstream (drugs are metabolized from the moment they enter the body. There is only a certain amount of enzymes to achieve this, so a whole bunch at once has more time to exert its effect compared to the same amount taken over time. This is among the reasons why injecting and snorting drugs is so much more dangerous.)   When an isolated form of a drug is ingested, it only has to be absorbed. When the drug is held up in the matrix of plant material, that matrix must be digested before the chemical can be absorbed. For maximum effect through the oral route, the chemical should be dissolved in water.
0	According to your own words, I qualify to "judge" the OP" on this situation. I suffered from daily bullying in grade school, and it only worsened in high school.   However, I have to really try to remember ANY of their names. A few of the worst bullies still come to mind, but most of them have faded away. I chose to take control of my own happiness; forgive, and eventually forget.   I find this path much more gratifying and rewarding since I am in control of my anger and sadness as opposed to an intangible representation of a bully lingering in my memory. By holding a grudge, you willingly hand the chains of your emotions to your bullies.   They've bullied you verbally, why allow them to bully you mentally? They only get in your head if you LET them in your head.   I'm sure you've heard: "The opposite of love is not hate, but indifference." In order to truly heal, you must move on.
0	I know, and it's useless in either case.   It's an overreaching statement and has no value on it's own.   If vermin did infest the house, the matter of cleanliness would be brought up, whether the statement exists in the contract or not. It comes under the category of normal expected behaviour that you don't create a vermin problem through simply being 'dirty'.   It would ultimately be a point to be argued in court whether or not it was in the contract.
0	Martha Stewart has this problem, too. She'll go thorough 2/3 of the show and I'll think "I could do that" and then, right at the very end, she pulls out some kind of special basket or tangine that can only be ordered for $500 and shipped from Romania, or something like that.
0	Nah man, because students can use 3 or 4 different types of our parking spots.  SO 1. the school oversells student spots.  OK, this sucks.  Except that they can park in the lots where the majority of the employees at the University park.  THEN they oversell the Employee decals. To make things worse, employees (labeled OPS; makes up the majority of the staff at the university) are limited to 1 type of parking lot; green.  OK one may say, thats OK if there are enough spots to cover people whos job it is to keep the university running smothly.  BUT, here's the kicker.  You need to know WHICH green lot to park in.  Some are designated for Graduate students, and, even though the lot is green, and I just paid a TON of money to park in green spaces, I get a $30.00 ticket for not parking in the right garage.  THESE GARAGES ARE NOT SIGNED "graduate students only".  No, its trial and error.  SO, these employees are limited to 1 lot (which we share with residents and grad students, even though they have their own garage that is NEVER full) and 1 street that we can park on in BFE.  So no, it isnt necessarily "Better" because, Being this type of employee, we dont have to be given a reason to be fired..Oh, you are late for 3 days now because parking is a nightmare?  Too bad, out of a job.  At least students (and this is at MY university) have many more options for parking than staff.  What NEEDS to happen is that Universities need to ONLY sell enough decals for the number of spots they have.  But that would be responsible and they couldnt suck every last dime out of everyone in the vicinity of the University that way, could they?
1	I'm not even ranked yet (lvl20, been playing 2 months) and I know enough to know I'm not good haha. I suppose it also depends who you play with. I keep ending up in 5v5 with friends who are Gold 3. Nothing screws over a lvl 13's confidence then versing Silvers ADC while still figuring out how team fighting works. (Wait? I'm ranged AP? WHY DOES LEONA KEEP JUMPING ME!)
1	Sigh. Firstly, I've been climbing steadily since I placed, I'm not complaining about anything. Secondly, different people find enjoyment in this game in different ways. I've been climbing steadily since I placed, which is great because I enjoy the game more when I know I'm decent at it, but I'd rather be in a league where I spend so long trying to improve that I end up with a veteran badge, you know? Because then I'll know for sure where my skill level is at and I'll learn more from my opponents. I play for fun, I always do. I wouldn't play if it wasn't fun.   Edit: I always end up talking too much.
1	Not that it is the point of the post, but I'll bite (once). There are some important stats you will learn to look at that help analyze what happened that I think you might have missed. Maybe this is useful information for you in the future.   It's normals.   I had my name on 16/19 kills. I had a significantly positive ratio, but mid/late game we got rolled and I was primary target for their entire team to dive. The enemy team never pushed like you would expect them to and just killed me over and over. My randoms didn't want to surrender so we kept playing despite the enemies dragging it out.   My buddy used all 5 pots doing blue/wolves and had to back before he could do red. He did not leave our jungle for over 30 minutes. Notice his 4/19 kills. In other words, lack of masteries led us into a man-down game and it snowballed.   It's normals.
1	Same as every other get out of elo hell guide. Only way to get out of low elo is to not only win the lane but absolutely destroy your lane to the point where the enemy team is too busy fighting amongst themselves to actually play the game.
0	I feel for you man. My last semester of high school was in a different state, and during graduation the same sort of ordeal went down (the families were told to keep the cheering until the end of the procession, but naturally everyone ignored that). There was lots of cheering for some, and at least a decent amount of cheering for everyone else, both from loved ones and from other classmates in the crowd. But unlike you, the person in front of me got only a few claps and one cheer, so everyone was all ears as my name was called to step up...and therefore everyone in the auditorium was watching and fully conscious of the DEAD SILENCE that followed as I stepped up with that awkward ass smile, grabbed the diploma, posed for the picture and sat the fuck down as the cheers and clapping resumed for the rest of the line. Oh, and we were all given a free graduation video that night, so I can relive and cringe throughout that moment over and over again for the rest of my life.
1	I wanted to talk a little bit about game 1 of this series, kind of as a case study for starting to look at S3 Worlds. So MVP Ozone set up basically the best possible scenario for themselves in the  early turret  style of gameplay. First turret for them fell at 6:53, they immediately backed off and they had all recalled by 7:10,  despite  the fact that Singed isn't much of a threat to them and Elise had already backed off.   I wanted to contrast that scenario with the  iG vs OMG match in week 3 of LPL this season  take bottom turret both around the 4 minute mark. iG top does pretty much what Ozone do -- Jarvan goes to jungle, Nami stops autoing the waves, and Twitch sets in to farm rather than hard-push lane (watch how slowly his next 6 CS come in). Meanwhile, Cait, Elise, and TF realize that only Ryze is there to stop them, and Ryze is such a small threat, so what do they do? They go balls deep and take tier 2 bot turret at  4:40 ! If that isn't crazy enough, they realized that still nobody was recalling to contest them, so what do they do? Go balls deeper and take the inhibitor turret at 5:15. Only after iG realized they could lose an inhibitor at the 6 minute mark, they recalled and forced OMG off their turret.   I wanted to use this point as a jumping off point to get us talking about how the regions will face off against one another at Worlds. I think China will be really strong at Worlds because their meta currently revolves around wringing every ounce of advantage out of any possible situation. Ozone played the "standard early-game push" really well, and it resulted in a 1 turret and dragon 1.5k gold lead advantage at 8 minutes into the game. Meanwhile, if you watch the Royal/PE match during week 5, PE lost early-game pressure on all their lanes for like 30 seconds, during which Royal took a tower and rotated their lanes to take a dragon, rotated their shopping trips, and within a span of 3 minutes, all by 8 minutes into the game, had created an  8k gold lead  for themselves. This is what I mean by saying that they squeeze more out of the advantage than the standard play.
1	it isn't racist.   however, its a tad bit hateful. i think its more of a matter where the OPs pride of europe lends itself to ignorance as well. there is nothing wrong with being proud of such a region where strong players have always been in abundance.   Yet FNC as an esports organization is one of the best and their eye for scouting skilled players to play within its ranks is one of the best there is.   So considering FNCs history as such, especially the League side of the org, if i were the OP, i'd just shut up and wait before saying anything. He is completely right in saying Europe has very strong players, however, if FNC decided to go for the two koreans over every other player that was tried out, chances are it happened because of something other than the fact "lol-they-are-korean-must-be-good" circlejerk that usually permeates this subreddit. In fact, you should be giving FNC the benefit of the doubt here due to the previous results we've seen with some teams that had korean players in their ranks e.g. the bad (CLG with Seraph, most recently Ryu with MIL) and the good (SHRC with Zer0 and inSec); they know the pros and cons of bringing foreigners into their lineup.   also, to any other people out there that say they are no longer a fan because of the roster changes... just putting it out there, you were never a fan of the team to begin with if the inclusion of two koreans upset you. you were a fan of the players, which is completely fine and normal. Don't get two mixed up though because it makes you look silly, unreasonably bitter and a bit of a bigot to boot.
1	I don't get to play Nunu anymore because people troll if you don't play him support.  Support Nunu is great and all but saying that's the only way to play him is just plain wrong.  He's insanely fun stacking AP top lane and a lot more of a decent jungler than people give him credit for.  You just need to stay on top of the enemy jungler's movements and never let them have any buffs.  A good jungle Nunu is hell for junglers who want to constantly gank, because there probably wont be any buffs waiting for you when you get back.   Top lane his Q and his  passive gives him vast amounts of sustain, and when the jungler comes to gank his snowball and speed buff can set up easy kills.  He's one of my first pick champions (or at least  was  before people starting complaining when I said I wasn't playing support) in that he's a very safe top lane.  There's a reason top lane Nunu threads keep popping up on Reddit, it's better than people think.
1	I was 1512 at the end of S2 was reset to 1420 (played the first day of the patch, was crazy) got dropped to 1230 with afk's (went 3 - 7 with placements because of it) and then what do you know, no afk's and I won. I won all the elo back in a day. I'm at 1600 right now.
0	I was unaware of this 'feature' of the 360, so I decided to lie the xbox down, to see if the player light would change position. I don't know if it did or not, I was too distracted by the grinding sound of the disk and trying to eject it that I forgot all about my original mission.
1	Listen and read carefully, in my hypothetical example my jungler is not helping, because he is being selfish which in my experience almost all junglers are. LoL is about playing as a team, if I go leash you Golem and keep you from dying because you went to tf 1vs3 the least I could expect from you is coming to help me once in a while if I need to go buy, or if OUR TOWER is taking serious damage. Also FYI I play Alistar and I need to help OUR carry, if OUR carry sucks, we are pretty much fucked.
0	I don't understand all this noise about overdraft. Here in Canada if you have even a middling credit score they're throwing OD protection at you like gum. You never actually want to  use  it (the interest will eat you alive) but I had to go out of my way to call and stop them from raising it higher when it hit $2500.
0	I ordered something from Macy's guaranteed delivered by Christmas Eve.  Call FedEx at 4:00 pm because my package was marked for delivery this afternoon.   Local depot marked my address as a business that was closed, and will try redelivering on Friday.  Local depot wouldn't answer for me, or for the national line.  Operator said he'd put in a ticket, mark it priority, and that the local depot would call me by 8:00 pm at the latest.   Joke is on Macy's of all places, because it was their guarantee.  I'll get my package plus a gift card for the full value of the item.
1	Am I the only one that doesn't look forward to the patch, but instead the
1	I'm pretty sure all leagues are somewhat "ELO hell". Bronze-Silver cus the players there often lack genuine skills in the game, either cus of lack of experience, or connection/computer issues, either way they will make your chances to win less likely.  Gold-Platinum cus the players think they're someone, everyone who has reached gold-plat know it's not that impressive, sure you're doing better then most others, but "most others" are in lower elo's either cus they're new, or again, cus of preformance issues. Therefore there are often a lot more flamers in those leagues (atleast from my experiences). Then we have Diamond-Challenger, I feel/think most flamers are gone by challenger, but I don't have the most experience with challenger players. On the other hand, diamond players. By diamond people have finally made something of themselves, they're in a good league, and they're actually rather great at the game. And because of the feeling they get of being better then everyone, they will flame at people for making the smallest mistakes, and raise themselves above everyone feeling like they're better then them (I've never played in diamond, I asume people are somewhat nicer towards eachothers there as they're "equals", but whenever I see a diamond playing in lower ELO/normals, they're often the biggest flamers).
0	The fact that you find it indecent is, in my opinion, not a valid argument. There are some things I find indecent, but I also find that my personal taste shouldn't be made into the law. I for one think that it's good that (young) people know what's out there, and know how things work in the real world. I don't want to sugarcoat it in any way. I think that's a fair way to raise a child, and I don't think that anyone is in their right to call that corruption of a minor, or sexual assault.
1	Reminds me of what happened to me last night.   I was playing Karthus mid, and up 70 CS on the other teams' mid, and I had been ganked twice by jungle, and twice by top. I  died 3 out of those 4 times...I was okay with this, but when my top died to the Jungler ganking, he immediately screamed "WTF? HOW DID I DIE TO THE JUNGLER?!"  I suggested nicely, yes nicely (omg IKR?!?!), that he buy wards to prevent ganks.  The jungler, support, and top immediately went after me, telling me to mind my own lane, that it was none of my business, and I was feeding my mid, all while I was up 70 CS and not a single of my deaths was from their mid.  On top of that, our support had stolen 3 kills from our ADC, resulting in him being behind theirs, because he had died 9 times by 20 minutes, all to their ADC.  So at around 20 minutes, I stopped talking in game, and continued PMing our ADC, as I had him added.  The rest of my team immediately assumed I gave up, because I stopped talking.  I kept the pressure in mid to not lose our inner turret, but 5v1 it is difficult, and I ended up being dived and died once from that, but took out two with my ult.  Their harassment went on all game, so I stopped talking, because why bother?   Here's the funny part, Kog'maw and myself had the least deaths of anyone in the game, and my CS at end-game was about 150 higher than anyone else's, and I had most kills on the team.  After we lost, they said, "well I guess you weren't too bad after all."  What poses someone to do that?  Harass your team, then congratulate them on not doing bad?  ......LoL community....I swear...
0	Agreed.   But, I don't think its necessary to blame yourself for something you have no control over. You are biologically programmed to scan for compatible sexual partners for evolutionary purposes. It just so happens that the more attractive a female is, the more likely it is that she will be viewed as a more 'compatible' partner (attractiveness is usually a sign of good health). Now, if you do have attractive female friends, then guess what? Your brain will automatically attempt to inform you that they viable candidates for love-making (baby-making). It does so by locking your eyes onto the visible female body part that would most likely attract your attention - in most cases, boobs. Knowing this, don't fight your desire, but make sure not to stare or be weird about it.
1	Shyvana; although people may consider her weak, many people just don't know how to counter her insane clearing (lane or jungle). The very fact that her ultimate gives her free steroids already makes her a target to worry about; her dragon-formed abilities allow her to devastate high-priority targets too.
0	Some of what they propose is actually moderately scientifically founded (such as women being predisposed to hypergamy), although many of TRP's takes on "sexual strategy" is outrageously harmful or egocentric far beyond narcissism that manifests nothing positive to anyone that isn't the person subscribing to the philosophy.   If I recall correctly, the base corollaries of The Red Pill are actually quite fair and the less indoctrinated subscribers are balanced, harmless people.   Like many philosophies and religions, though, there are  plenty  that take it too far. And Reddit often houses that kind of extremity (as seen in /r/atheism). Besides the terrible issue of how people get hurt as a result of subscribers to TRP, the sad fact of the matter is that many of these 'men' become so involved and invested in taking control of this 'sexual strategy' and manipulating themselves, their situation or their peers to their advantage that even though they seem to be winning in that regard, they're losing on the premise of how much it's costing them in time, effort, and character.   Arguing that women are innately illogical? Not scientifically founded (the most difference you can identify between men and women's mental capacities are usually hormone driven, as far as I know) and  the 'theory' on 'girls liking assholes' will probably have some truth to it.   Females (like males) are attracted to confidence, which 'assholes' tend to have. It's also a play on dominance where an 'asshole' is not particularly obedient and so is not as submissive as other males. Psychologically, these can be  appealing features - many girls have, can and will fall for these traits, even though they're easily considered 'bad'. But societal factors can help reduce this and, of course, women's perceptions can have an influence as well. You're not going to get an academic girl falling for the 'wrong kind of guy' unless there's been a  major  screw up, somehow (who she thought he was, her emotional/mental disposition at the time, how manipulative he is, etc.).   Both males and females have many psychological predispositions that most people are hardly aware of. What many in TRP fail to do is recognise that  both  genders differentiate between many psychological attributes and conscious interpretations, and consequently fail to recognise 'females' as 'true human' - often having no issue referring to females as 'sub-human' or some synonym instead.   But that is like saying Christianity is fucked up because the Westboro Baptist Church is full of homophobes. Christianity has its poor points and its good ones -- how it reflects is dependant on the believer, however.
1	She like counter-seduced him. He wasn't interested, just talking about Pizza, and she's all like 'you offering me pizza?'.
1	The only champions who should be taking smite top lane have a built in escape i.e. Hecarim, Shyvana and Rek'sai and are good 1v1. Mundo shouldn't take smite as he can't easily push his lane and doesn't have a good escape mechanic other than landing a slow on one enemy. You don't need vision in solo queue if you took the right champion as you shoved top so their top laner needs to CS and you have skirmishers so you should out duel everyone. On top of this you should still have a good escape and a fast clear, plus your solo lane farm. Also as a jungle main it is way more important to let top and/or bot take a camp from my first clear as the lane advantage is way more important than me getting a six camp start. What they should nerf though is a team shares the charges on smite, this way you don't have double smite to take baron and dragon.
0	DUIs ARE awful but people place all the blame on the driver when the bars serving alcohol should in my opinion be responsible as well. I would argue that bars should be required to provide breathalyzers to those before they leave or when the bartenders have evidence the patron may be over the limit. not excusing the behavior at all but a inexperienced or alert drinker may not know their BAC and because they don't feel it don't know they are over the limit.
1	I love how being top two NA is "mediocre."  They're not elite, but they are a world class team.  I'm fully aware that Korea/China have passed NA and most of EU, but really TSM is exactly who we thought they were.  A really solid team that just isn't quite the best in the world.  Sure, Top 16 might be mediocre in football, but this is exports.  There are far more than 32 teams.
1	I feel in league, each pro-player has a mechanical ceiling so to speak. That ceiling will be as good as they can get mechanically. It's safe to assume as they grow older, there will be younger players who are mechanically better than they are, making these older pros hinder the performance of the team when put to face against these younger players. Sure, these older pros have the experience on the competitive LoL and LAN, but these can be easily learned and experienced through exposure.   Compared to football, where there are players who will stay loyal to the club for a long time. Ryan Giggs, Javier Zanetti, Paul Scholes, Carles Puyol to name a few. As they get older, they're no longer as fast and agile as the younger players, they get replaced as well. They're no longer on the starting 11. However there comes a time in games where the experience they have is invaluable to winning the game, which is one of the reason why the clubs choose to hold on to them and give them contracts instead of releasing them as free agents.
0	You're kidding right?  everything  is wrong with us, that's what makes us US. We both love and hate every religion, we cherish and abhor guns, we love well-fare states and large government, but want to bring back the wild west and every-man-for-himself. We want to do more to help impoverished citizens, but we want to cut back on the wasteful spending of food and shelter for the homeless. We have more empty homes than homeless people in this country. We watch Fox News. We think Obama is the savior of the country, also, an atheist, muslim, nazi, that wants to take our guns and babies away.
1	For every spinning axe and critical strike he hit on an enemy target, they would receive a stack of bleed (much like Darius), stacking indefinitely if I remember correctly.
0	My ex wife does this to me now. And I pay $600 a month in child support.  I got pearl harbored by her lawyer and had to agree to her terms for divorce, one of which was that I didn't get to have the kids.  I could see them but only with advanced notification.  Of course, every time I asked, well in advance, they are always "busy" that day.  I ran the paperwork by my own lawyer, who mind you refused to draft a similar divorce paper (except I was going to ask for standard visitation). He said it would become a contested divorce and would cost me $6000 in addition to the $1800 I had already paid him.   I haven't seen my children in a long time and haven't been able to afford to take her back to court.  I am a bit afraid that it may be too late to be a part of their lives. If there is a chance, I will try to find it.
0	I work in healthcare too, so it honestly doesn't phase me. I even spent a few months working at his office. Most I get the awkward "oh! Your dad is my doctor!" Comments from everyone, including such people as my English teacher in middle school.   Fun story actually. My girlfriend and I are going to the Caribbean in June, and she doesn't have a passport yet. To apply, you need a birth certificate. Well, upon taking a look at her birth certificate, whose signature do you think I found under delivering physician?
0	I don't think a discussion of privilege is particularly useful, as we can see from the anger expressed here. As a white person, it makes me uncomfortable (which is a good indicator that it is at least partly factual). However, the government/society has done things ti mitigate (not the best word) white privilege, like minority (includes white women) contracts at government institutions.   The reason the discussion isn't useful though, is not cause racism doesn't exist. It does. I believe that the biggest issue is class. I'm from the south, and blacks and who's alike have undergone generations of poverty, which most families don't pull out of. My family has been long term middle class and I'm lucky for it, but I look around at the lower classes and see no future for them. Its a bit worse to be poor and black sure, but being poor and white where I'm from means no education, a prescription drug or meth problem, and a criminal record to go with it. The judges will put their asses in jail too... anyone who can't pay for a lawyer... dicked.   I don't say any of this to diminish minority hardship. I just am saying that I think it is more useful to look at things through a lens of class, especially since we're all (even lucky middle class white dudes like me) setting our opportunities to rise up the ladder diminished by free trade, globalism, deregulation, and the countless other advantages that can be bought if you have deep enough pockets.
0	Not really.  I was focusing my discussion in the worker, not employer. There are aspects of  management that need to be addressed in this discussion,  but ultimately that's outside of your control.   What is in your control is your attitude and work ethic.  If there is no room for promotion,  working hard ensures that you work team (comprised of coworkers who all have the same shit job or rely on your shit job to do thiers) doesn't unnecessarily get overburdened.   No one here doing down voting wants to take personal responsibility.  Yes there are other factors,  but those are outside of your control.  All you have is your personal conduct and attitude to adjust.   Ultimately,  the system sucks. You can work it as an individual or a team. Everything is better as a team, but no one wants to recognize that. Just "fuck that pay me". That shit still "needs" to get done for the company to operate.  People refusing to step up causes two or three hard working individuals to take up the slack, and it's not fair to them all these individuals don't help.   In a perfect world,  "well hire more people" I'd the answer.  That's not likely to happen.  What does happen is layoffs because productivity drops. When layoffs come around,  the person doing the job of two people stays, "just my job description" gets the shit can. Work as a team. Ease the burden on 110 percent people.  Build a better work environment.  It all starts with you. Not many people will acknowledge that a gear in the machine is just as important as the whole.  One slows down or doesn't match the rest... it causes friction,  other parts of the machinery work harder to make it up, the machine suffers, the gears suffer,  the output suffers.   Whatever though.  I'll probably always be the guy getting taken advantage of. Rather than be shit, I'd rather have faith that someone will recognize it or my fellow humans will step up. Yes this doesn't happen often.  However if no one has this attitude,  then we just quickly flow into a pile of shit. Corporations rely on people like me and are making record profits because of it. I get no say in that. I do get a say in what I do.
1	I must have the best of both worlds since my brother and I spent last Saturday playing Pantheon + Jarvan bottom. I played the 'support' of the lane as Jarvan since I zoned while he farmed (I have more utility anyway in my Cataclysm.)   Basically, Pantheon's 100% assured CC lets me land my EQ combo very easily and my passive damage with his QE, wow.   Also, if you ever see Soraka and think "oh Phreak's nipples - boring match." just remember, kill lanes COMPLETELY counter her and that armor buff is just more lambs to the slaughter.  I guess that makes sense.
1	I don't think, you understand how this works. A player with more than 5% leaves is excluded from matchmaking, means that he can't play  Verified normal games  (ranked in LoL). Therefore the punishment is high in itself I think.   I think it should be tracked seperately for normal and ranked games. Also for that system to work, Riot needs to improve their afk detection / leaver detection etc. By that I mean that often someone is not considered afk by the game just because he moves a bit or even gets back from being offline for 15 minutes. Therefore, through my personal experience, I can say that there were many cases, in which the game ended and leaver wasn't counted as "Leaver", instead the game was counted for him as a "Defeat" and he even got the IP for that...
0	which is why even though it says for us to yeild when merging on, we have to build up speed, so if some one is merging off, they should yeild to those merging on whom have slow down anyway.... why are you going to get in front of me when I have to speed up and you have to slow down?
0	I'm a (light) smoker, and there's just a couple of points I would like to bring up to re-iterate them because they are common misconceptions among non-smokers.  I'm also much more conscientious than average, but even I do stupid shit that I know is objectively wrong sometimes.  So do you.  Calm down.   1.) Cigarette butts smell bad.  Really bad.  Way worse than human butts.  If you think smoke smells bad, go pick up a cigarette butt and put it in your pocket, or in a trashcan inside your home.  There is nothing about this that you will be able to tolerate.  Most smokers learn this quickly because they have attempted to be nice to the environment, pinched out their cigarettes, and stuck them in their pockets to put them in a trash can later, and then forgotten about them for several hours.   2.) Smokers today do so under a sphere of shame and guilt in almost all remotely public places.  When someone 100 yards away looks at me and starts coughing while I am smoking, this is ideopathic bullshit.  So we hide while we do our habit.  We find the dark corners, and then we hide our butts when we are done.  This is my general habit if there is no receptacle nearby.  Especially if I am around people who are going to get weird and awkward if they find out I smoke.   3.) The little post things with a hole that a cigarette just barely fits in?  Look, I care about the environment, and I try.  But honestly, a good 50 percent of the time I actually just FAIL at putting the cigarette in the hole.  It falls on the ground.  Sometimes I pick it up if I'm not already in a hurry, sometimes I don't.  Especially when it's -10 outside and my fingers have stopped working from trying to smoke outside.  What works great is ash trays, or buckets of sand.  I prefer buckets of sand.
1	I play both League and DotA often, DotA more recently, but LoL longer overall. If I had to say which was the better game, I couldn't just because they're quite different gameplay wise. Sure, people will form opinions, but I don't think it should be one or the other.   E-Sports wise, DotA is set up to ursurp Riot, sometime during Season 3 it seems. Thanks to DotA's nature (less dependent on jungle, hyper carries, courier), the meta is always evolving, and the same 5 heroes can form many different compositions, from double jungle, to two mid, to tri-lane longlane. It's really interesting, and having something so immersible, so complex to learn is very fun. Not to mention, DotA has more unique mechanics, at the cost of people being able to troll easier. To top it all off, the Source Engine makes DotA look like a piece of art.   League will stick around though. Not only is it easier to pick-up and play, but with the addition of more heroes, there will always be a reason to change the meta or keep playing. I don't really like Riot's system after playing DotA (It's awesome having all heroes unlocked), but it's effective, and I've already put way too much money into LoL.   League will always be a very popular game, and it is fun, and complex, and has a thriving pro scene. But when DotA comes out, Riot really has to work overtime, because right now, if League and DotA were released as they are right now, I think DotA would be the more popular E-Sport game.
0	I did pro-bono work and I got the job I have now solely because of my internship from years before. My boss sought me out specifically for it.
0	Unlike Australia, where presumably there's one national VAT rate, here there are fifty states plus the district of columbia that each levy their own sales tax rates anywhere from 0%-8%.  On top of this, some counties and cities levy a "piggyback" sales tax.  I think the most expensive jurisdictions are the cities of New York and San Francisco which I believe are pushing 10% at this point.  Furthermore, many of those taxing jurisdictions exempt some classes of goods, most often food and clothing, but often extending to other things as well like prescription medicines and alcoholic beverages (theory being that they're taxed via liquor taxes).  This means that vendors need to account for hundreds of possible different taxing jurisdictions and schemes.
1	Reason people despise Teemo is that he has a bad kit for whenever he's shut down and Teemo's are usually not very good teamplayers. You can state a pro player had an 87% win rate but I had a 92.8% win rate (16-1) with vlad back when I was still silver. Whenever Teemo gets shut down he doesn't really contribute anything to the team anymore while he doesn't really get huge bonus early damage to make up for that.   I think Renek is a stronger laner than Teemo overal, however even Renek gets a great armor pen ability and high ult base damage which still lets you be usefull even when you have no money to buy damage and are just forced to go warmogs/sunfire.
0	A year or so ago during the flooding in NY I was driving home from school and came to a depression that often floods. A sheriff was parked in front of it turning people around. At the time i was driving a F-350 with a vertical exhaust and I knew the road and that I could easily make it though the water I stopped and asked if the deputy would move his car so I could go though. He said sure and moved out of the way.   I carefully made my way across and just as I was about to reach the far side I hear the sirens go on the police car. I look back just in time to see a Grand Caravan plow into the water at about 30 mph get about 2 yards in and just stop.   I stuck around to help the passengers, a woman and her two kids get to "dry" ground. The very first question the deputy asked her was "What the hell where you thinking?" Her response was to point at me and say "Well he made it though just fine!". She then turned to me and asked me if I could tow her van out of the water so she could get home. I told her there was little point because she had flooded the engine and it would take more than dragging it out of the water to get it running again, and I was not a tow company and did not have insurance.   I left after that.
0	I'm supposed to tell my helpdesk that a corporate cell phone that never belonged to a "Lauren" needs to be changed because I am being harassed by a scummy Debt Collector?   How about I have our legal department contact the agency, and have them remove the number from their records?   Also, the more time you take of my day, the more you are costing the company I work for. My going rate is 500 dollars an hour if you call my work phone, billable 1 hour minimum. Do I send you the bill? If you don't pay, how do I go about getting to collections for retrieval?
1	Except OP didn't say anything about flamers being horrible and needing to be punished. In fact he said the exact opposite, there are tons of people getting chat restrictions for no valid reason. I got reported for "negative attitude" in a bot game because I said "hey guys lets do 5th drake before we end" and they replied "stfu"... After getting out of the stat screen i got a message saying I should be more careful about what i say in games because being negative has a bad influence on games and next time i would get a restriction.
0	Today, 80% of music is absolutely atrocious. It is computer enhanced garbage and many love it and there's nothing wrong with that because that's what they like. But that being said there is a solid 20% of modern music that is so stunningly amazing it can be life changing. It's not just one type of music it's in every genre across the board! For example I hate dub step/house music, but dammit there is some out there that is just remarkable and I respect.
1	It's easier to influence the game as a midlaner but a good Jungler will have much more impact on the game if he plays right. Mid lanes all abaut map awareness and jungle is all abaut objective control. as Jungler, you control which objectives your team is going after. If your seen Bot lane defending a split pusher the enemy team has a tower in bag. If your position is unseen the enemy team can't realy play agressive
1	I'm guessing you would get very different results by taking the mean age or if you take the median age. So, it depends on what you mean by average. Also, I'm guessing you would get different results in different ELO ranges. And you will definitely get different results by asking here on reddit vs asking in the actual game. Then there is a definite difference between physical age and mental age.
0	I think people are misinterpreting this.   I think it's more about people who don't give credit to the forces that led them to that which they are celebrating/showing off/enjoying/profiting from/etc.   For instance.  These people who happen to grow up in a nice home near a city.  They live rent free, go to a university (paid for by parents), have access to great internships from home, etc.   And yet they don't credit their job position with any of those massive benefits.  Instead, they credit all their "hard work".   People who receive a job based on "who they know", often times family connections?  Yeah.  Zero shits given.  They really couldn't waste a second of their time caring that somebody more qualified deserved that job.  Instead, they are busy caring about their next trip to Thailand, where they will also not give one second of care about the poor conditions there that exist beyond their resort beach.   And there is far too much glamor surrounding dumb shit half-accomplishments.  Like the "I just climbed Mt. Kilimijaro!", when in reality, you didn't climb shit.  You hiked up a trail behind a guide and didn't have to expend any mental energy worrying about the dangerous stuff that actual mountain climbers have to worry about.  Same goes for Mt. Everest, which is really just a "look how much money I have to blow" accomplishment.   Although, we can see the ridiculousness of a girl posting a photo of herself in one of the most hostile places on earth for human survival, especially when she's likely still afraid to sleep without a night light on.  In actuality, this photo really is a display of "look how much money I have".  Or perhaps "look!  the tax payers paid my useless fraudulant PhD grant so I could go high five some Penguins!".
1	Well that's quite an exaggeration. Except the ranked games, there aren't many ragers here. Or atleast I haven't encountered too much in the last few days I've played. For example in my last normal draft game, everyone was nice with each other, nobody argued about position, what champ others are playing etc. The game chat was full with "gj", "wp", "my bad" etc. Even though we stomped the other team, they were also having fun because we were trading jokes in the [ALL] chat since the start of the game. At the end game chat we continued to compliment each other and spread some honor around.   Yes, I know for most of you, those games are like 1/20 from all the games, but if you are nice with the other players, most of the time they will respond with the same kindness. And don't forget to honor your teammates or your enemies. Even if honor is useless, just think about how glad you feel when you see "[+X] Teamwork/Friendly/Honorable Opponent" after the game, so why not give some of that happiness to another player, especially if they were being flamed from one or more of your/their teammates.
0	You mean welcome to working with any group of people who abuse a system that is intended to reduce abuse. If this shit keeps happening then the union isn't adhering to its principles, employees are getting shafted. Any manager or union boss worth their salt would deny her request and make a special exemption case for a planned and paid for wedding. This is obviously favoritism at play, something you find in ALL jobs, not just union ones.
1	This has been so much worse since the reset. Ive never seen people in blind pick normals rage so hard because someone lost there lane. GG REPORT KAT SHIT PLAYER.   Losing a game or match is NOT a reportable offense. Offer constructive criticism if you want or if you dont know how to play the champion and cant be nice keep quiet and move on to the next game. We all get mad at people for doing stupid things myself included. But we have all been the stupid one before just chill out!
1	Ziggs is OP though. He isn't strong because of the current meta (aside from assassins being nerfed), he is strong because his kit is ridiculously strong.   He gets to push and harass at the same time for low mana costs, destroy turrets quickly and two shot carries late game with AoE spells, along very low CD AoE poke, a really good displacement for both himself and enemies that covers a lot of distance and a zoning spell that lasts 10 seconds.   No other champion has all of those things. If you compare Ziggs to Xerath, who is balanced-ish and very similar, you'll notice Xerath has far less base damage, lower radius AoE, needs to completely lose mobility to achieve as much range and damage as Ziggs, has no escape, doesn't have empowered autos and doesn't have a spell that can zone an entire chokepoint for 10 seconds while dealing a lot of damage and slowing. The only thing Xerath is better than Ziggs at is killing people because his skills are harder to dodge and he gets a lot of magic penetration by sacrificing all his mobility.
0	Because pussy is a beautiful thing/sounding word - while Hussy is a dirty harlot that deserved to be audibly slutty sounding.
0	Yes no yes no.. Lol.. The money also included 6 hours travel, room and board etc.. He was very good, we got some great shots, but it took 6 mo to get our pictures, we paid extra for a very expensive leather bound book, there were several pages of people with their eyes closed. He felt so bad that it took so long he gave us all proofs of engagement and wedding for free usually they'd be $300 for each set, 1300 pics total including a lot of duplicated edited photos...
1	Why does this commentrow look like an extract from soloQ-chat? d_d   You won't get your point across by replying with "Haters gonna HATE! ;)". Give a legitimate answer.   Neither will you be taken serious when challenging him to "do x to prove y" in a verbal arguement.
0	Really?  We're going with the "you're young, you don't understand..." counterpoint?   First of all, using sarcasm as a means to critique an incredibly weak argument is perfectly legitimate.  It's been used in proper debate to highlight the absurdity of an opposing viewpoint for almost as long as proper debate has existed, and by people much smarter than you or I.  Further, it's a much better method of response than a shallow appeal to age or maturity.   Second, this is the internet.  If using sarcasm is indicative of youth, then I suspect almost no one on this site is old enough to drive.   Third, I have made (what I hope are) much more sophisticated points elsewhere in this thread.  I will respond to thoughtful opposition with thoughtful words.  I will respond to harsh stupidity with snark.  Proportionate response is my strategy, and I am hardly alone in that.   Finally, again, it's a forum on the internet.  I'm not trying to create a utopia.  My responses don't have to sound like a Platonic dialogue.
1	In reference to the second clip (where he rocket jumps into Graves and fails to get the reset), the issue is not that he rocket jumped in. This is exactly what Trist does; she all-ins on advantageous situations and then escapes with the reset. The issue is, he jumped exactly to the spot of graves, as if he smartcasted Rocket Jump just after right clicking Graves. This does the rocket jump damage, but puts him literally right on top of Taric, and still in range of ranged caster minion aggro.   He could have jumped ahead of Graves (he easily had the range for it); this would have put him far out of Taric's range and cut off the Flash (while still doing rocket jump damage), and without Taric's melee damage contribution this would have been an easy kill. This is still risky because of the red pot and caster minion aggro (and if they had an Ali, for instance, instead of Taric, being that close to tower is foolish), but with barrier it would almost certainly have been a kill, then a rocket jump away. This would be the most-likely successful aggressive option.   The safer alternative (for a more cautious position-based adc approach) would have been to rocket jump up towards their tri. This would have a few advantages.     Kills 1/2 caster minions and reduces damage taken from their aggro   Complete disengage from Taric   Alternative escape route (up through Tri and towards river) The downsides are exposure to enemy ganks from tri (which cased on action elsewhere was unlikely, and in an all-in pretty unavoidable) and no rocket jump damage on Graves, meaning he could have lived by flashing, continuing to run, and popping pot (since from that position he can run downwards and disengage faster than cutting him off). But this would leave Taric totally exposed, and again, it's the safe play; Graves could not 1v1 Trist at that point, and repositioning to force 1v1's with rocket jump is part of what makes Trist a good adc. It's not just an engage; it's also like a slower Arcane Shift (with no cc immunity), good for repositioning.     In reference to the last clip; a half second of adc damage can make or break a teamfight like that. Saving the w to disengage would only minimize the loss after losing the teamfight, and the lantern would not have put him in range. Going all-in was fine, Noct dying to kat ult and Thresh ulting too far in the back and too soon allowed the enemies to close too soon. Otherwise he could have really put the hurt into someone, exposing them to a reset or Nidalee spear gimp.
1	The league system is weird. When I did my promos I ended up in silver 1 yet in every game I was 1st/2nd pick with people that were in gold 1/2 and was getting 30+ LP a win. I assumed that just meant my mmr was Gold 1/2 but when I got to gold 1 I was still getting 30 lp a win and after getting to plat even I still get 30 a win. The last ranked game I played my team was confused because I was plat 5 and first pick despite the fact they were all plat 1 players.
0	I'm not British so that erases any possibility of a Tea Break. We had to sit down and eat our lunch during lunch. We weren't allowed to get up and go play. In Middle School when we went to lunch, we had the option to eat outside but anyone who tried to get up and have any form of fun, playing tag, throwing a football, etc. got detention and/or referral with having their ball taken. I also went to Middle and Elementary School in the hood.   In High School we could do that stuff but it wasn't recess. We had an hour lunch because many kids couldn't get their lunches and eat it in less because I had so many kids in my school. My dad worked there so I just went to his class and ate with other kids from the wrestling team.
0	Driving on a back road one night, there was this old car in front of me driving slow as shit. The road was too narrow to pass, so I drove a little closer to give them the hint. I guess I got too close for this guy's liking because he  slammed  the brakes, which I had to do to avoid hitting him and we both screeched our tires to a complete stop. Now his reverse lights go on and he starts coming back. Wtf? I put it in reverse to avoid being hit. He starts coming back fast and faster, we almost reached 20mph in reverse. I avoided him for a few seconds, he stops, puts it in gear and takes off out of sight. Now I just go as slow as the person in front of me wants to go.
1	Little question: What means
1	You didn't even say mid, your mentality is so wrong it's like what? "Oh even if I did call mid which I didn't do they might have picked it anyways, so there's no need to call it."   So I'm just going to go pick something and expect everyone to just know where I'm going, then not back down because that's what the trolls who I refuse to communicate with expect of me.
1	TBH making efficient use of the stats is better than making efficient use of the spellblade proc. Vi is a good example of a character who can use the spellblade proc well, but she is actually kind of terrible with triforce itself. Attack speed and crit are wasted stats on her, the mana is usually unnecessary, the ap only adds a little damage to her e, while the stats you do use from phage are much lower than the stats you can get from other items.   The movespeed passives are also fairly decent, but she usually doesn't need those either, as vi often runs with chilling smite + randuins along with her q and ult functioning both as gapclosers and cc.. she doesn't have issues sticking.
1	I mained support the last season (Janna in soloq, the most).   After seeing the patch notes I can say something: I will never pick a traditional support again. They are useless now (Except for Leona, I have to try her and do some maths).   Why would I pick Janna, who needs 200 AP just to overcome the HUGE nerf she has recived when I could pick Lux, Annie or Fiddlestick and have a similar amount of CC  but scaling WAY BETTER with 200 AP? I mean, with 200 AP I have a Janna who is like the old one , but with 200 I have a Fiddle or an Annie whose ultimate destroys the enemy carries at once.   I thought Riot would empower the traditional supports by doing a minor nerf and adding scales, so with 200 AP you would be way better than before, and then you could contribute more to the team. But, seriously? 200 ap just to be in the same level than before with 0 ap? It feels like a joke, I have to say.   I feel really disappointed and also tricked by Riot, for they said they wanted to empower the support role by providing more gold and scalings, but what they really meant was "We are going to change the support champions from the traditional ones to AP champions with cc".   Can someone explain me what is the difference now between playing support and playing mid? The vision war has been moved away from support role, changing it for raw power (more gold=more power). So, basicaly, you take away the essence of the role (the support to the team, via vision in this case) and give the characteristic of a solo lane, more gold.   Tactically, the only difference is that the incoming gold for mid will still be a bit higher and support plays with a partner in lane. The new meta is   Top   Jungle   Mid   Adc   AP bot   Were the people in Riot so scared of Lulu or Janna being overpowered that they had to destroy them in favor of others, potentially, like Annie, Fiddlestick, Zyra or Elise?   I would rather play Malphite support than Janna now! At least Malphite build something with all that gold, not just reach the base level.
0	When I was really young and naive, well not that young, I was once dating a girl whose dad was a defense contractor. I went up to their place, near Washington D.C. on a long Holiday weekend. I was chilling outside, and I saw a prominent member of congress approach the house of a prominent member of the executive branch, who always seemed at each other's throats on TV. This was during the Bush presidency.   I got really excited, and said "OMG, they hate each other so much they are going to go at it on a Holiday? This is what clashes of opinions are all about, can't wait to see if they argue on their front porch!"   The girl's dad just starts laughing. I was like, what I'm sure you've seen this a bunch, but for me, I get to see government in action, how it really happens! Then he laughed even harder. They hugged, and headed out to their back porch, and ate catered food together, laughing, joking and drinking.
0	Happened to me after 6 and a half years working at a Walmart distribution center.  A memo came down saying get rid of everyone that was close to being full vested in the company's profit sharing (so the company wouldn't have to pay them out) me and 4 other guys on my shift were let go for various bullshit reasons.  Mine was for "allowing" merchandise to be destroyed because they refused to replace broken shipping lanes that didn't have sensors that stopped the flow of freight.  I attempted to get my unemployment and was denied.  Walmart didn't even bother having someone call in for the phone "meeting" and they still didn't have to pay because they have all the lawyers in the world.
0	Gee, you're talking as if the prom queen/king wasn't just a big popularity contest at all.   And the cynic in me is saying that your not being "As good" as a handicapped person is really the cause of annoyance, and if it was stereotypical prom queen/king winning you wouldn't have a problem with it.
0	College Board is not for profit.   I'm going to call bullshit: "Consumer rights organization Americans for Educational Testing Reform (AETR) has criticized College Board for violating its non-profit status through excessive profits and exorbitant executive compensation; nineteen of its executives make more than $300,000 per year, with CEO Gaston Caperton earning $1.3 million in 2009 (including deferred compensation).[10][11] AETR also claims that College Board is acting unethically by selling test preparation materials, directly lobbying legislators and government officials, and refusing to acknowledge test-taker rights.[12]"
1	Since we are talking about pathing I have a story. I was chasing a champion with 50hp and he ran diagonal. I was oom and chasing him with tier 2 boots. As I was in melee range my character kept doing a stutter step, or he kept zig zagging. The weirdest thing, I didn't get the kill :(
0	It's cool man, one of my best friends is super afraid of oranges. So we constantly fuck with him. We once got him drunk and taped a bunch of oranges to his body and hands and he had a mild panic attack when he couldn't get them off.
1	Heimerdinger is not a garbage champ at all. (I may be have some bias: own 3 skins, played him quite a bit). He can honestly win any matchup.   Laning phase is pretty easy, consists of zoning and farming with your turrets, stunning enemies that come in your turrets' range, and poking with your rockets.   Heim's ultimate is just amazing. There's something for almost any situation. Two or three enemies diving you? Ult+q+zhonyas (while in the range of your other turret's as well) and pick up a double or triple. Need to burst an enemy down from long range (stun) ult+w. Need to initiate a teamfight (or back off from a losing one)? Ult+e.   Peoples hate for heimerdinger probably come from playing against him. It's just really hard to go all in or gank a heim. There just not much you can do against him. If you play heimerdinger, just be prepared for being flamed by the enemy for just sitting back and letting your turret's do all the work for you.
0	It is.  Folks like Richard Stallman and Cory Doctorow (sp?) have been going on about it for a while.  The
1	I mainly play singed and he really isn't that good as a main tank. Yes, he is a tanky character but if he gets focused in a team fight her will die way too fast. His poison stops if he dies too. I find that he does best at the beginning and at the end of fights. In the beginning he can get a slow and/or fling off to isolate someone who can get raped. At the end of a fight he can slow runners and fling them back. Especially if you build him with speed in mind so that you are a bit faster than 4/5 people normally and can catch and fling them and can be faster than nearly everyone with his ult. If you lose the fight he can either slow them enough to save all the rest or if he really needs to he can sacrafice himself and hold them up even longer. I find nearly everyone stops to kill me as singed if I stay back which can save 2 or 3 low team mates instead of losing all of them while only I make it away.
0	Usually, people don't cheat in a relationship out of the blue. There is almost always an other problem when a SO cheats. However, that being said, when you go through problems in your relationship, you got to options depending on the situation:     You want to be in the relationship  here, cheating is not an option, you try really hard to work something out. You adress the issue with a third party median who can help keep the negotiation going and help find a compromise.     You don't want to be in a relationship  that's when you end things, be firm but sympathetic and compassionate. After you walk away, you just try to cut off contact to help both parties move on with their lives. If you decide to have casual sex then, don't tell your ex (they will be hurt that you are found someone else already). That too is not considered cheating.       In conclusion,  you don't need to cheat when in a relationship.
1	When I jungle, I often find myself not knowing what to do when my side buffs are down and I'm afraid of the enemy side jungle for whatever reason. Let's say also that none of the lanes look ripe for a gank.  Should I just keep farming up on wolves and wraiths, or try to make something happen in a lane, or try to brave their jungle?
1	and like i said, i dont care about nationality, i dont care whether he's playing in EU or NA. He could be playing in Brazil for all i care, i am saying NA did not develop the talent of their imported players. They were developed in whatever regions they learned to play the game. Fenix, Lustboy, Impact, Rush learnt to play the game in KR solo Q. NA had 0 participation in the development of these players. Same for XWX and CN solo Q. Same for Bjergsen and EUW solo Q. He learned to play the game on EUW solo q, vs other mid laners in EUW and EU LCS. He came to NA and stomped from his very first game in NA LCS and NA took  NO  participation in developing his talent, he was already talented when he came. Same for Incarnati0n, he will probs stomp next split and he will do so due to his talent and skill he developed by playing in EUW solo Q, vs other top EUW players, with  NO  participation from NA. You can't just import players and claim they are NA talent. No. There is no NA talent in mid lane that is why you import players from  OTHER  regions such as KR and EU. There is almost no NA mid laners and yet it's as if you claim all these imported players got picked up from NA solo Q.
1	it's software which is installed during the initial instalation of LoL. It has no purpose afterwards, but, it keeps on uploading data constantly, without you knowing about it, and as such it slows down your game.
0	and as far as we know, right).   Oh, fuck. I hate this hipster bullshit. "Well  as far as we know  evolution exists. But you never know what could be found tomorrow."   NO you fucking hipster. There is 100% rock solid evidence that evolution happens. It's in our DNA for fuck's sake. It's traceable, catalogueable, measurable.
1	sometimes it works if you spam the shop button. Also, you are likely not the fastest if you don't have the shop open already.
1	I was first pick Vayne once and I got counterpicked by both teams :v   I went bot with Leona, who waited until just before minions spawned to tell me that she was going to take as much CS as she could (she wasn't lying, she got about half the last hits I was going for and even activated Q for the auto attack reset). We were against Annie and Yorick, and Annie had boots, so you can imagine how that went.   Annie got first and second blood on me, but I had farmed up enough for boots and another Doran's Blade, so after my second death I managed to kill her when I got back to lane because she stayed too long. Yorick managed to kill me, though. By this time, my team was bitching at me for losing the lane to Annie (do they not realize that the point of sending AD carries bot is because they get shat on by AP carries?). Since it was such a terrible fucking lane, on respawn, I headed top because I noticed the enemy Riven and Renekton were low and our Yorick solo top (we had a jungle Tryndamere with the right runes and everything but he still got executed like 3 times because he was trying to stay at low health for more AD, so he didn't really have much of a presence) was low on mana. I was thinking maybe I could gank them and win Yorick his lane. I get halfway down the lane and Yorick recalls because he spams and spends all his mana. Only after he recalls does he notice that I'm headed top, and even after I kill Renekton he proceeds to bitch at me for pushing his lane and stealing his farm even though I'm just last hitting.   I leave top to get him to stop yelling at me, but I  REALLY  don't want to go back to bot so I go mid to help Akali, who's having a little trouble with LeBlanc. Leona is silent up until our Yorick calls me out on leaving her alone (it's like she didn't even notice) and she starts getting really sarcastic about being able to handle her lane. Our Akali is low so she recalls while I keep holding mid against LeBlanc. Akali goes bot to help Leona and forces Annie and Yorick to recall, which is a huge relief on bot. LeBlanc is fucking terrified of me even after she gets blue from Riven, who decided to start jungling. Our Yorick is  still  bitching at me for not returning to bot. Leona starts to come towards mid through river, stops at dragon.   A SUMMONER HAS DISCONNECTED   Yorick somehow loses top to Riven and Renekton, bot goes down shortly after. I get fed up with his bitching so I gank top and get a triple kill (LeBlanc came to "help") because thankfully Yorick still has the presence of mind to ult me. Yorick stops bitching for the rest of the game. We start to win incredibly hard because of Vayne's extremely high damage, and because the other team seems to be lacking in coordination (only Riven and Renekton got Thornmail, and only they would consistently go for me every fight, whereas Annie only went for me two or three times the rest of the game) and also because of  DOUBLE VAYNE ALL THE WAY ACROSS THE LANE~
1	I think that the single biggest change that would dramatically help out the subreddit is the Flair system. I know it has been introduced before, but it would very effectively manage to let everyone see what content they want to, as opposed to the normal "DAE WARD?" "EUW DOWN AGAIN?" and "OMG, LOOK AT THIS SICK PLAY". I love this community, but i think that there is definitely a group of people that just always submits the same content over and over again. I enjoy a sick play as much as the next guy, but its getting to be too much.   In addition to that, I am a somewhat new content creator for the subreddit. It has been brought to my attention before that the way we handle things here is just not forgiving for someone who submits stories. I enjoy writing sales, but I may (big hint here) have to stop posting due to IRL obligations. I had planned to write some OC stories about the lore while i had down time, but i have looked at the types of content that make it to the frontpage, and I dont see the real OC content getting there anymore. It's problematic enough that i may decide its not worth the time and effort.  The days where that kind of OC got upvoted to the front page on its own has passed for the most part, and the way to bring back the kinds of niche content that people want to see is through the flair system.
0	I'm sorry about your friend, my school had to go through it about 4 years ago and most of the people that attended his funeral were saying how best of friends they were when they barely talked to him as much as i did. Modern Warfare 2 every week with him, talking about random shit, it might not have been as much as some other kids but i think it's reasonable to say that I was more of friends with him than most of those kids that said that they were his bestfriend or something along those lines.
0	Actually...   >False arrest/imprisonment, both criminal and tort, typically require intent.   The intent is the intent to confine someone (this is Intentional Torts 101) not intent to confine a certain person. So this bit of info is a little bit convoluted.   As far as the qualified immunity defense, which is what you're hinting at here: A police officer is considered immune from civil liability if a reasonable officer would not have known that his actions would violate a constitutional right that was clearly established at the time of the incident.   If the police officers did not have a warrant for entry into OPs home it is exceedingly unlikely that a court would find an officer acted reasonably in this instance. Which would implicate false arrest and unconstitutional entry under the fourth amendment. A mistaken address is rarely an excuse. An address is a hard thing to fuck up procedurally.   As far as pursuing criminal charges against an LEO (which is what a Mistake of Fact defense would be appropriate for) ... That's just a laughable proposition.
1	I have probably 7 months of pure Platinum 1 experience and 6 days ago I was finally promoted to Diamond for my second time (first time was 3 days before the ranked reset after 5 painful months of getting +5 and -5).   What I learned is to not give a fuck and just spam Rankeds.   Don't be a pussy and just spam rankeds.   These tips don't do shit: "Ok I'm gonna play for fun now!" "Let's learn a new role in normal games because I will just lose rankeds!" "Ok objectives objectives!! TEAM TAKE OBJECTIVES!!!"   Seriously, the only things that come to my mind are to keep up constant pressure until they are gone (base/dead) and not wasting time (do I go top? do I go bot? do I take wolves? oh fuck minions are in lane again)   If you want to improve, you have to figure this shit out by yourself because that is the only way it will stay in your mind and you will keep doing that intuitively. If you have to remind yourself of this all the time, then you do not deserve to climb, it's like cheating the system. Similar to education: You learn for a test in school, you know your shit for one week, not more.
0	Depends on how you experience stories. A good story will be good in any medium. Some prefer the audio/visual element of a show or movie, others prefer the imaginative element of reading the books. I think there's a fan ownership that gets in there too. You see this a lot with movies based on comics, but there's the fans of the written work who seem to feel (and I'm not lumping you into this group, simply acknowledging they exist) that it's the only way the story should be told. In truth, translating the story to screen is hard work. An author can make you feel a certain way about a character or characters over pages, give you background and detail that screen mediums aren't geared to. So how do the show and film makers get you to feel the same way about those characters? They take a little liberty with it. They have to. In a move they get 2 to 3 hours to tell you a story and make you invest emotionally, a show like Game of Thrones really gets less time because they have to get you in from episode 1, so about 40 minutes to an hour. I'm inclined to agree with you that books are better, however, that doesn't invalidate the adaptations that are made and comparing the two mediums is almost always unfair.
1	My advice (I finally made my way out of Silver yesterday) is: Get a duo-partner that is about your skill level. Use Skype for communication and start duo-queueing.   You both pick a role that you are good at, preferably Jungle and one of the bot roles. Then the one who jungles focusses on ganking top and mid. Because you stated, that you are above par, the bot lane should also win, which will hopefully lead to a win, if you play cautiously and don't throw. Btw: always make sure to get the first dragon, it is incredibly important!!!   Speaking from my personal experience, good characters for this tactic are Xin Zhao, Nasus and J4 as Junglers (all of them have strong ganks, can carry teams and especially Nasus can do solo dragon @ lvl 6 with his ult, just hand him a pink ward and he is gtg) and in this order Thresh, Blitzcrank (my mains now, their hooks can turn and decide games), Janna (the utility of her ult is AMAZING, also imo the best protector for your adc fellow), Leona (was my main @ the start of S3, her CC's can turn any fight @ bot, she synergises incredibly well with Twitch - his poison triggers your passive, Ashe - even more CC goodness+high early game burst and Ezreal - he will be uncatchable and can trigger your passive very easily).   My friend and I started with me in Silver 3 and him in Gold 3/4, now I'm close to Gold 4 and he will probably be in Platinum today or tomorrow. Our winrate when we play together is about 80% or more.
0	Well you would explain the reason why you are looking for another job in the first place. Never mention money or how you were treated. Tell them your current workplace is fantastic but you feel your career has plateued there, and youre ready to advance your career in a new direction. After youve mentioned that, i can guarantee they'll think youre a swell chap and its the circumstance that brought you here, not the pure unfiltered hatred of your current job.
0	We usually just feel it for each other "one of those days?"..." yeah =/"... "well hey I'm here for you =)"..." thanks :)" and we're just comfortable leaving it at that. If one really wants to talk we just do haha. Other times we've been in the same situation, not very talkative and we accidentally ran into each other at them gym working away our problems. It's one of those moments where you're just sure you've made the right choice.
1	I believe streams should become a part of the subreddit again, for it allowed people to visit streams they otherwise would not have thought about visiting, especially for those who don't use the chrome extension to view all of the live streams.   I think that if streams were allowed to be posted again, not only would the upvote/downvote function allow for the community to decide what it wanted on the frontpage, but it would allow for lesser known people to gain a following as well, provided they were putting out good content that the community appreciated.   The only thing that the community needs to be wary of, is while allowing streams to be posted, there needs to be some form of quality control over what streams get upvoted. If we have the same problem that occurs in /r/music, where the same 15 songs get put into the front page consistently, more rules would have to be put into place.   Edit: A system like /r/videos has would be nice, where it notifies the poster that their link has been posted previously. Perhaps this notification can be made to vanish on its own after a week, or two weeks.
1	As with any late game champion or any champion at all, if you get a lead over someone you should continue to press it. Letting them farm up to when they are most powerful is definitely an issue not in the champion but in a person's inability to capitalize. He fails a gank? Take all his camps. Hes farming? Destroy his lanes. His first few levels are much less impactful than a Lee or an Elise though he is a strong duelist.  You keep a khazix down by either griefing him so he's so far behind he can't keep up or by keeping his team down so he can't reset and destroy your team. Good decision making and awareness can keep him down and requires more forethought than "SEE KHAZIX FIGHT KHAZIX." Just because there's one "unstoppable champion" doesn't mean the rest of his team is equally fed. In fact he even starves his team of gold with all the farm and kills he takes just cause of hte nature of his execute. Theres always the option of a split push, and exhaust, or god forbid a well warded baron bait. There are ways to stop him. League is a game of objectives not kills. You can win the game even with a 50/0 khazix as long as you play the map.   Also Khazix isn't broken because he can do a lot. He's broken because every other option as stated above in another response his options are better.The power creep in the  game is honestly insane. The reason older picks like sion, karthus, and ashe really fall out of favor is because they all are one trick ponies or have slow power curves. kha'zix power spikes are large because of his inherent kit. At level 6 he can evolve R which gives him 3 extra spell rotations, and 3 extra passive stacks while still getting damage reduction. I personally feel you can tune down teh damage reduction to say 30% or even 25% but that come inherently with his kit. the same issue was present when his W was the over tuned part. Bonus damge, heals, and applies muramana and is passive while being able to poke from Fog to do extra damage. It provided a safety that ASSASSINS shouldn't have. Now we can't even evolve it because if we do, we're essentially wasting a point because its so worthless as a whole. The disparity in his OPTIONS is what makes it rediculous to balance. He shouldn't NEED to become an assassin every time. if he specs into his q and e, he should be rewarded with the ability to kill everything. if he specs into his r and e he should be rewarded with some tankiness at hte expense of his damage.currently this isnt' the case just because the of how much just he r evolve provides to his kit.   Now it comes back to the old riot standard of nerf to oblivian rather than think about giving other champiosn ismilar mechanics so that they can compete. If you make every one's kit into a jayce, nidalee, elise, rengar with these double stacking effects, you're gonna play then much more just cause yoru options are much better than sion's one trick stun shield auto run combo.
1	Wow, detailed and constructive comment ? I didn't expect that here.   I'm just gonna argue on Shook and Wickd. Imo Shook did some nice engages, but his early was terrible. He was simply outclassed badly by Reignover and that alone fucked Wickd's laning. Wickd was way above Huni in lane but because Reignover was completely out of control he's been punished hard for his aggressions.   Imo, Shook should have spent most of his early top. Bot was fine and mid was a no-kill lane. If he did that, I'm confident Wickd would have stomp the game.
1	Hey man, you asked.   If you've actually been banned then these 2 cases were not the only thing you have on your plate. Either you've been punished before and this tipped the scales or a RIOT employee reviewed the other cases to your name and decided to place a time ban.   The Tribunal only shows a selection of all the reports, to even be in the Tribunal means that there are quite a few more reports to your name.
1	WARNING , very long post incoming.   >It significantly increases your waveclear. Arguably this is a "pointless" thing since Zed already has good wave clear, but now it's even better.   By the point you get a completed Hydra in a normal laning phase, you will already instagib waves with your W-E-Q-Combo. Better than instant is impossible and it does only arguably increase your speed at for example Wraiths.   >The item gives you 50 extra AD which increases your poke rather significantly. Your standard W->E->Q poke will get 115 extra damage out of it, and each of your simple Q's will get 50 extra damage. This is very big for Zed's laning power. Better yet, this 50 extra AD scales off of your W %AD increase, obviously.   Almost the same goes for the newly coming BT (5 AD more.)   >Hydra is, and has been by far the best choice for Zed for a very long time now. There's several advantages to it, and the only real drawback is that you lose the slow from the BotRK active.   >People keep going for the BotRK because they're used to it and they overvalue the BotRK active. You don't really need the slow in most scenarios since you still have your W to gapclose if they get away.   Sorry, completely wrong. If people were aiming for damage alone, they would have gotten "used" to the (not changed) BT. 25 AD more and more lifesteal once fully stacked speak a clear language. What makes BoRK so potent is:     The push pressure. By instagibbing waves and having 40% Attackspeed in a rush item, once laning phase is over Zed becomes a big threat for towers midgame, because he can shove his untouched wave to the tower and kill it in two waves, while being able to oneshot any squishy waveclear champ that comes to stop him. BoRK made him the midgame tryndamere.     The slow and more important: The Speedup. In this meta, mobility is king, and without the catch potential, you are screwed. This is also the reason why people started building Ghostblade instead of Black Cleaver on Zed and Riven. Black Cleaver is favorable damagewise, but having a double speedup while slowing the enemy is a decent compensation for the missilespeed reduction on W and makes you sticky in the 3 seconds you have to proc deathmark.       > BotRK active hits for 15% of your targets max HP. Around mid-game, how much HP will your target generally have? 1500 would be a fairly even number to pull out here. 15% out of that is 225 damage. So, for Hydra to be stronger than BotRK active damage wise, you need to have 225 AD, and well, that's super easy.   Mathematically correct, technically wrong. Hydras active has 2 big flaws.     While it resets your Autoattack animation, it is dependant on it so you have to break one Auto for procing Hydra. Bork is instant and doesn't impair anything.     Hydras Damage decreases towards the edge, down to 20%. lets take meta midlanes now: LeBlanc, Nidalee, Yasuo, arguably Kha Zix, Ziggs. They all have dashes that are ready when you reach them, which means if you are lucky you get them mid air with your Hydra active. That would be 55% of the damage which reduces it dramatically. BorK guarantees the hit and guarantees the full proc in Death Mark.       > Then on top of this you'll be getting an extra 57.5 AD for your spells because of the Hydra + %AD increases. This means that your full combo of R>Q>E>W>E and say 3 auto attacks, will gain an extra of 500 damage for your full combo BEFORE HYDRA ACTIVE.   as mentioned before, same goes for the new (and even more the old) BT.   >R proc itself gives 57.5 since the ult gives the 100(.....)   Bla Bla blub bla bla new and old BT bla bla bla   >Then of course you get the Hydra proc, which scales off of all the other AD items you get so your active damage goes up by over a hundred damage as stated before.   As stated before, nope. Also, since it uses the cast animation, you cannot just add it to the damage like BorK since Bork is instant and doesn't shrink your 3 seconds time window.   >Not many people seem to think about this, but 50 AD is a massive fuckton when you add up all the spells and attacks, as seen here.   I won't say it a 4th time.   >In a full item build scenario Hydra will probably win BotRK by about 1000 damage, since while BotRK active and on-hit proc will scale off of your targets HP and your targets usually don't build HP, the Hydra active scales off of items you have which makes the item way easier to get damage out of.   Now this pisses me off quite hard. 1000 damage is in so far unreal as that you go by 0 Armor of the enemy. given that only 50 armor decreases damage dealt by you by 50%, even if we use your numbers it would be only around 500. Then, Hydra active for the 9001th time requires you to stand in your enemy to deal full damage. Your targets don't usually build HP? Scaling HP seals are meta right now, increasing health at level 18 by 216 HP. And depending on the team, midlaners rarely build GA as a defensive item now, they build either Banshees or Randuins, which increases their health again. Midlaners these days are quite tanky, compared to what you encountered in the assasin meta. Also, you never ever mention that Hydra has +50 AD, but also -40% Attackspeed. the more AD you have, the more Attackspeed will bring. especcialy with Zeds passive, you get a good chunk of AD for free, which makes it hella effective if you can build a useful Attackspeed Item. It also heavily matters in his combo since he'll be able to do one more Autohit, eventually procing his passive and taking a bonus chunk of their HP away.   >Especially with the upcoming changes to items like Mercurial Scimitar and BT which make them more desirable items for your last slots, your total AD amount should see a rather significant increase from the past which only makes Hydra even stronger!   Ergh. Lifesteal is after spellvamp the most expensive stat to buy which makes double lifesteal rather unattractive. Overthat, Zed needs defense/utility against the bruisers and supports he encounters. Its fine that you have 6 items and 517 AD, you'll get one Morgana binding and you're fucked. You won't finish a game just by trying to catch squishy people offguard, and if you can't at least escape a sticky bruiser like shyvana, you're wrong in this meta. The few Zeds I see right now normally build double defense (like Thornmail Banshees, Randuins Banshees, sometimes even Frozen Mallet GA) or a offense defense split item and a defensive item (Scimitar and defense, Hexdrinker a lot). A finished build now looks something across the lines of Bork-Ghostblade-Lucidity Boots(or whatever you prefer)-LW-Thornmail-Banshees. So we will definitely see more scimitars on Zed, but BT is unlikely as doubled item.
1	1)I both like and unlike the idea. I've seen such indicator in Allods and I like it a lot, but rather in MMORPS and it doesn't really matter- adc/mid should take most kills in teamfights, but it's fine if jungle/top take them or secure them.
0	This is going to end up buried, but oh well.  So there has been a lot going around reddit in reaction to the media and this new round of accusations about video games causing  violence.  I realize that I am preaching to the choir here, but I have to vent a little bit.  Most of this comes from my experience as a graduate student in Science and Technology Studies.  My own research is in space policy, so I’m far from an expert on video games and violence, but I just can’t bring myself to keep out of this one.   This media assumption that that video games cause violence is what is academically known as technological determinism.  Essentially this is the theory that technology is the prime mover for social change.  In this case that the media is claiming that the technology of video games (and more generally computers and the internet) is causing an increase in violent behavior in children, teens, and young adults.  But what is wrong with that, it sounds good.  We can all think of lots of ways that technology changes society.  But really it is never that simple.  Technological change and social change happen simultaneously and change each other simultaneously.  They co-produce each other.  What does that mean?  It means that video games are part of a complex web of interactions between different technological and social factors that are simultaneously influencing one another in completely unknown and unpredictable ways.  Certainly video games influence the behavior of those who play them, just like any hobby or activity influences those who partake in them.  But the system is so complicated it is literally impossible to determine exactly how video games influence young people.  A plethora of other factors are important as well.  Poverty, education, parenting styles, divorce, culture, bullying, behavior of authority figures, behavior of role model figures, drug and alcohol use, television, movies, and an almost endless list of social and technological factors influence violence while simultaneously being influenced by violence, and influencing each other.  Does your brain hurt yet?  If not just try to figure out exactly how these factors interact to create the workings of our complex society.  Just kidding, don’t bother, it isn’t possible.  Yet here we have groups of people and news stories trying to claim that no, it is video games.  It has to be video games.  This type of argument is highly reductionist.  It takes a highly complex system of co-production and reduces it down to a simple, easy to understand, yet horribly inaccurate linear system of cause and effect.  Reductionist arguments pertaining to the interaction of technology and society have always been wrong, and video games and violence is no different. The common criticism of reductionist arguments about video games is that the real reason people do it is because they don’t like video games.  So whenever a young person commits a violent act, inevitably video games become the cause.  While I’m sure this is present, I don’t think this is very simple either.  If I had to hazard a guess, though, I would say it is awfully close.  People are, in fact, looking for something to blame.  Nobody wants their kids to die, and nobody wants to see kids killing other kids, or anybody for that matter.  Assigning blame is the easiest way to try to find a solution.  If there is a single discrete cause, well then that makes it easy to stop!  In this case, if the cause is video games, then all we have to do is get rid of the video games and all of a sudden, violence will stop.  This sounds crazy, and it is, but it is also a normal reaction.  But why video games then?  Again, this is just my theory on the matter, but I don’t think it is entirely due to just a dislike for video games.  Although, again, I’m sure that plays a part.  Technology in general is easy to assign as the cause of social change.  Technology’s influence on society is so much more obvious than many other aspects of this complex network of co-production that actually occurs.  Video games have completely altered what people choose to do in their recreational time.  It has spawned the largest entertainment industry in the world.  In other words, it is very, very obvious.  This is often the case with technology, and it doesn’t always lead to technological blame either.  Technologies are often credited with revolutionizing our societies in positive ways when, in fact, they are just operating as a single node in a complex network of change.   But let’s be honest.  There is very little these anti-video game groups can do to prevent video games from being played.  The industry is just too big and video games are just too popular.  But that still leaves the problem of these tragic events.  Perhaps all the energy that is being dedicated to the witch hunt against video games would be better served addressing some of these real issues that influence violence at least as much as video games, like education, or mental health medical infrastructure.  There are any number of social ills that almost certainly cause more violence than do video games.
0	When I signed up I was promised a free dvr, which I was later told by the installer I would have to wait 3 months for. So 3 months passed and I called up and was told I was never promised a dvr. Lots of calls and a few weeks later one is just at my door. Whenever I have a problem with it the rep always argues with me I don't have a dvr. It takes forever to get them to send a box reset signal because of this.
0	Different days yield different ratings. Certain days (t-th) have move viewers IE better ratings. Where as days like fridays (aptly named "graveyard") get much less viewers. Also what is playing against X show on another channel makes a huge different. For example if two very similar shows are on at the same time and day on different networks. You are more likely to divide that viewer ship in half and no one wins. The inverse is also true. If you want to kill a show on another network you host your juggernaught (NCIS, the big bang theory, etc) against it. One of the main reasons idol stayed on tuesdays for so long. Its also worth noting the shows lead in helps alot. Back with Big Bang started it had the Two and Half lead in to help it. Now it's big enough to hold its own.
1	They happen and do feel worse than winning streaks. The best you can do is take a bit of a break if its really frustrating you. Play champs you find fun, maybe get some non ragey friends to queue with. Try dominion or maybe some ARAM games for the enjoyment/pace of something different. Play another game, play when you're drunk, etc. Learn when you specifically make a mistake, and try to figure out how to improve from your mistakes.
0	I have been a version of this scumbag stacy, and I feel kind of guilty, but not totally guilty.   I was 15 and I'd had a band rehearsal in town. I'd taken my acoustic guitar which comes with a humongous hard case, and I also had a huge backpack with me. (I got off on the 2nd to last stop before the bus started the route again, so I knew I'd be on it for quite a while.)   The bus was kind of busy, and I debated putting my guitar on the luggage rack, but it's right by the door to the bus and I was terrified someone would just grab it and run. I tried sitting down with the case between my legs but it was sooo painful, and I had nowhere to put my bag, so I sat on the aisle seat with the guitar in the footwell by the window and my backpack on the seat.   A few people get on the bus and sit down, but this one woman in her 40's approached me and asked me to move over. (There were 3 or 4 other seats where the person had a free seat next to them by the window) I explained my situation with the guitar case to her and she cut me off and told me to give up my seat. I said no.   She tutted at me and stood for 2 stops before sitting down in a completely free row, even though there were free seats, and got off a stop later.
1	I tried to dodge a queue once (double revive+surge duo queue with all caps names on a weekend, and an AFK? That's pushing it), but a teammate had already dodged. When I relogged I was instantly put in queue.   I tried to force a dodge once by randoming Teemo (our first pick banned the niche champion I wanted to play then said "fuck you faggot"), but decided to play it out.   Other than those two instances, nope. I sent a ticket to support to inquire into the nature of the ban, I got a copy / pasted reply. When I replied to the email to present a clear and logical explanation that identified a potential flaw in their system (situated just below 1850 elo in ranked at the time, the pressure to get into plat elo was forcing an extraordinary amount of dodges), I was met with the same copy / pasted reply I received for the initial email.   Seems they only want to publicly make examples out of the really bad cases, to get the community on their side. This is historically the case, especially with Pendragon, who will let a thousand Tribunal cases flow under the bridge until one that comes along where the guy is some depraved maniac you fear running into on the Fields of Justice.   > Riot's dedication to building a strong community never fails.   By all means there are phenomenal employees in Riot's arsenal; the statuskwoh guy posting in this thread is great. That's not to say that everything they do is the right thing to do, which is what frustrates me when people get the pro-Riot circlejerk going. It's shameful to see poorly implemented systems get lauded by the community, with any dissent getting downvoted (whether on Reddit or the General Discussion forums).   C'est la vie.
1	I definitely would have clicked smurf when I first started if I knew I would get xp/ip boosts for it.  Sure, I would lose most of the first few games, but my MMR would fall rapidly, and basically it would mean losing the first 10-15 games but gaining much more xp and ip than I would have otherwise.  I like getting currency in games (who doesn't?) and the option of getting more for just a couple losses is something that I would take every time.
0	if it doesn't affect your life, don't worry about it. In real cases of OCD, the sufferer is unable to move on if anything isn't exactly "how it should be." i have a buddy who suffers from OCD. he spends 3 hours before writing a paper adjusting the placement of his pencil and the papers. he can take a few minutes to flick the light switches several times when entering a room. going to the movies is the worst. the only statement capable of expressing why, is "his seat." we have left movies after paying and mid way through, because the seat he was forced to sit in, due to his being ocupied, felt like "needles," as he put it.
1	Ok, This seems to have people with wrong answers, so I will explain. The headphones with the inline mic will work with any headphone adapter. It does not matter what program you are running, if your computer can use headphones, it will play through those speakers.   The microphone on the headset will NOT work unless you are on a rare computer that has that version of the headphone jack (if you look it will usually have a headset with a microphone pictured. My HP envy 14 has this port)
1	Over the last ~10 years of ordering stuff online, FedEx has never once not fucked something up.  I remember wayyyyy back in high school FedEx actually lost our school's SAT tests so we had to take them over the summer.
1	I think people value scrims way too much. Sure It's a good thing to practice your communication and team comps, but you can not just go out and say scrims are everything, ranked games are shit.   What NA needs is more 5v5 teams, which means giving more respect towards solo queue and getting teammates, even in bronze, people should make teams and try to learn game together, which is a more effective way to also improve your solo queue games as you learn what other people tend to think playing ranked 5's.   I know people in EU run some crazy shit in ranked 5s that effect the way our pros play and improve their playstyle. Even if you lose a game really hard against a pro team, you can teach them a thing or two if they had the mindset for it.
0	Totally agree.  Its a bout being a bro when they are NOT being bro-worthy that counts.  The best thing would be to convince your friend or even beat his ass for being a douche and cheating.  Telling the wife was a weak bitch move imo.   And all the boys using chivalry to justify OPs move doesnt know what real friendship should be about.  You protect them from the outside and do what you can to let them make the best decision between you two.  At least give him an ultimatum of him coming clean, breaking it off, or you will tell the truth.
1	The best thing to do is let people try champions out, and not everyone be forced onto ashe, yes i was forced onto ashe by a riot pop up screen 3 years ago.
1	my friend has a d1 main and has leveled over 15 accounts to diamond some for $$ and he gets it done everytime in under 100 games. he plays adcarry. you're clearly not good enough but so what. you can always improve. that idiot friend of yours got carried who cares about him. however if he is holding up in diamond now than he deserves it.
1	I disagree.  Although engineers stand a better chance at getting a job than most fields these days, it is naive to assume that the competitive aspect of pr gaming is exclusive to gaming.  Getting a job is a lot harder without an excessive amount of money, time and effort spent on education these days.  The amount of money/time/effort put into becoming an engineer could also be put into becoming a pro gamer.   The only thing that I beg you take heed of, Villinatorzz, is that LoL wont always be the #1 top played game.  If you spent the next few years playing hard enough, and learning as much as it took, to be a pro LoL player, then you might only have a short while to stay there.  I'm sure that another game will take LoL's place in another 4 years or so, and the best money will be put into that.  Technology, and by extension, games are growing rapidly.  You'll have to do a lot of learning and playing, in order to keep up, but I'm sure you can to it, if that's what you truly desire.   Good luck in either direction.
0	Wait, his/her movie suggestion personally insulted you?   I am almost 100% sure he/she did not suggest it because of the artistic qualities. I find it more likely he suggested that particular movie because the philosophical and moral issues Chris faced are similar to the ones OP is dealing with. Or maybe because he/she wants to show OP what can happen to you if you just up and disappear without a trace. Or maybe because he just   Maybe in the future you should spend a little less time getting upset about comments on reddit, and maybe go outside every once in a while
1	Ill be honest i call bs on the 2nd part of the video. I'm not an athene follower nor do i care much about what he has done in other games.(first time i heard of him was when he did a youtube video where he went around down telling people he was a paladin or something)  I think doing things for charity is very helpful. I watched his stream this morning for about 5-10 minutes before i had to turn it off because his attitude was shitty. he just started a game playing ryze, few minutes in he self proclaimed himself the best gamer in the world and was telling the stream something about him csing all day. He goes back to buy at lvl 4, teleported to a bot ward in a bush to gank. The bliz did not grab the enemy adc even though it was a perfect grab. Athene didn't didn't know this and totally calls out the blitz on stream saying he is the worst blitz eu. After athene told the blitz it was a easy grab the blitz responds with the grab was on cd. He runs back to his tower and comments on how now his tower is almost dead.(athene still being lvl 4 vs a karthus)   I'm not judging him on anything accept those 5-10 minutes of the game and in that short time i understood why people would "troll" him. Regardless if he had the right idea or best intentions when ganking he could of waited until lvl 6 where he was sure to get a kill.   If thats his attitude in every game all game then its understandable why he has stopped gaining elo. You cannot claim to be the best gamer in the world but in the same game blame everything on everyone else because "oh i'm famous". If You get your 2 main champs banned out become good at other champs. Don't give excuses like "they will just feed" or "everyone is out to get me". Guess what maybe you are not the best league player in the world who cares. You may have been a good wow player but you will not be good at every game you play. Stop going into the science about how people think and improve yourself.
1	As a 26yo father I admire your hobby, I don't know if I could juggle parenting and league, though I suppose il just have to step down my competitiveness.   And I like your point about WORKING.   We, as human beings (in capitalist economies anyway) work hard, and every penny we earn is a representation of that labor or ingenuity.   Riot works hard too. They develop content, which is the product we purchase with currency that represents our hard work.   So, as is the nature of money and labor in a free (enough) market, I am basically giving riot hours of my life, which I spent working very hard, to purchase a product which Riot also gave people currency to make. So riot is investing money in these employees and hoping their labor and ingenuity create a product which returns a profit on that investment.   This is basic economics. And I thin we all need to stop and realize that League of legends is both a HUGE investment monetarily for the owners, and also a MASSIVE return.   We directly control what kind of content we want because of this system. I'm not saying organize and boycot unless they make things better, but I am saying Capitalism is a democracy of currency, and if we cast our votes more in favor of better quality content Riot games will HAPPILY provide us with more like it because it makes them money, and money is the most important way the player base communicates with the devs.   So the next time you blow some RP on something you don't really want, or the next time you have an internal debate about wether or not to buy the skin you REALLY like but don't know if its worth it, understand that every penny, every riot point, not only exchanges your hard work for a (very worth it ImO) product, but that is also let's riot know, in a small way, that this kind of content needs more attention.
0	This does not need to be "fixed" it's not a bug in the first place. Youtube is a video streaming site, not a music site, and just because you decide to use it as one doesn't mean it should ever work that way. There is a feature being implemented in future versions of the Youtube app which will support what you call "broken" in the current version, but most likely not for the reasons you had in mind, instead it's most likely for people to be able to hear the audio from say tutorials on youtube when in another app, which is a viable use for youtube which hosts plenty of informative video tutorials.   Yeah I know it hosts the music videos with a single frozen picture but that's not what it's made for and accommodating for those videos is by no means a priority, because music streaming apps (with a single still picture called cover art) are available like, Pandora, Spotify, etc... and have on demand streaming for a fee. Youtube is free* you fucktards, don't expect it to kneel by your feet and do your bidding.
0	I have a theory about this.   The reason that "the customer is always right" is a thing because of the "they'll tell two friends" thing. The belief is that if a customer has a bad experience somewhere, they'll tell two friends, and then they'll each tell two friends, and so on. Suddenly you lose business because the word is that you're bad/unfair/whatever. There is merit to this..   BUT. The whole thing is leaving out a very important part of attracting customers: Demand. You can piss people off, and they may leave or go with someone else, but ultimately, you still have something they want. Take Comcast for example. A lot of people  hate  Comcast, but yet they're still in business. Why? Because they have demand, which they have wrested in a monopolization of their product, so it's actually shitty on their part. But my point is, even though people hate them, I don't see those people going without Internet.   A lot of times, people will come back even after a "negative" experience. Because demand ultimately overrides service.
1	I dont think so. IMO all champs that need to have a lot of damage have to build ie first. Just the adcs who already have enough dmg because of their kit and need more surviveability will build bt first eg: vayne, kog. Both of them are aqusihy as hell but heave enough damage due to their W.
0	This is the kind of thing that is hilarious, but would make absolute zero sense to anyone who's not on reddit
1	You also have to remember what's building into those items. Kindlegem can be built right after ruby crystal. You can have a kindlegem by 5 minutes in if things go your way. Glacial shroud requires a lot more time spent in the game to grab. Also remember that they can only be built into certain items. Kindlegem has a couple directions to go in whereas glacial shroud is purely for frozen heart
0	Aye, and it seems a lot of people are so radical about their atheism that they begin to manifest the same flawed properties that many theists do, just under the banner of "Science".   Agnosticism is the way to go, either way, really; agnostic atheism or agnostic theism, where essentially you're saying "I don't  know  if there is a deity, but I do/don't believe in one (or more)."   Gnosticism is where you 'do' know and you take your stance depending on your 'knowledge'. Although you cannot establish scientifically in any way that there is a God that exists and the burden of proof  is  on theists, you cannot say that a God cannot exist on the premise of there not being proof.   There is one person I 'know', whom is an honest Christian but an excellent scientist at heart as well. He understood well that under the scientific method and through logic he couldn't argue for Christianity being 'true'; he'd always held his religion as his personal belief and would go as far as to argue for agnostic atheism rather than Christianity. It's the  one  instance I've seen (and accepted the idea of) where someone clear-mindedly neglects logic in lieu of any other reason (perhaps comfort, emotion or whatever) and is able to see the errors of it, without faltering.   I'll always respect the man that can say he's not reasonably 'correct' and would argue otherwise, but making the exception for himself because it only needs to affect him.
0	Former HD department head here. I know Depot employees get a lot if bad rap because they are hard to find, but honestly 99% of the time it's the store mangers fault for keeping the building understaffed to cut costs. Unless they are a 200 million dollar store like Hawaii,  the staff is kept to a bare minimum so they can afford to over staff at large sales dates.   That being said, nearly everyone I worked with genuinely cared about helping customers and would often try to go above and beyond to help them with a problem. Of course there were still people who thought the company was evil for making them try to do their jobs, but on the whole most people loved their jobs.   I remember once my store manager sent the entire leadership team to help build an add on to a house for a old lady who had lost both her children in a horrible car accident and her grandkids were now coming to live with her. She couldn't afford to build the add on, so we ate the bill and helped with the project. It was awesome...the pure joy and gratitude on that woman's face still makes me smile from time to time.
0	Just because you pass your education well, doesn't guarantee you a job, nor does it mean you'll even get one.   In this day and age, you could have a masters in CS and still end up on the street.
1	I don't like him anymore his passive does shit all early game now I feel. Now I'm not saying the nerfs weren't warranted they were (he used to win like every lane). Its just he is no longer as much of a lane bully with more focus on scaling into the mid/ early late game. And quite frankly that makes me kinda sad. I liked having a Darius style ADC. Where u win every lane and snowball like a bitch 10minute ie anyone? I wish they nerfed his late game in a more meaning full way than just his ult cool down. Instead they gutted his early damage which is why corki and graves have risen to prominence as they always full filled a similar purpose of a strong lane and great mid game with decent late game scaling the only difference was their niche. Graves= burst, corki=poke and lucian= mobility. That is what each of these bursty early game adc's excelled at. They just hit Lucian with the ban hammer first because apparently pros value mobility the most.
1	Are you really thinking what you say? Ziggs and mundo where played. But they really became popular due to some changes. Mundo because of the tank masteries. Ziggs because of the assassin meta nerf and his slightly little buff on waveclear. It is not the buff on his ult. But the buff on his minefield. And that is why they removed that buff again in 4.2.
1	I will join you in your  CONQUEST TO OVERTHROW RITO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	it's very simple and with very i also mean very.   imagine you are the best LoL player in the world (the rest of the world doesn't know this and since you just got your account to lvl 30 you don't have the ranking to prove it either). this means that your knowledge, skill level, deduction level, playing style, adaptability are 10-10000x greater then the average you play with/against.   now you go ingame, you play sivir and they last pick vayne, this is soloq so laneswapping is impossible and you will end up playing vs. your counter. now your support is used to his friend( the adc normally) poking and engaging a bit and initiating on his own. however you poke and shit, but supports are supposed to engage in your opinion, so you end up playing the entire laning phase either in pure passive farmmodus or you both end up dead because there is 0 initiative.   both of you will think the other is an idiot for not initiating and missing opportunity's because of it. was your support wrong for assuming you would initiate, yes and no, that depends on the situation, your strategy and personal factors. were you wrong for assuming the support would initiate, yes and no, that depends on the situation, your strategy and personal factors.   assuming things is never good and explaining all variables isn't my point.   my point is that no matter what story, there are always 2 sides to it. if i have a bad start because i'm forced into jungling and i die in an early invade and then again when i still try to help the lanes with ganks. is that my fault? they lane i died at thought so and reported me.   now i don't want to play with that person ever again and i understand he wouldn't with me either, but had he helped and managed to kill the invade with me, would things still have worked out like this?
1	This is a terrible idea for a few reasons:     It puts more strain on people's computers. I've been in games where there's that one person with a wooden computer that takes seven minutes to load. By adding a chat system in the loading screen there will be even more strain on their computer.     Chatting in a loading screen will be incredibly laggy. Have you notice any other game that has a chat system in their loading screen? It's not in DOTA, Smite, Heroes, COD, WoW; pretty much every game because it would be choppy. There will be an input delay when you press a key on the keyboard and the letters showing up on  screen because the computer is straining hard to load the game and trying to figure out what the user typing.     Some people will miss what players say because they are still loading the game. Let's say at the beginning of the load someone typed out: "Hey Katarina go top!" Well Katarina is using one of those wooden computers and Katarina wasn't even in the loading screen when he typed that out.     This is a useless feature. Go get skype or ventrilo, or mumble. There's better things for Riot to design.     Some people go afk during the loading screen and afk's will miss what people typed out.     This is a huge waste of resources. If Riot puts this feature in then they will have to bugfix it and keep it  updated. And for what? Just a few extra minutes to type? That's what champion select is for and the two minutes people get at the beginning of the game. Riot is already having trouble maintaining their game. This will just be another thing for them to look after.     This is hardly a "game-changing" feature as you described. Let's take a step back and look at this feature objectively. All it does is give players a few minutes to type things out. In an average game most players wouldn't have the coordination and planning to invade or coordinate strategies. Also what strategies are you coordinating at the beginning of the game? I'm only asking this because most of the time the strategy at the beginning of the game is... going to your lane. I mean you can invade, but that takes a second to plan out by typing out in champion select, "Wanna invade?" "Okay!". What strategy at the beginning needs 10 more minutes for you to plan out?
0	I'm a bit too late, but reddit's voting system if very messed up. If you want to reach the front page, the first upvote matters the most; and it has to be quick. Within the first minute or so. You want a catchy title and for a meme, having the text readable in the thumbnail is also a big help.
0	alright I'll take this one   1)no-one said our debt was at dangerous levels, go read the original post. Yes we have less debt than the majority of the developed world but before labour took over we had a huge surplus. Also don't blame the GFC as deficit spending has continued well after that ended   2)Gillard only allowed a conscience vote because her party threatened to rebel and embarrass her at the liberal party conference. conscience vote was the compromise to keep from showing how little power she had, incidentally this is also the only reason we abstained from the Palestine UN vote.   3)We are bound by UN law to allow safe passage for Asylum seekers. This is EXACTLY why we try and avoid letting them land on mainland Australia because when they land here our law grants them certain rights, however when they land on islands or are intercepted before they get here we can deny them the due process they are entitled.   It seems like you are in favor of asylum seeker rights, as am I, but Gillards proposed 'Malaysia solution' was far more draconian than anything the liberals did. I mean ideally we should be processing them all onshore but unfortunately neither major party will do that.   4)Mining tax, carbon tax. Feel free to expand upon why these aren't valid if you actually think they have grounds.   5)See an honorable person would rather accept defeat than break a promise that saw them get the votes they did. You can say it was political reality but the fact is Gillard is in government rather than Abbott because she was willing to break her word and he wasn't.   6)yep   7)yep
0	Technology is basically math, and math is black and white. 2+2 is always going to equal 4.   Real world is much more grey and complex. You can never say "All bad bankers should go to jail" because there is so much grey area. What if an employee was being threatened, and felt in danger unless they acted in a way which would make them a "bad banker". Should they go to jail? or should the person forcing their hand go to jail? If you argue the person forcing their hand is responsible, you can always argue "well the banker could have quit". Is it reasonable to expect someone to quit or leave, anytime they feel they are doing something "immoral"? If you think so, how do you justify soldiers, etc, etc.   Law and politics is much more moral, and anything that's moral is just about a blurry and grey as you can get. Everyone is influencing eachother, and there are an infinite amount of variables that you can  never  make an equation in which x+y=z.
0	Australian with an hono(u)rs degree in American history (I wrote about polarization and political realignment in US politics and society).   I'm no expert, but I think Reddit really does give all sides, you just have to read between the lines - just like listening to Glenn Beck all day will give someone who has a basic understanding of the situation in the US, listening to Obama supporters all day will still give you an understanding, as long as you realize they're only one side of the divide.   Politics in the US is the same as politics in Australia, only it's more intense. There's still the socially liberal and ecomomically "conservative" versus socially conservative and economically liberal divide, with some (butthurt) libertarian outliers. The issues are still fundementally the same. No, all Republicans aren't evil bible bashers, although the far right have had undue influence in that party since at least the 1980s.   For the Australian wishing to understand US politics, in addition to actually studying the US politcal system and its history, the thing to remember is that most of the Americans you speak to will be on one or the other side of this divide (or libertarian, leaning either left or right), and at least one half will see you as influenced by a biased media (don't worry, they claim this of their fellow Americans as well).   You're  never  going to get an American tell you "gee, you sure have a fair and balanced understanding of our political situation", but that doesn't mean you don't understand what's going on - if anything, it makes you part of it.
0	I too have never heard of them until this ordeal.  I used their restaurant locator to find if there were any in my state and there were not which explains why. It is a restaurant chain most popular in the south-eastern united states. Flordia, Texas, North Carolina, and Georgia account for over 40% of their total restaurants. Only about 1/5th of the restaurants are actually owned by the company the rest are franchised establishments. Ten states have no locations at all.
1	i played a little game called RYL (Risk Your Life), it was a WoW clone, but it was all about the pvp. two races against each other, human and akhan, map 3 is constant pvp where you can raid the other race's main town. you'd get "fame" when you killed someone, and then this would appear as bars all the way up to a crown next to your name. the more bars you had (crown = king), the stronger in pvp you were.   anyway brazilians were notorious hackers on all the servers (RYL turned into a private server community), so all of brazil was ip banned on most private servers for this game. then the brazilians got upset at this, and ddos'd the servers until they got their way and were unbanned.
1	This may be controversial, but I'm taking a breather, so here goes.   Lore is not, and never will be, the best reason to play League. It's always kind of sucked. The sheer variety of champions, settings, and change means that the lore team will always be relying heavily on tropes, to which we can bring prior understandings. Janna is a particularly familiar trope/cliche- that's why her story sucks. It gives us no new interest or information.   in fact, champions are explicitly built on tropes. When champion designers are asked, "Where did you get inspiration for Lucien (for example,)" they usually respond with something like, "We thought it would be really cool to have a gun templar in the league." Thats a trope, we all recognize it. And thats where any power it might have comes from. Because its certainly not from his 500 word lore page.   Reliance on tropes means that there is less storytelling that needs to be done, because we bring to the characters an understanding of who they are and how they act, gleaned from familiar archetypes and analogues in other media.   But, the kicker is THATS OK. Lore will always, at most, be flavor to add to core gameplay experiences. I'd much rather there be a robust esports scene, good gameplay balance, and a new champ every month or two than a good story. If I want a story, I like to read books. Or watch movies. Both of those media are better for storytelling than (most) videogames, atm. Let alone a MOBA, which as storytelling restrictions inherent to the form.
0	I didn't know where to put this so here will have to do. for some reason I really hope Amy sees your post, I don't know if you ever told her how you felt but, to me at least, it's clear that you love her very much and I hope she knows it. I sincerely hope guys can get through this, be together and be  happy . we only live once so do what makes you happy and to hell with anyone who says otherwise. Best of luck to you OP, live long and prosper.   this turned out longer than expected so:
0	This is fantastic. I have always used a coin toss, specifically because if it comes up tails and I think I should go for two out of three, then I wanted it to land on heads. I thereby go with the option I find myself forced to admit that I desire more than the alternative.   Waking in the middle of the night to solve a decision that you may be over thinking is brilliant. Not only will it suddenly alert you to your actual desired outcome, but it would let you determine how much each outcome matters. If faced with three or four options, and I select one, then fall back asleep thinking of two and four as missed opportunities, then even if it doesn't solve the issue I will at least know that number three is apparently irrelevant.
1	No, what this tells you is people don't find everything with a vagina attractive.  Lux doesn't look to bad, but I don't like blondes, and the one on the right, well isn't attractive to me, and apparently other people.   It's amazing, you don't find someone attractive, you're shallow, you find someone attractive you aren't shallow (but you did just judge a book by its cover?).  Each person has their opinions, they aren't wrong or right they are what people think.  I think Megan Fox is not attractive, I think blondes are generally not attractive, and girls with an oddly shaped face with lots of eye shadow and no chin, are not attractive.   You think anyone comes to the "rescue" of ugly guys on the internet? Nope, and if they do, they shouldn't.  Its called SELF ESTEEM, just because people don't share the same opinion or "value" of someone's looks doesn't make them wrong.   The internet allows people to be more honest and open, and people think its because a "group" of people are assholes, no its because of the internet.  People are much more likely to say they find someone unattractive on the internet then in person, so now that you are in a sea of "anonymous" you assume these people are judgmental because they are "ugly, superficial, lifeless" no they just don't give a fuck what people think.  You assume that there isn't a jock, a model, or a VP, or random "perfect" person on the other side of the keyboard, but you really don't know, ignorance is the only thing you are fighting with.
1	It depends on the role you are fulfilling, and how aggressive you want to be. Those two make for a VERY aggressive build, probably for something like an AD carry. As far as the choice between Flash/Ghost it depends on if your champion needs to be especially positioned for certain skills or not. I always bring CV when i'm on support, and if i'm still not comfortable with a solo top, i'll bring teleport to be able to b and get back to lane quick.
0	it's not that they think that, but they don't want the liability of telling someone "DO THIS IT TOTES WORKS!" and then having the 1 idiot kill themselves on their conscience.  I'm in the middle of an EC stack (no aspirin) and have definitely gotten lightheaded/blurred vision and i'm following the hotnfit.com dosage strictly.   The stack absolutely works, and when people see that they get greedy and up it to try to get faster results.  I'm not entirely convinced that the "1-5% BMR increase" does a whole lot, but the stack completely kills your appetite and dehydrates you, which is the dangerous part.  You pretty much have to force yourself to eat, which is why I got dizzy.
1	At least here on BR, people who uses drop hack do not get a life time ban, it is just a  1 month ban .   2 months ago I was loosing a ranked solo queue game (~plat5), the game was pretty over, the enemy team was holding a big advantage against us. Around the 15min mark the game drops, I couldn't connect to it again and it disappeared from my match history. I knew that wasn't me using the drop hack, so I checked the other 4 guys. One of them was holding a full victory page and some of his matches had 2~3 hours difference between the others, who plays one match every 3 ours?   I created one support ticket about this guy and he got a ban, between my ticket and the ban he managed to go to platinum and changed his name. I saved his lolking page and 1 month after the ban he started to play again and changed his name one more time.
0	I was introduced to two girls at a friend's barbecue last night. For whatever reason, I assumed that these two girls were friends and had came together. Well, early in the night, the two girls are standing with us in a group circle and on girl starts to leave and says, "Goodbye! Nice meeting you!" and gives me a hug (along with the rest of the group). Being proactive, I walk to the other girl (the blonde girl), whose name I don't remember, and give her a hug and say, "goodbye, nice meeting you" to her (assuming she was going to follow her "friend" out). She gave me the oddest look and when I realized the other girl left solo, I instinctively began saying goodbye to everyone else standing around to cover up my premature farewell to the blonde girl. My friends were completely confused. I left my tupperware behind.
1	excately this happenes in my last game. nasus 0/4 top, wont ward, continues to push, blaming me the jungler for him losng lane. I told him in a not so pleasent way to remain quiet since our bot lane is 4/0 and if he listens to me he'll win.   he continued to be disobediant and try to be pro. me mid and bot conitue to carry ward and take ojectives. we eventually win a long hard comeback.   in post game stats nasus has 5 ranked wins... 5. let that sink in.   I have over 4k games played.   dis I mention I wasbjunglung sejuani becuase this first pick nasus banned all the decent junglers.
0	Atleast where I live (the Netherlands), teachers throw this word at you If you want to introduce yourself in english. It would be logical for dutch people to say "mother language". But If you use that in a sentence, your teacher gets mad at you and tells you: "It's mother tongue". I share the same thought as you do. Its just education that hammers this word into our brains.
0	Look I'm a MRA so I support gender equality (that means no special exceptions for either women or men).   But  asking people of a certain gender to show your their body parts before you take them seriously  is most certainly sexist . It's motherfucking sexist as fuck.   Even if "tits or gtfo" started as a misguided egalitarianism, it most certainly is chauvanistic as hell and primarily spoken  not  by well-meaning internet users who want to encourage equal treatment and a high quality of conversation ... but by people who want to demean women and want to see some titties.   I can't imagine the fucked up leaps in logic (or rather, lack of logic) that leads you to defend this shit.
0	If this happened after the Virginia Tech shooting I think I would very loosely understand the school's superstition. The shooter also wrote poems  in his school years and the school probably related her to him... except he apparently became a shooter after getting bullied in school.
1	There's at least one D5 player with mid plat mmr who's name I have memorized who will afk split push all fucking game if he gets mad for any fucking reason. Fuck that guy, he's ruined like five of my games, one of them being my fifth fucking promotion series into plat 2.   And there's  another  D5 player who I've played with three times, who once afk'd as support ten minutes one game, then died like eight times in lane another, and the third game he got his friend to intentionally throw the match.   And the worst thing about plat and higher is you start getting matched with the same players over and over again, so some people will troll you just because you were that 0/3 caitlyn from three matches ago.
1	I'm not sure about post-buff as i haven't played with her yet, but she was a tad underpowered before the hotfix. You're right in saying she's a bit wasted in lane, but thats mostly because she has no real harass. You can use her Q for it, but leveling that up is redundant since it does less damage and doesnt gain a lower CD, and the stun on her W is too short to be worth using.  Her jungling wasn't bad, like you said, but again, there are people who are a bit better, whether its because of speed in the jungle (Nocturne) or ganks (Gangplank).   And finally, she doesn't have a great escape, which is generally pretty important for a close range ad melee type character to have.
0	I feel like the Catholic church's views were never really controversial. It was just the Vatican's treatment of issues (and pushing for legislation) that made it seem so bad.   For instance, I feel like the Catholic view on gay marriage is perfectly reasonable: any sex outside of a Catholic marriage or having sex without being open to having a child is wrong. And a Catholic marriage can only be between a man and a woman.   Defining a "Catholic marriage" isn't taking away anyone's rights. Besides, with this definition, having any type of sex outside of marriage or even using a condom is considered wrong.   It's fine if people believe that using birth control/condoms is wrong. It's fine if they believe gay marriage is wrong. It only becomes a problem when it starts impeding on peoples rights: when the Catholic church goes out of its way to make sure people know certain issues are wrong and actively pushes for legislation.   I don't really care what the Catholic church says about condoms but if they start pushing for legislation to make condoms illegal there's something wrong. Same with gay marriage: I don't care what the church says about it but I get mad when they try to make/keep it illegal.     And I think this is why Pope Francis is seen as such a good guy: he's not changing beliefs, especially with controversial issues. He's just changing their emphasis and how they should be "enforced" upon other people.
0	Don't feel bad. I get lots of girls and I still do this. Thing is, when you are first texting a girl you have to be VERY careful about how you come across, to the point of timing your replies because girls read into everything and as soon as they start to think you like them too much they will stop being into you. You have to intentionally go out of your way to communicate nonneediness.
1	Hmm, I don't think having a jungler is THAAT obsolete >,>. I mean, their is a threat with 'having a jungler' that affects EVERY lane.   I can't even see how caitlyn loses after pushing to your tower without a jungler. I mean, unless she makes a silly mistake. Caitlyn needs to back because being oom is risky when the jungler is MIA. But if everyone is on the map, being oom means nothing, she'll just shoot you every time you come for cs, and if you try to all in her, you're murdered by 500 creeps.
0	Look into the non-pill options. I recently got an IUD and I'm thrilled about it. Mildly painful to get, crampy for a week, and then bam, no more worries for 5 years. I even got the hormonal one that lightens your period (talked with the doctor, the hormonal levels in your brain do not change detectably) and it has been great. You might have to hunt a bit to find a doctor to help you if you haven't had a kid before. There is a higher risk of expulsion so they can be hesitant to do it.
1	Fear the void" Kassadin "Die running" Singed "A different view" Lulu
1	He's got free time for awhile and he's said he is gonna try to "give back" to the subs and fans that have stuck with him thru the highs and lo's of TSM. He also said that he feels the reason why he has such a fanbase to begin with was because he used to teach/commentate on his streams way back in the day... so he is trying to get back to that for awhile.
1	Hope you don't mind me disagreeing, but a under her tower leona is a lot more useful than a close tou your tower leona. The stun lock all-in potential is awesome for a lane gank of the jungler, since leo can keep the opposing adc locked enough time for the vi/lee/elise/fiddle/xin to get there. when she is close to your turret, UNLESS their far ahead enough for a SoloQ uncoordinated dive [in that case, your lane's lost anyway], she is useless since she can't use CC on you. I like to freeze up the lane near my turret or at maximum in the middle of the lane, so my supp can: 1- Harass her 2- Be able to push out the other adc if she all-ins and making enemy adc have a hard time running away 3- help me run to my on turret and sustain back. [depending on the support picked].
1	To be honest this is why lulu needs to nerfed however, she is simply too safe, lulu is a champion that is low risk high reward, her utility is too high because she can go in with her damage and be completely safe, she is essentially the perfect mage in comparison to traditional mage picks like brand, and ziggs and while she isn't op damage wise shes simply too safe for the return you get.
1	Well, it is more about the purpose of each rare skin. Earlier skins have been made unavailable so that they are rare, and this rarity is a reward to the people who supported Riot back when it was very small.   Perhaps a new skin could be implemented as a reward for those who have spent obscene amounts of money on this game (moneybags gragas riot pls), but it would occupy a different role than the skins like The Mighty Jax.
0	The communication part you mentioned. So many people forget that kids are actually little people. They will never learn if they don't understand, just like everybody else. Talk to them, openly and frankly, about why we do and don't do things and how to do  things, in terms they can understand, and answer any and all questions they might have openly and honestly (Even and especially the uncomfortable ones), and not only will they learn to behave properly, but they will respect you and anything you have to say. Fostering this kind of communication early helps avoid a lot of the problems people encounter in the teen years as well, as the boundaries are already established and it is now easy for them to not only listen to you, but also to talk to you.
0	The bipar-tea-san trade agreement of 1869 forbids all tea based taxation (tree oils and the iced variety being a notable exception). However, since the introduction of Starbucks to the high street, this tax exemption has extended to all manner of coffees, smoothies and drinking chocolates.
1	Even if your decision making is top notch, you're not going to do well if your cs is crap, or if you can't push your buttons properly. It's definitely a mix of both knowledge and skill. What I find even more interesting is the discrepancy between junglers and other laners. If you look at someone like saint, who may not have the same level of mechanics as some of the 17 year olds, he more than compensates with his decision making and knowledge of the game.
0	Both me and my best friend come from divorced families. She was unlucky enough to get an ass for a stepfather  early on and he forced her to call him "dad" right from the beginning. I remember around her 8th birthday she accidentally called him "Louie" (he never treated her well or like a father) and he took her out to the parking lot and screamed at her, claiming she had embarrassed him by not calling him dad. Even though her real father was still in the picture and active in her life, Louie demanded it of her and punished her otherwise. She learned to call him "dad" to his face and his actual name when out of earshot.   My stepdad is a really warm and welcoming man and never pushed for me to call him "dad", even though he was in my life since I was 12 or so and helped more than my real dad ever did. "Todd" will have a meaning closer to what "dad" is suppose to be any day.
1	I was first excited by the Teemo pick, just because it is so troll. But after some minutes of watching the game I realized, that not only playing against a Teemo is frustrating, to watch others play against one is an even bigger pain. This was one of the most boring games to watch, TSM couldn't take a single step out of their lanes, C9 couldn't force anything due to Teemo being useless in team fights. Not really what I want to see in the LCS to be honest.
0	You would be surprised   Monetary incentives tend to have the reverse effect  than what the intention was for jobs that involved beyond rudimentary cognitive skill. The best incentive for creativity is autonomy.   This works on the concept that  people WANT to do creative things , new things, better things. They just want the red tape, the authority, to get out of the way. They want the means to do it, these means their job can provide, but their job takes up their time and directs their efforts away from their own pursuits.   This explains why something like "open source" can exist. There's no money in open source. Why do it. Because people aren't motivated by money. If you give them enough money so that it's no longer a concern, then it's forgotten.  People are motivated by purpose.  And a whole lot of other things, but that's a textbook worth of information.
0	Well-the-fuck, it makes everyone, as a whole, move faster.   If everyone kept "safe distance room" in front of them let everyone in, both lanes of traffic could merge without any slowdown at all.   But go on, hate that guy. Your habits are the ones everyone else is repeating that is slowing everyone down.
1	Basically everyone who used to rush BT goes IE because this now gives the most damage because of the crit, if you're vayne/trist etc a cutlass is optional first, then continue your normal build as before 4.9 e.g. triforce/ph/ss ==> lw ==> BT ==> GA/Ran/Banshees/Scimitar ==> Furor/zephyr
0	Or even girls.   More than a few times I've had random drunk girls come up and just hug or kiss me... believe it or not, it wasn't the the end of the world... I was actually kind of flattered.   I have a feeling if I did that to a girl though, the story wouldn't be the same.
1	I got chat restricted for 150 games after a 15 day ban, and now I barely talk in game and never flame (I'm still chat restricted) because I really want to stop being toxic, but sometimes after a really bad game when I lost lane/fed unintentionally I get the pop-out warning of "negative attitude". It's stupid because I feel that even if I try to be nice and improve I'll still be reported and there is nothing I can do against people that report because they are mad they lost the game, and since I already have a really bad "reputation" any report obviously counts 10x.
1	Probably:]( In all likelihood, or in math, generally >50% chance of happening.   Possibly means it has even a slightest chance of happening, whereas probably generally means >50% chance of happening, if you want to argue semantics.   Couldn't find a defintition for Gamebreaking, so I'll give you one.  Literally breaks the game , not loses you the game, not landing a w has less of a chance to lose you a game than accidentally buying 2 pairs of boots (now not possible unless it's teir 2 but still). That extra gold could win you the game.   I'll say it again  losing a game doesn't make it gamebreaking , if that one kill would have won you the game, you must be so evenly matched in skill in all your lanes that you could have played better and won that way. Gamebreaking generally entails bugsplats and the like. I d/c'ed for 10 minutes because I had to go through 3 bugsplats and 2 random disconnects and only came in when everyone was level ~7. We still won that game because we were better, and as such, you missing 1 w will not lose you that kill: Namely because Darius' passive speeds you up when you have bleed stacks, and I believe w has a lower cdr when you attack someone with multiple bleed stacks.   I.E. You're wasting that 50 damage if you start a fight with w, considering you'll get q bleed speed, e pull, you could ghost if that 50 damage is worth it, ignite it that kill is worth it, or just get ms from q e and then get w - with a lower cdr = more damage.   So no, it's not even possibly gamebreaking, and I'm extremely sceptical that you landing 1 w is the win or lose tie breaker of your game.   Also, note that the only applicable situation this would happen in is if you were chasing with w on. You are a melee champ. If they run you don't stay still for a second, you follow them. "Oh but they used #generic gap closer here#", then use ghost. Your bleed speed boost should let you catch up anyway.
1	very well put. the reason i mainly stay with tri-force is for the kiting and sustain that it gives him (Q proc sheen and slow from phage, auto, w, auto, q, auto etc). I usually don't mess around with PD because you alreay get the built in AS with tri-force, plus if you're hitting your Q's and initiate with ult, passive gives plenty of AS. I agree with you on the infinity edge though for sure, nothing makes an AD output quite like an IE.  I guess I just like to play him purely for his zone/kite abilities rather than using him as a straight up duelist. Seems like people who play him wanting super deeps go the PD/IE/LW route which serves their purpose well, though IMO, the sheen phage is to much utility to ignore on a great kite like ezreal. Cheers man!
0	Ok, i'm going to dispel this myth that kids who wear Dre beats think that they know everything there is to know about music. Im 19 and for Christmas two years ago I got some black Solo's (which saved me $200.) At first I was that snobby kid who thought I was the shit because I listened to hip-hop and thought that hearing nothing but bass and snare was the ultimate experience (i'm white, sue me.) But then I listened to other genres and just learned to appreciate the music and not be a total douche about it. Sure some people who see me with them are like "Whoa man you got beats can I hear what they sound like?" And usually I oblige and share but it's not like i'm a studio producer who knows EVERY FUCKING THING about sound quality and noise cancellation.
0	Its common customer service procedure to require agents to reassure the caller that the agent is still on the line and actively working to resolve their issue. In fact, there is often a maximum "dear air" time threshold of 30 second to 1 minute which a customer should remain on hold without being spoken to. Going over that time will often lead to the CSR being dinged on their QA. If the task allows it, great CSRs will make small talk while they work. But if they need to concentrate completely, the great ones will put you on hold and pop in every minute or so to give you a quick update and estimated ETA to resolution. The not so great ones will give you the "please hold" stuff.
0	Marxism was like the original, most complete form of communism, where there is no government whatsoever and the working class has risen up to conquer the bourgeosie (basically factory owners or middle class) and everyone is equal. Socialism is where the government controls all business but people can still own private property. Capitalism is basically every man for himself, where those who succeed are rewarded financially and those who fail are stuck in poverty. In reality, all of these systems don't exist exactly as they are. Complete Marxism and complete capitalism are equally infeasible.   Source: Honors History class, in high school. (I have a 4.5 GPA... I think I'm pretty reliable, regardless of my education)
1	Gear can also make the difference.   I was Ryze mid, and they came out with a Leblanc. I just knew I was about to get assassination by her combo every time it was available.   At 3 she got a kill with the help of jungle. At 6 she got her own kill. At 7 we both killed each other as she got cocky and initiated by my tower, and I managed to get my rune prison on her + q + tower hits, so we both died.   I came back with negatron, and rushed BV immediately after tear and the next fight I won, albeit on about 8 health.   They had a Vlad top, and I was still scaling damage from stacking my tear up so I went whole hog on the MR. Got another negatron and turned it into an AS before going to my normal items.   We won the game quite easily.   A dodgy start (from which quite a few teams might have really laid into me but these didn't for some nice reason!) led to me dominating mid game being almost impervious to both Le-blanc and Vlad and our bot having won their lane too.   Champ countering exists - but with runes, masteries, gear, skill, and team comp all playing a part of the result, it's by no means the biggest deal!
0	My brother actually asked if I would just do his art homework (I was 8 and he was 7).  I was really talented back then and drew him the most kick-ass eagle ever.  I took the time to draw each individual feather and really pimped out my talent.  Well my brother is a complete dumbass and forgot to put his name on it (aka the ONLY work he had to do) and when he turned it in some other kid claimed it was his art.  The school ended up sending that little basturd to art school.
0	The idea that a "man attracted to teenagers" is so so bad is a thing that scared the ever-loving crap out of me as a  young  man.   When you're 22, you're a "man attracted to teenagers."  Not all of them, one would hope.  (13?  Ew.)  But 18 and 19 are certainly still fair game.  Right?  And maybe 17?  That's not that far off.  Even 16 still  looks  attractive when you're only 22.   This scared the crap out of me.  This would come out at times when "scumbag brain" was at work, like when I would be trying to sleep, of course.  The fear was that I was certainly still attracted to a group of women who were becoming increasingly taboo.  Was this going to be something I would have to resist forever? Was I going to have a moment of weakness and end up in some federal pound me in the ass prison?   So in those moments, I gained some understanding of what it must be like for people who are attracted to something/someone they can never have.  It must be utter hell.  "Sword of Damocles" indeed.   Fortunately for me, I have since become decidedly  not  attracted to teenagers in the first place, so my fears were unfounded.  I don't  hate  them, and they're still kinda cute and all.   But then they  talk .   I... I just can't.  Just no.  I need someone my age.  Seriously.   It's all moot, since my wife is my age and incredibly awesome.  But she and I were discussing wills and living trusts and all that "in case something happens" stuff and the inevitable question came up, "Would you find someone else?"  She made jokes about young buxom trophy wives and I just got the heebie jeebies.   I told her, "I wouldn't want to spend the rest of my life  alone , but I can tell you already that it won't be like  that ."
1	OK people need to stop hating on Wickd, his champion pool actually isnt that small perhaps his kayle games at worlds was last luckluster, but he seems to be able to play it well in EU LCS as he has won the two games he played her in   more or less, his main focus with kayle was to counter the ryze, as his other champions cant counter ryze, therefore went kayle top again to try and counter the ryze but got wrecked by elise's ganks therefore never really executed what he wanted to do with kayle   if maokai or irelia were up, he would have probably used them but guess what, both were banned wickd's champion pool is where, the only meta top laner he does not play, is ryze he has played a lot of other champions, but irelia has always been his strongest champ and since it is in the meta, why not pick it   if froggen's anivia was in the meta right now, i am pretty sure froggen would continue to pick it   waht he couldve gone however, is lulu, if you havent noticed, he has played it a lot at eu summer split, also with it, he would actually make the team comp, idk not suck?
0	Unless you were shooting film, you would have realised this after 3 or 4 long exposures and compensating for the under-exposure.   So, 30 seconds is usually the maximum shutter speed setting, unless your camera has an intervalometer built-in, or you have a remote that allows for longer exposure, or you were using "bulb" mode (which you weren't - I can almost guarantee)  x 4 shots = 2 minutes. Say you were farting around for one or 2 minutes in between each shot (for God knows what, because if the lens cap was on, you certainly weren't trying to frame anything correctly). I'd say the "all night" part of this was actually 10 minutes.
1	Well, it is bullshit that we don't get any real compensation. I have spent hundreds of dollars on this game, and when the servers were down for a week (after I requested 3 days off from work to go to a wedding/play copious amounts of League) I was pissed. And I believe, rightly so. Do I feel like I "own" the game, and I am entitled to play it? Yes.   I have spent money on a toy, and I intend to use that toy. Riot, stop taking away my fucking toy and then telling me that I should get over it.
1	Agree. Nearly every time riot introduced a new item they deleted old ones. Newest example being the new SotAGolem. Why didnt the leave the old golem in and introduced the new golem and quillcoat as a new item?   On the other hand they keep introducing shitty new items with cool sounding unique effects but such shitty stat-mixes, buildpaths or slot-efficiency that noone will ever build them.   In my opinon Magic-Resist-Itemization for tanks is one of the few examples, how item-diversity should be done: You have 3 different items to choose from, all are similar efficent in terms of gold and slots; all give you the stats you need (400HP 40+MR) and each of them has a different topping, so you can choose what you want in a certain situation. Need teamfightpower => Locket. Need to block 1 important Spell => Banshees. Have a Soraka and a cool selfheal => Spirit Visage. A similar example are the UG-Staff-Items. All give you the AP you need and you can choose between them based on if you want burst, DPS or Surviveability.   This principle should be used for Classes of items!   Worst offender is the support itemisation. Im looking at you Talisman! Talisman is straight out a shitty item. Nobody wants to wast a slot for 20% CDR and a bit of mana-reg. But it happens to have like the best aktive in the game on it, which is too important in certain situations to not have it. Thus you are stuck with a shitty item and miss out a lot of tankyness as support. Worst thing about Talisman is, that even with its priceless strategical value it is blocked out by all other Gold items. So as a jungle tank you cant enhance your engage-potential because you would need to sacrifice your clearspeed and alot of tankyness for 20% CDR -.-. As a support you cannot build that valueable Shield for your beloved ADC because then your team would never catch that enemy ziggs......   In my opinion shureilas active should be a (very expensive) Boots enhancement, so everyone has access to it.
0	Ok, so my though on the whole silent treatment or expecting people to read minds regarding relationship (any kind) is that it comes from shame. People are hesitant to voice there complaints about people they care for because, at some level, they don't feel they are entitled to have expectations of the people in their lives.  If you can rightly guess whats wrong, then it lends validity to their desire for change. When you don't it just compounds their guilt about wanting something other, regardless of the rightness of their desire, than what they have. This just increases their shame which in turn gets internalized and expressed as frustration. This isn't an entirely conscious process, we are not inherently rational beings.
1	Vayne is a really difficult pick but still viable, definitely. It really depends on the matchup as to how you play it, so I'll take the matchups one by one.   Vs Sivir:  This is actually not that hard a lane for you. Hold tumble for when she tries q'ing you, you have pretty much the same aa range so she can't zone you. As long as you have fast enough reactions on tumble you can avoid most of the harass. This really comes down to the supps in lane, and this lane will be brutal if Annie is the Sivir's supp. Leona and Thresh are nasty too but awareness and you can tumble away from that too. 6 is your biggest friend. She gets disengage/engage at 6 but you get a massive powerspike. Try to use that to your advantage. This WILL get really tough if you fall behind though. You outscale Sivir by a long way.   vs Lucian: With the best harass in the game atm in early levels, this is quite a difficult lane. I usually don't pick into it, but if you HAVE to.. Avoid piercing light with tumble when possible, and use your condemn/tumble to get out of the culling if he fires that up. Your best bet is having a hard lockdown like Leona or a strong sustain like Nami or Raka in your support. If you have a Leona you can chain stuns into condemn to lockdown Lucian for an entire fight. Again, use your 6, Vayne has one of the strongest 6's on an ADC. Lucian also can't properly lock you down with the culling when you ulti.   Vs Jinx: This can both be a brutal lane or a really easy one. Jinx will zone you if she uses her rockets right, but she lacks the mobility if you engage on her. Which means a good position with wards means that you can condemn her easily, with her lacking the repositioning of Lucian or the spellshield of Sivir. She has a near as large powerspike at 6 as you, but yours doesn't need you to land a skillshot, so you definitely outdo her if you can dodge the rocket. Unless she zoned you too hard pre-6, which is always a possibility. A Taric is actually really good into this matchup, just because of the bonus armour making you able to survive early trades.
1	So, it was like three weeks ago, played a full 5-man premade game with my friends. We were like, 40 minutes into the game and I was fed as fuck, playing Lux. We had made some terrible decisions mid-game, but won the latest teamfights thanks to great combos and initiates, but at this point we were pretty pushed up, with mid inhib gone and inner turrets on side lanes still standing. Their Jarvan decided to push up top and I went there to stall it a bit, suddenly out of nowhere three-four enemies flashed and collapsed on me, resulting in a pretty much instant death and that was the end, my team couldn't hold them off until I had respawned. Overall my fault, I had been telling them not to get caught all game long and then I go do just that, not thinking about the fact that we had no vision what so ever. I'm pretty sure I said "Fuck I'm sorry guys. Shit shit shit." about 40 times over skype that night.
0	One of the fire departments I worked for had coverage area that included Interstate 5(Which runs on the west coast from Canada to Mexico) and was a source of constant accidents.   Anytime there was an accident, we would have to hop on the freeway to get to the scene. It never failed that some idiot felt too important or too special to wait in line like everyone else and would jump into the emergency lane to pass people.   It was more often than not a BMW, but that is a different matter.   So here we come down the freeway code 3, in the emergency lane when we come up to some idiot that decided to use the emergency lane; and some trucker takes objection and rolls into the lane to keep the bmw from getting past him. Now we are blocked and cannot get to the accident.   I get on the PA system and let the bmw know that he needs to get out of the emergency lane. I lay on the airhorn to make my point. Mr bmw gets flustered and decides to roll up into the grass to the side of the breakdown lane.   He instantly gets stuck in the mud.   The highway patrol was behind us and pulled over to give him a citation...
0	THIS IS SHIT!!!! OMG LOL COSTCO IS A SHITY PLAEC 2 WORK!11111 OMG WTF COSTCO IS A TYPICAL SHITY RETALEAR LIEK WALMART TAHT CHOS3S 2 HIER AN ARMY OF PART TIEM TENAEGRS INST3AD OF FAWER FUL TIEM POSITIONS SO IT CAN AVOID PAYNG FOR THNGS LIEK VACATION!!1111! IT IS 3XCEDNGLY RAER TAHT IT PROMOT3S ANYONA FROM PART TIEM 2 FUL TIEM REGARDLAS OF HOW GOD AN EMPLOYE TH3Y AER111!1 OMG WTF P3OPLA AT COSTCO TAHT MAEK 17 AN HOUR(TH3Y R NOT TEH MAJORITY CONTRARY 2 WT OP SAYS AND HAEV BAN THEIR FOR OV3R A D3CAED 2 GAT TAHT PAY) GAT AROUND 10-15 HOURS A WEK!1!1!1! OMG WTF ADITIONALY LIEK MOST OTH3R SHITY JOBS TH3Y TEND 2 RAGULARLY HAEV SADE PART TIEMRS WORK UNTIL 130PM AT NIGHT AND TH3N HAEV TH3M CLOK IN AT WORK AT 6M TEH NAXT MORNNG11!1!1 FINALY TURNOV3R RAET AT COSTCO IS VERY HIGH1!11 OMG WTF LOL
1	Here's another thought. I've seen some threads advise others to "make plays" if they want to carry themselves out of such and such Elo/league.   Having a smurf in the bronze league, I see people trying this in every game. This is what I tell my teammates:   Until you hit plat/diamond/challenger whatever fuck tier,  don't  make a play you cannot handle because you're not skilled enough. Accept that you're in bronze/silver/gold whatever fuck tier Elo hell because you're not skilled enough yet to make those crazy dives and over the wall chases pros do and laugh about.
0	There's still made in America, we just don't want to pay for it, and if it truly isn't here anymore then that's because when you don't buy something after too long it goes away.
1	Zyra- Mid or support, but for the sake of the question, support.   Even before S4 gold influx to supports, I've played her with the burning bush build in the support or mid roll. This was of course, Banner of Command, Liz Elder(before S4, now a talisman), liandries, Derp Cap, shoes,  and rylai's.   The ammount of damage that one can pull off by popping down 2 plants and walking away is rediculous at any stage in the game. Most of my games with her I out damage everyone on the team while still filling the ward whore roll.   Seeds allow you to extend even without wards in some cases.   The ult is one of the bests at AoE engage or disengage.   Great wave clear   If I'm up against a thresh or a blitz I get the extra challenge of popping the seed down to block grabs, a true skill any Zyra player should thoroughly enjoy mastering. Going against a Nid? Stalemate in mid and shes poking away? Seeds> Yasuo Wall with the amazingly short cooldown   Back on the build. Banner of Command just got a buff to 80 AP. Hell, even with this it's still not seen too much, and its a pretty cool active. Want to set up for Barron, but down want to go down to bot and show yourself pushing it out? Drop Bob down the lane, lots of teams wont notice him. Not to mention the extra help the item gives when taking out towers. It's also another 15% extra damage for your seeds.   Dead even fights leaving enemies rolling away with 200 health? Kog'Maw's passive just became a skill shot that can cause flashes to go down even if its not even close.   Sure theres the draw back of having to protect some guy from not only everything around him but sometimes himself for the majority of the game. But I find this to be exciting. Great support players will more often than not get their credit when its due. Yeah, you get the guy that comes around every so often that goes on diving the tower against the leona/vayne combo, and then proceeds to blame you for forcing him to right click. Honestly though, when you get to the post game screne, it doesnt matter, win or loss, you'll probably not see that guy again, and you probably out damaged him anyways.   So many times where I've ran up to a solo enemy after dropping a ward off that thinks "oh its just the support, free gold for me" quickly followed by the "...WTF?" (for anyone that plays Starbound, this reminds me of Zyra supporting an ADC so much  )   Did I mention the hard core Sarah Kerrigan refference?   Finally, got a new skin that I love, some of my favorite spell animations in the game.
1	You can imagine all you want. Facts are EU teams beat somewhat high tier Korean team.
1	You are so right and after the game complaining on social media...it's like Brasil complaining that Germany scored them 7 goals of course a team won't hesistate to destroy you if you let them the chance...there aren't only ponies and candies out there. The real world is harsh.
1	Yeah the whole boss thing just doesn't apply here. I'm not going to go up to my manager and act the same way and expect to finish my workday. If I slammed a desk I would probably be escorted out by security with a pink slip. The guys are kids, this shit is bound to happen.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started from Warcraft and the champs were units in Warcraft which could be duplicated and thus code had to be in place to account for this. Since LoL has had the assumption of unique champs on a team from the beginning the process of allowing multiples would require a code review of essentially the entire game.
0	Way to armchair lawyer. The guy doesn't need to see the post to figure out what happened, OP's business still obviously sent the wrong thing to the wrong customer. A civil lawsuit wouldn't care if it was done on purpose, it's breach of contract and pain and suffering regardless if it was on purpose.   As for your citation, from the wikipedia page on Mens Rea ("guilty mind", or intent):   > "In civil law, it is usually not necessary to prove a subjective mental element to establish liability for breach of contract or tort, for example. However, if a tort is intentionally committed or a contract is intentionally breached, such intent may increase the scope of liability as well as the measure of damages payable to the plaintiff."   This effectively means that the other half of a crime, Actus Reus (the "guilty act") is the only thing within the scope of a civil suit, and given that the threshold for winning a civil suit is 51% likely that it happened (which it 100% obviously did), the guy has a case. Proving that it was on purpose is the proverbial icing on the cake, since then he can make an argument under  New York Times v. Sullivan  he showed "reckless disregard for whether the information was true or not", which puts it squarely under the [Actual Malice]( statue of U.S. libel laws.   Edit:
1	I'd like to add some feedback on GC, coming from someone who has played WoW since the beta.  I still play now on occasion, but my days of hardcore have been over since the launch of MoP.   If I recall correctly, GC wasn't even working at Blizzard until WOTLK or TBC, I can't remember.   Anyway, I'll defer this into two seperate categories: PVP and PVE.   To me, PVE has always for the most part been balanced.  There were times when content wasn't as challenging as originally designed due to some classes being overpowered (yes, I'm looking at you paladins).  During one point in WoW, I believe the end of TBC, paladins were offensively broken.  You could have a raid with nothing but paladin healers.  If they had a decent amount of haste and mana regen, they could literally spam a heal that had a 1.3 second cast and healed tanks for a quarter of their health, all the while never dropping below 3/4 mana if they used their cd's effectively.  I know this, because I did it.  Balancing on the other classes doesn't really stand out in my mind because none of the other classes were EVER this broken in PVE.  Except maybe druids, but their healing numbers were changed gradually overtime to make them more in line.   As far as PVE goes, I've never seen a nerf that wasn't absolutely needed.  In WOTLK, paladins could 1 v 6, spam their aoe and walk away with full health.  When Cata first launched, warriors and warlocks could gimmick their way into one-shotting all but the most geared pvpers.  Lastly, as far as frost mages go, not only did GC WANT to nerf frost mages, but overtime he did.  You can see this in the highest level of play.  End of Wrath PVP tournament saw at least 1 frost mage, maybe even two, for every single 3v3 team.  By the time the end of Cata came along, the top tier teams almost never had a frost mage.  The only players that did were the most loyal of mage players.  Admittedly, frost mages are a little strong right now, but GC left in November so that's not even his fault.   Two last things:  The changes to talents and trees, I despise.  I really do.  I understand why the changes were implemented, and I even accept that maybe it wasn't even GC doing, but whoever changed the talent trees in WoW really started a spiral of me playing WoW less and less competitively.  Ever since then, and some changes to auto shot mechanics, the game has gotten WAY too easy (sorry Blizzard)   And finally, my favorite argument of all, is look at WoW PVP before GC was there.  If anyone played in Vanilla, they know what I'm talking about.  It. Was. Out. Of. Control.  The game wasn't even close to polished.  Hunters could auto attack without even facing you, and they didnt need to stutter step either.  Rogue Invis was out of control.  Warlocks could chain cc any class to death.  And Paladins were literally gods amongst men.  Lastly: twinks.  That's the only argument anyone needs.  Twinks effectively DESTROYED any chance of enjoyable PVP before end-game.  It didn't require skill to twink, just a HUGE bank account.
0	My SO did this also. Me, quiet as a mouse using te flashlight on my phone to find my clothes etc, careful not to wake her up. She, no fucks given. Until I mentioned how inconsiderate that was,and now, everything's good.
1	coming from memory so facts may not be 100% correct.   John Edwards John Kerry, and Howard Dean were the front runners of the race, John Edwards was Mr. Uptown America, John Kerry was Mr. Boring but faithful (think the democratic Romney) and Howard Dean was the electric red blooded liberal.   Iowa Caucus has historically been the first primary test for both parties  and a test of whether the Democrats can appeal to blue collar workers and say something nice about corn and corn subsidies. This is howard Dean's bread and butter group which made him a strong candidate because of his established party record, his rolled up sleeves and the fact that he looked like he preferred pubs and chow whereas his counterparts looked like they drank High Shelf and choked on Crest White strips.   He was polling well in Iowa up to the Gaffe, probably would've won super Tuesday (the day which most states do primary races in February) which would've given him the only thing he really would need going into the south which was money and buzz (it's pretty expensive to campaign in Texas).   Now Dean was a nice fellow, seen as a Rockefeller Republican (Old school republicans basically are today democrats). I liked him, hell the party loved him but they needed to make sure he was electable. And the way he could show that was by stomping Kerry and pushing Edward to 3rd string.   >  But as he spoke and shucked his corn,  >  >  his belly rustled and states were sworn,  >  >  from east to west and big to small,  >  >  Dean was ready to win them all  >  >  >  His pointed finger to camera, met  >  >  was pointing to his political death  >  >  and when he had nothing left to call,   >  >  he threw his fist in a great BYAAAAH
0	It's a thing IRL too. I watched the TV documentary "Death: It's a Living" a week or two ago and the funeral industry is BOOMING.
0	You downvoted me because you were too lazy? You are the worst. I had already added a
1	Thank you. As with most things luck was involved, but I have played a ton of brand. Over 300 ranked games in season 3, and over 200 ranked in season 4 (and countless normals). He is what I've played to get to Diamond 3 times, so I know his timings well. I've also played against a lot of Leblancs, so I kind of can guesstimate that snap range, but this is the first and only time this has happened (or I even attempted it), so luck did play a big factor in even setting the whole thing up.
1	I started playing soloQ rankeds mid-s2 and from then i just have one ojbective. This season i gtop placed in bronze II and i got really angry about it. I just said to myself that this season i have to make it to gold V. In march it was going quite well because i go into silver IV. Now i fell to silver V and i kinda lost faith. I started playing ONLY rankeds and it didin't go good. So i played couple of normals, arams and after a ranked or two and it went better. Now i'm on my promotion to silver IV and i again hope i make it to gold V. So making yourself an objective helps but sometimes makes you mad, if you lose a game which you should win and fall a division lower or if you're playing 3v5 and lose points. But now i'm on a 11 game winning streak including 3-4 rankeds and i'm trying to get into gold V. Today i had a game with Sona in which i had really much fun making my teammates work together and never give up, so i don't find this boring, though sometimes frustrating. I will keep on playing LoL for a long time.
0	I've been there, man. I remember the looks I got from people when I decided to run. I felt so ashamed and began to not care about my health. Then decided (after much convincing) to work out indoors. I went from 300 to 250 then decided to run again. I still get looks but this time I dont care because I'm doing it for me, not them. Whenever I see someone heavy taking the initiative to live healthier, I always give them a thumbs up and smile because sometimes all you need is couragment to keep going.
1	Basically on shyv top you want a health item, sustain, attack speed, movespeed and cooldown reduction. Itemization is very strange because it depends on what you are doing in the lane and who their jungler is, because if it's a high threat jungler and a high threat top laner (zed, riven, rumble etc) then you need to build full tank and sustain isn't that much of a priority because it doesn't help you when you're running for your life.   On the flip side if it's a situation where you trade every other cs, or try and all in them a lot then you need sustain because it's artificial health and better than health in that situation. If they have mixed damage and they are threatening to kill you then obviously aegis>bulwark is the best itemization option against dying so it's pretty easy to get it there.   On the flip side if it's a lane that you can bully with little to no jungle pressure then you can go more offensive with an item like an early stinger, BotrK, etc. The bulwark+captain boots is a pretty niche option that I use maybe a little too much, but basically its for when you snowball out of control and their top laner roams so you take their turrets etc.   I kind of rambled... but basically itemize against the enemy team and be aware of the fact that when you are pushing their inhib turrets you will be ganked by 2-3 people and itemize against those types of damages/threats.
0	A friend of mine who has aspergers ranted on this subject.   "So Elliot Rodger, the UCSB shooter, apparently, like Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza, had Asperger syndrome. And it's just a matter of time before the crazies come pointing their fingers at it and criticizing society for not offering better care for those with Asperger syndrome, other autism spectrum disorders, and mental conditions in general.   It's not society's fault. It's not a mental health issue. It's not a gun control issue.   Rodger was a spoiled brat. His father directed one of the Hunger Games films, and has made a fair amount of money in the film industry. Everything was handed to him. How else does a 22-year-old community college student drive a BRAND NEW BMW? When everything is given to you, it's never enough. And Elliot Rodger wanted something that couldn't just be handed to him: love and sex.   In a video he uploaded just before he killed seven and wounded seven others, Rodger blamed his to-be-committed actions on the women that he said never wanted to be with him or have sex with him. As if it's THEIR fault. Sounds like Rodger didn't quite make himself seem very inviting of a loving relationship when he stated that "humans are a depraved, wretched and disgusting species."   And at the same time, where were his parents? Too busy to love their son? Too busy to care for him? Too busy to be involved in his life enough to know that something wasn't right? That his withdrawn nature (a feature of Asperger syndrome) was fostering a sickening desire to commit mass murder? No, let's just have Daddy cure it all with a BMW and all the money in the world. Because that MUST be what he needed to make him happy! It is OBVIOUS in Rodger's conduct that he was never shown a familial love or anything even resembling it.   I have Asperger syndrome. Never in a million years would I even CONSIDER committing such a cold-blooded and senseless act like that of Rodger. I know several others with Asperger syndrome and other autism spectrum disorders. Not a single one of them would ever harm another human being. Asperger syndrome is not the issue. It is not the hallmark of a sick murderer. What it is, is a sign that that child needs his or her parents and family involved in their daily lives, always caring and loving them.   In the coming days and weeks of media speculation, I'm positive that Rodger's ignored Asperger syndrome will get many a finger pointed its way as being a cause. I'm sure that the gun control debate will flare up once again. And those who oppose gun control will point their fingers at mental health care. But you're all wrong. Neither of those are the issue.   The issue here? Parents, if your child has Asperger syndrome, please, I implore you, do not EVER fail to show them the utmost love and care and affection, as you would any of your other children. Those of you who already do, I thank you so much. Your love towards them is a powerful measure in preventing them from spiraling into depression and angst, as Elliot Rodger did. And if you have Asperger syndrome and live away from home, please, fight the withdrawn nature that so easily dominates our psyche. Establish connections with those around you. Make plenty of friends. Keep yourself busy and reminded of the closeness you have with others."
1	i think your chosen roles are not the most important for winning solo queue, up until the really high ELO's above the diamond threshold, the win is usually decided by morale in the laning phase.   this can be achieved by playing jungler, but is hard, because you are spread thin having to look after 3 lanes, and you could be super successful in all your ganks, and its a won game. but the number of games where you can pull this off are rare.   as a support, you have influence over only one lane, and you are relying on a complete stranger to follow up, reducing your effect even more.   mid and top are the most influentual roles in solo queue, top because you can utterly dominate your lane, and cause the enemy team to literally break down and spend more time typing than playing, then turn up to a dragon fight and dominate, game over.   mid is similar, but you can also easily roam to top or bot, and cause even more frustration towards their middle lane.
1	My god. Look, I totally get that there are certain rules in place, and if you're not going to enforce them, you can't seriously expect people to comply with them. That said, I do seriously think a particular person has a stick up a particular part of their body. Sure, there's a reason to remove said thread - but that doesn't make it  reasonable  to do so.   I'm just thinking back to that one thread about Rammus where everyone just started spamming "Ok.". Was it against the rules? Yeah. But it was also absolutely hilarious.
1	Well, yes and no. Let's say that coin has a 50% chance of heads. In a small sample, like 10, the number of heads you'll get will vary wildly because you're only making a few tosses. The probability of getting all 10 heads is (.5)^10 = .001 (the probability of getting a head raised to the number of times you're tossing). Over the course of hundreds of tosses (let's say 700 since that's the number presented) you'll likely get pretty darn close to 350 heads. The chance of getting 700 heads is (.5)^700= 1.9E-211, which is much much smaller than 1/1000.   Also, you have to keep in mind that there are 4 variable members on your team, and 5 variable members on the other team (assuming you aren't toxic). This means that the enemy team is always more likely to have a toxic player placed on their team. Let's say that there's one toxic player out of 10 in a matchmaking queue. The chance that he'll be placed on your team is 4/9. The chance that he'll be placed on the enemy team is 5/9. While these probabilities aren't too different to be noticeable impact on a small handful of games, over the course of your league career which will consist of hundreds if not thousands of games, it will likely lead to a pretty hefty number of games in your favor (for the reasons mentioned in the first paragraph).
0	Someone has a problem if three sentences is too long to read.
1	You're an idiot who needs to learn math. If you play a bare minimum of one or two champs in every role do you know how unlikely it is that you'll ever not be able to play any of those champs? It happens so rarely that it makes little to no difference, but it DOES happen. Simply the odds of being put on your worst role alone are less than 20% because not only do you have to be last pick, your entire team also has to not want to play that role either, AND THEN there also has to be NO ONE on your team willing to swap roles for you to help keep you off your weakest role (most of the time if you tell the group it's your weakest role they'll try to help you out as it's also in their best interest) AND THEN when that's all said and done and all of those unlikely scenarios coincide  the 14-15 of 124 champs that are unavailable has too include BOTH of the champs you play in that role.
0	I would take her out for a nice dinner and then we would go back home and have unprotected sex while listening Electric lights orchestra. I would later find out that i accidentally got her pregnant when she calls me on the phone crying. We would both try to figure out what to do. We would both agree that she would get a secret abortion that nobody would know about, especially her parents who are fundamentalist Christians who objected to the idea of her moving to California in the first place. The abortion would be a success but she would be pretty shaken up by the whole experience. I would try to comfort her as best as I could but she would decide to go to therapy. After a few weeks of therapy she finally moves past this traumatic experience and we continue to live happy lives and never forget protection.
0	Accountants don't make their money doing returns for middle class individuals. 1040EZs as is are so easy a trained monkey could do them. It's not hard to figure out what you will pay. Hell, there's even calculators online that can give you a rough estimate.   And you'd still have to figure out what you owe based on your paycheck withholdings. Which is exactly as much work as a basic filer does now.
1	Why shouldn't you lose LP if you LOSE? Just because YOU don't want to surrender, 4 people were done and when 4 people are absolutely done and won't play anymore, that's it. You're the fifth who doesn't want? So if you're 5/40 in teamscore, and you just vote no.... Congratulations! No LP loss right? Pressing no in a surrender vote would never be a reason to not lose LP for a game that 4 people deem lost. Take your LP loss and carry harder next game, improve your individual skills!
0	You people upvote too easily. >Oh. EM. Gee. I have been using the wrong picture all along. THIS must be the point in the movie when I remember him saying that line. Lulz. I almost forgot.   Why upvote something without applying a healthy dose of skepticism to it first? If you really cared about the accuracy of the meme, wouldn't one go: "Wait, what? For real, I could have sworn.. Gotta check this out." >>[youtube.com](
1	Is this the line for Hitler's band of grammar Nazi's?   (On topic, tragic that Odee's house sustained that amount of damage and possessions lost. Between Thanksgiving and Christmas in the US at least is way more prone to events such as this and for it to hit someone such as Odee who's active in eSports kinda hits a note for everyone. I really hope even with as tight as a lot of people's pockets are during this time of year that Odee is able to get his family and himself back on their feet as well as having a pleasant Christmas and so far as it looks people are defiantly in the Christmas spirit in terms of helping one another.
1	You CAN be aggressive early game, and more importantly minions can help you with this; it just means if you want to win a trade your minion wave needs to be bigger than the enemy's, a factor you have direct control over. Learn to control the size of your creep wave, and you'll do marvelously in the early game. Watch people like Wickd doing this; he's an expert at gaining an early game advantage using this type of tactic.   Of course, the balance is that your wave will then be pushing, which puts you at higher risk to ganks. But that's the whole point of high-aggression/high-risk gameplay styles, isn't it? You can be aggressive if you want, but you'll incur additional risks if you do so.
0	This is very true, it's very noticeable in online user reviews. People are more compelled to vent about negative things than good things(unless it exceeds expectations). There are probably tons of people who think, "oh that's nice." Unless it touches them on a personal level they won't feel moved to make a comment. A wife who shares your interests that's nice... GGG Canadian biker who helps a disabled person get unstuck from a curb, now that's touching (and far less common). Because of this the cynical assholes have a much larger presence in the comments. I'm going to start being more vocal when I see nice things.
0	At risk of being branded a liberal tree hugging hippy, I think the answer is somewhere between.   I agree that there should be a genuine effort my new immigrants to this country to speak the native language, but I also think there is no reason there shouldn't be a reciprocated effort to communicate with them on our side.  I'd be willing to bet that it would solve several common problems that evolve around current alienation / segregation between born U.S. Citizens and immigrants.   I grew up in California and because of it I picked up enough Spanish to survive.  It actually exposed me to entirely different trains of thought than my friends who couldn't communicate with them and just made assumptions about their intent.  It also meant that the people I was talking to in Spanish gained an interest to communicate with me in English, where they likely wouldn't have put forward that effort otherwise.
1	I was expecting a slutty Cosplay like some other...rather "famous" Chick that calls it "Cosplay"
1	Ask your question on stackoverflow, i dont want to be an asshole, but i think your question have nothing related to LoL by itself.   It's about javascript development, ask it to a developers community/forum :/   If the html link was a parallax animation about a BWM car, would you ask this to a BWM drivers community ?   So, first thing you need to know with development : learn to search informations at the right place :)
0	Not that I don't empathize with people who think they've been screwed over by the court system, but without the other person's side of the story it's difficult to take those stories at face value. I'm sure that there are some judges that are more apt to side with mothers (just as there are probably some that are more apt to side with fathers). But that's an issue of personal bias on the judge's part - not of the court system itself. Many courts have determined that gendered presumptions violate the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment (and all states have gender neutral child custody laws). Most jurisdictions use the best interest test for making child custody determinations. One of those factors is "the child's primary caretaker." Often the primary caretaker is the mother, so that may sometimes result in an award of primary custody to the mother. The factor illustrates the importance placed on providing stability and continuity for children while also taking into account the relative commitment of each parent to the performance of daily child-rearing tasks. However, in some states the factor cannot be used as a presumption and it is by no means the only factor used.   Here is a short run down on custody law in Minnesota, as an example. When a child is born to unmarried parents the mother is given sole legal and physical custody by operation of law until a custody order is issued. The reason for this is fairly straightforward; it's the mother who must take care of the child within the early days of his or her life. Additionally, paternity might be in question. An adjudicated father can then petition the court for custody and parenting time, which may then be decided by a judge based upon the best interest test.  When a child is one of marriage, however, the parents share legal and physical custody. When divorce occurs, the presumption is that joint legal custody is in the best interests of the child. Additionally, while there is not a presumption for joint physical custody, there is a presumption that the non-custodial parent is entitled to at least 25% of the parenting time. Also, in Minnesota, courts push mediation over court proceedings. Parents will sit down with a mediator and decide, between themselves, which parenting time and custody arrangements work best for them. But it's certainly more difficult when parents don't get along and are bitter toward each other, because it often then becomes a game of "he said, she said."   A case I observed recently involved unmarried parents with a 10 year old daughter. The father had little to no involvement in the child's life up until now. The mother had recently been convicted of sex trafficking (the daughter had not been involved in any way). The father had a good job and a wife and kids. However, he had not spent any substantial amount of time with his daughter. While the judge was certainly concerned about the mother's criminal conviction (and the possibility that she would be incarcerated), he wasn't about to grant custody to a father who had barely been involved in his child's life. At most he was looking at reunification therapy and then parenting time.
0	Do you actually ask them out?   Seriously. Just ask them out.   Don't be creepy, don't be annoying.  Don't  wait so long that they only really think of you as a friend and miss your intention when you ask the question. Just go with "hey would you like to get a coffee some time?" (or dinner or a movie or whatever). If they say yes? Maybe it goes somewhere. If they say no, move on.   If you are asking them out and always being told no? Look at yourself. Seriously. What are your flaws and what can you fix? Are you unattractive? 95% of 'unattractive' people become vastly more attractive if they eat healthy and exercise. Years ago when I was in my final year of my degree, "health" was not something I was real concerned about. Late nights, shitty food and no exercise? I weighed in at about 110kg. Now I'm no model, but I can tell you I'm far more attractive at my current weight of around 80kg than I was then.   Doesn't just apply to fat people either. Do you look after yourself and your appearance? Do you dress well and appropriately for your body type? Do you groom yourself properly? A decent haircut and a shave will do wonders - if you can rock a beard attractively then cool, otherwise lose it. Get input from your female friends about what works for you, I'm sure they'll be happy to help.   No problems physically? Ask your real friends - the ones who will give honest answers: "What are my annoying personality traits?". We all have them and usually people learn to accept them, but people who wear them on their sleeves tend to be the ones nobody can stand. I for example have a bad habit of lecturing people (see: this post). I do it in real life, all the time. My friends don't overly care, but if I'm meeting new people I do make a point of reining it in a bit.. because I don't want one of my more annoying habits to be my first impression.   The
1	weeeeeelll.. I did some math about health vs armor runes 2 months ago, because i was considering it on leona.. I spend 19k IP on health/lvl runes because math said it was the most effective runepage on her. From lvl 2 my runes gave me more effective HP than any other page, while at lvl1 i only had 17 less effective Hp.. Well, it felt kinda underwhelming. I was confued as to why, so i played a game of silver vs plat, and a diamond player explained why armor is still better.. And that is because every champion has inherent HP/5. If you just factor in HP/5 health loses already to armor. Let's not forget that champions with any sort of sustain mechanic benefit even more from armor. Potions also qualify as sustain mechanics. Dorans Blade, lifesteal, spellvamp...
0	I was coming home from a business trip about 4 years ago when something similar happened. As it happens, I was in my girlfriend's hometown and had asked her dad for permission for his daughter's hand in marriage the night before. My plan was to take her out to a really nice dinner and a walk across the bridge where I would propose.   I got to the airport at 10 am and tried to check in but couldn't. Turns out the AA scheduled my flight for the day before even though she set up my hotel and appointments through the day before (she is no longer employed at the company).   I went to the desk and every airline was telling me they were sold out of flights that day. Being 4 years ago the apps on my phone were somewhat limited but i found a flight. Only problem I couldn't schedule the new flight because the internet kept crapping out.  I tried calling my girlfriend but she was at work where she didn't have internet. So I called my parents. My dad wasn't there but my legally deaf mom was. I had to explain everything and about an hour later got a flight for 8 pm.   I talked to my girlfriend for a while as I waited the 9 hours or so. She suggested just cooking something for when I come home. She could couldn't figure out why I was adamant about going out.  I finally got home and we went to the only place left open down the street from the apartment. I decided I would ask on the walk home. When we went to leave it was pouring. On the way we stopped under a bridge where I popped the question. She said yes and quickly figured out why I was so adamant.
1	Well, no not really. Skill isn't so much teamwork as it is 'synergetic' with teamwork. Allow me to explain. Skill has a more personal connotation to it. That is, when I say "skill" in reference to LoL warding, last hitting, farming, and positioning should come to mind since these all rely on the person knowing the bare mechanics of the game. "Teamwork" should immediately bring ganking, teamfighting, split pushing, trust, and above all communication to mind. Why? Because you can ward, last hit, farm, and defend your tower by yourself for the most part. You absolutely NEED your team to gank, to fight 5v5, to split push, and to win. Personal skill relies and reinforces teamwork as much as teamwork relies on and reinforces skill.
0	Malicious intent is a term used in law and law courts to describe a criminal action done with the clear intent to inflict harm, damage, injury, or death. Malicious is an adjective formed from the noun malice, which refers to the intention or desire to do evil.   [Source](   >They'd leave it where it dropped in a heartbeat if they thought for a split second that they could.   This is called negligence which is not in and of itself a malicious action.   Negligence (Lat. negligentia, from neglegere, to neglect, literally "not to pick up something") is a failure to exercise the care that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in like circumstances.The area of tort law known as negligence involves harm caused by carelessness, not intentional harm.  [Source](
0	Serious question.  Why do we need usernames and passwords if usernames cannot be used twice?  I don't see how typing "Apricot" then password "B4alf" is more secure the "ApricotB4alf"   Because, let's say, you're setting up a new Reddit account. You type in your choice... 'Justagreewithme'... but what's this? Username taken? Well, that's okay, since there's no password, I'll just type in 'justagreewithme' and that account is mine now.   Might not be much of a problem with recreational accounts, but if it's something you've spent money on?
1	I really don't like the fact that GB is playing Lulu top.. it's going to encourage tons of people to do it. It works early on due to her ranged harass and most champions' inability to trade with her, but I just don't see the damage comparable to a top like Riven, Rumble, WW, etc. She was designed as a support and CC machine, and thus can't pump out as much damage.   And besides that, what happens if Lulu lanes against a ranged champ like Vlad or Swain? This takes away her early advantage and should completely destroy any hopes of doing anything except dying.   She is a support (maybe a jungler too), and should be played accordingly. There are champs that are better suited for top lane that can benefit from her abilities as a support.
1	I'm only Gold so I can't speak for higher players but, the one thing I noticed?   STOP CHASING KILLS.   Going 1 for 1 while you're 6-2 and the enemy is 0-4 isn't worth at all!  Not to mention Baron, towers, dragon is free for the taking.
0	I used to live across the road from a 24-hour Super Walmart when I was in college and being a nightowl I often went grocery shopping at 2 in the morning when the store was empty. On one particularly memorable shopping trip I'd used almost my entire grocery stipend for the month. The cart was PACKED. On my way out a whim struck me and I broke into a quick jog then hopped on the back of the cart and rode it through the (rather large) foyer/cart area.   I saw a blur of motion coming from the left, and before I could react a kid (maybe 6 or 7?) had gleefully run in front of the cart. Half a second before impact he turned and we made eye contact as his tiny brain started to comprehend the immensity of his mistake. I started to jump off but it was too late!   All the momentum of a month's worth of groceries (including cases of soda), plus my weight on top of it all absolutely SMASHED into this kid. He flew/stumbled backwards into a heap on the floor like a puppet with his strings cut and I stopped the cart before I ran him down again.   My brain immediately starts processing the fact I've just murdered a kid or something, when I swear the ground shook. An unholy combination of methhead and soccer mom stomps around the corner like SnapYourDickOffasaurus Rex and sees her kid laying on the floor.   She lunges forward and I think "Welp. This is the end. First I kill a kid, now his mom is going to stab me to death in a Walmart" but instead she drags the still stunned and bleeding kid off of the floor by his shirt and proceeds to SPANK THE EVERLOVING SHIT OUT OF HIM. Mike Tyson in his prime would have been impressed by how well she could work a child-turned-speedbag.   Had I been older and wiser, perhaps some sort of CPS call would have entered my mind. Instead I grabbed my cart and ran off into the night before she realized I was there. The last thing I heard as I fled into the parking lot was her enraged roar of "DON'T YOU EVER RUN FROM ME IN A PARKING LOT EVER AGAIN!"
1	Basically when the drophackers team is losing or about to lose, the Drophacker can press a button which disconnects all 10 players from the game. The game ends immediately and if you check your match history it is as if the game never existed to begin with.
1	I've only managed it in one game so far, but only one Vision Ward was ever really in danger while the rest lasted for the entire game. With five members on our team (blue side), we were able to keep bottom tribush, blue buff bush (near the intersection), red buff bush (behind the camp), and both little bushes near the mid side bushes warded for pretty much the entire game.   For the tribush and buff bushes, it acted more of as an "oh crap, they know I'm here" gank/invade repellent. Although they could take the time to clear it and/or go along and gank/counterjungle, it was enough to scare them away from staying too long.   For the little lonely bushes above and below the mid bushes, it's really odd that no one ever seems to walk in them, because it's not like teammates are always close enough to contest the ward. Although not optimal ward spots, the wards' vision is very often crossed when the enemy starts to move towards Baron/dragon, walks around to gank our mid, or heads into your jungle to steal camps.
0	Oh, yeah. I'm not good at sportsball knowledge. But as a general principle, I think that people's opinions are not grounds for any kind of termination from any title that doesn't inherently have to do with their opinions in the first place. Now, I am all for justice -- and anyone who survives in this day and age as a racist should definitely feel that justice -- but it doesn't change that he didn't actually  do  anything in regards to the sports team. He did something in real estate but that holds no true bearing on this incident.
0	That would be newsworthy. I did write a purposely nasty message on one of his posts (of our son, called him ugly). We WERE in the same house at that time, and I heard him 'WTF!!' from the other room. I think his blood pressure went through the roof... until he saw the username.
0	I believe you are mistaken as to the purpose and nature of justice. The role of justice is not to avenge the victim. It is to give justice. Clue's in the name. Death penalty is a barbaric, outdated way to punish. And although the following is a cliché, overused argument by people who oppose capital punishment, it is a valid and sound one: To kill someone to teach him killing is wrong is incredibly idiotic for the simple reason that a dead person cannot learn a lesson. Because the person is dead.  Now, if you are not moved by those arguments, the following is quite convincing: It's about twice as expensive to execute someone compared to life inprisonment.  Now onto the question of the suffering: The purpose of justice is not to replicate the exact amount of pain endured by the victim. If it were, we should have tortured and raped the criminal, and slit his throat. But we don't. Because that would make a psychopath cringe.
0	They don't have to? If people don't feel confident on their privacy online they won't be using google therefore google makes no money. So they say they will 'encrypt' things so people that have no idea what encryption is feel more secure, and keep clicking on ads. While bending forward for the NSA.
1	Building damage on an AP support is good when you don't have a good source of magic damage on the team.  You can't pull it off on every support though.  Champs like Leona, braum, alistar, blitz shouldn't really ever be built damage.  Champs I'd build ap on are annie, karma, lulu, morgana, soraka, zyra, janna, and maybe nami.  I'm not including sona because i don't like her, but you could probably build her ap.   To build them just start with the AP gp5.  Then upgrade that to level 2, get boots, get a sightstone.  Then you are full support build on all of them.  Do not build the level 3 AP gp5, it isn't worth it in my opinion.  If you want the most efficient purchase get a majei's on janna, karma, and soraka, maybe lulu.  Play safe with them so you get your stacks.  If you don't feel like taking a risk then do zhonya's hourglass first on all those champs.  If you need mana regen, build athene's or morello situationally.  From there you just feel out the game.  If you are dying too much get a rylai, if you need more damage get a rabadon.  On annie I like deathfire for the crazy burst.
1	Additionally Shield performed at a level during the gauntlet which I seriously doubt they will be able to replicate. Zefa and Watch really stepped it up during the gauntlet, but now they seem back to their average level, not very impressive. I think while the gauntlet run was certainly impressive, it does not cement their spot as 3rd place in KR.   I would argue instead that the Arrows are the rightful 3rd spot, on a normal day they will perform better than Shield, they are still a relatively new top team and will definitely continue to grow, while Shield likely will not get very much better. Kinda irrelevant but I also feel the Arrows style would look much better on the world stage.
1	I play a lot of jungle on Summoners Rift. Naturally, when I played the new Twisted Treeline, I started with jungling.   On the topic of ganking in the new Twisted Treeeline map, I feel like gank paths are very linear and not-rewarding. Was the map designed to remove the highly aggressive - snowball previous meta?   Furthermore, I see that removing wards can re-create the aggressive meta; however, do you feel like removing wards was a nerf to certain champions with natural built escapes using wards (Jax, Lee Sin, Katarina)?
1	Hey Blackrook!   One thing i was wondering was about the champion originally being "set-in-stone", so to speak. I was queueing with a friend of mine today, and while i initially wanted to AD, it took us ages to find a jungler, so i thought i'd swap to jungle to make the process faster. However, this does not seem to be possible without making a new lobby, and hence having to leave any random members behind, along with having to invite again. This is not the biggest of issues, just a thought for improvement.
1	1. We don't need to lane swap   99% right regarding switching top <-> bottom.   BUT   I love having my duo-lane fastpush the  mid-lane  if they have weak early game junglers.   Often the enemies either ignore it (and then get lots of jungle invades) or completely over-commit to stop it [your ganks with a weak early game jungler won't work when a support is in the middle of the map warding - but hey, we know where you are. So our jungler can invade on his own.]...     Try it out sometimes and enjoy the enemy jungler's hate/flaming when you constantly invade him 2v1/3v2
0	I have a simple philosophy: anything you spent a lot of time with, invest in it but at the same time don't spent frivolously. As a software developer, I have the means to buy a new mac every 6 months if I so desired. I don't. That would be frivolous. I save money and only spend when it's worth it.[1]   I buy new mac laptops every two years. I'm still using my iPad 1 that I purchased after several months of saving in college. (No regrets, I used the hell out of that thing) I probably won't buy another 10" iPad for another year or two if at all. I just don't have a pressing need. I will preorder the iPad Mini when Apple gets around to releasing it. The mini is small enough use at a coffee shop. The full size model is just too large.   I have an iPhone but I didn't purchase it until I had the money and Apple released a model that could replace my point and shoot camera. I do buy a new sub-$100 ereader every time B&N or Amazon comes out with a new model but these double as gifts. (Hello Whitepaper!) When I'm done playing with my new purchase, I give away the ereader I don't want to a friend.   So that said...   I have a Macbook Pro with Retina Display™. It's the most amazing machine I ever owned. It's replace all 3 computers I had when I purchased it. I can finally have a triple monitor setup on my mac. God, I love this machine. It's replaced all of the other computer hardware in my apartment. It makes me amazingly happy.   Could I get by on a used Macbook Air? Yes. I did for a year and it sucked balls when I wanted to do more than basic development. It's well worth an extra $1000 to have a blissful experience than a shitty one where 10% of the time I'm limited by my machine.   Could I get by on a cheap netbook? Sure. I used a $700 HP laptop loaded with linux in college. It lasted 2 years before it started powering off if it was moved more than an inch or was bumped too hard. I still have it. I could use it in an emergency. It would suck and I wouldn't be able to enjoy the tight integration between my phone, ipad and laptop.   Let's put it this way,     If you're looking for calories to keep you on your feet for the next 5 hours, McDonalds can do that for $2.     If you're looking for a tasty and satisfying meal, you can hit the local Pho place for $8.    If you want take your time and really enjoy lunch, you can hit up sushi for $20 and drink free green tea.     If you really like to eat fancy and you have the means, why would you spend your lunches at McDonalds?   Let me repeat, if you live to really enjoy great meals and you have more than enough time and money to enjoy them, why would you eat at McDonalds?   [1]: I do have unfortunate fetish for IKEA furniture. That is frivolous and expensive. I spent 15 minutes drooling over a chair yesterday. I purchased $200 worth of desk instead. (Built a standing desk today. I can pretend it's for my health) I'm pretty good with electronics though I almost bought 42" TV on woot the other day. Almost. I do give myself an unlimited evening coffee budget but it's kind of hard to spend damaging amounts of money on coffee. I made my morning caffeine at home during the week. No exceptions. I eat lunch at home unless I need to socialize with coworkers. (max 2x/wk) Otherwise I would be dropping $50+ a day on coffeeshops for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. My spending is in control, barely.   Edit: I forgot. I also have a fetish for messenger bags. Total spending over 4 years is less than $400 so it's not too bad. New $300+ device usually means a new bag to go with it. Though my latest purchase was more than I really needed to spend:
0	See that's the thing. It's not just an unspoken rule or whatever, they quite literally discourage customer service. And I've been told by every level of management at some point not to go ask a higher-up supervisor questions about what you're supposed to be doing.
0	Gay man here, can explain:   We all want to feel wanted. We all like that someone wants to kiss us. For gay guys, it's obviously not sexual attraction that leads us to kiss with girls, but what it represents - 'look, I'm hot!'.   And since we're gay, we think it doesn't count when we kiss girls. Therefore, we can totally kiss our friends' girls. Right?   Not right. OP should tell his friend, who probably feels he did nothing wrong. I bet you, OP, that your friend will actually appreciate being counted for something and will duly apologize. Otherwise, I'll do it for him.
0	This is a pretty good resource:   As for which language to choose first... I'd personally go with python, C/C++, or java. I recommend python because it's easier to code with.  But, if you learn C/C++ first, then your next programming language will be much easier to learn (C/C++ can be difficult). And Java because it's often the language used to teach people programming (in the schools I have gone to).
1	Your autos stretch out to nearby creeps and each grant 1 stack of your W. You can have 1 W passive proc every other auto if you wanted.   Runaan's Caitlyn is also funny, but not great. You can have 1 headshot every other attack if you attack from brush though, but it still helps you proc on-hits.   The downside in both these interactions is the bonus damage from Kennen's W/Cait's innate don't spread; only the base damage spreads to the other targets.
0	I saw a couple making out today and as I walked in there direction they stopped, the girl looked at me and then kissed the guy again. As I walked passed them they stop again and she turns and and says hi to me. Turns out I went to school with her, it felt pretty awkward and hilarious at the same time
0	Crazy and sad story that happened a couple of weeks ago:   One of our cats is a quite old Blue Russian (18), so quite distinctive in his fur (there are no other like it in the neighbourhood, except for our other two cats, his kids).   I was taking care of him over the summer, and one day I came home from going out to dinner and I didn't see him anymore. As I said, he was quite old, didn't walk very far and had a disease where his nose would fill up with goo and he'd have a hard time breathing. So he mostly stayed inside and only walked around the block and couldn't be far.   However, the next day he wasn't home yet, which is very odd. So I went out looking for him, hoping to find him if maybe his legs gave out or something. Couldn't  find him anywhere, so I figured he kicked the bucket. But I at least wanted to find his body to bury him. Never found him.   Then a few weeks later, I run into the neighbour 2 houses over at a bbq, and just by chance we talk about cats. So I jokingly say 'well, if you find a grey cat's body in your garden, that's mine'. Suddenly he turns white, and starts stammering.  Turns out his neighbour found an old, withering, neglected cat (scruffy, breathing difficult) in the street in front of their house and didn't know what to do with him. So they wrapped him in a blanket, took him to the vet (my vet) and had him put down out of pity. There's a picture of my cat hanging in the waiting room.   I couldn't believe what I heard. That cat has been living here for about 10 years longer than him.
1	Magic resist is not the only counter to magic damage. The fact that magic damage usually comes in bursts (Leblanc, Veigar, Akali, Tristana etc.) means that once the combo is over, that champion becomes useless while waiting for cooldowns. Therefore, building health against heavy burst is very effective because once you survive the burst, your window opens to either kill that champion (who is most likely very squishy), or have your team kill that champion. You can't build health vs. physical damage because it is sustained damage, the best way to counter physical damage is with Randuin's Omen (passive & active) or some form of disable / crowd control.
0	My roommate and I were both on hard times for a while so I started rolling my own (he previously did, I smoke Camels). This way, when one of us had a few extra bucks we'd buy a bag of tobacco for $8 and it lasts the two of us a few days, compared to $6-7 per pack, that would last one of us a day.   Well, it eventually gets to the point where I'm buying 90% of the time. At first, it's fine, I've been broke before and it sucks so I don't kind helping my buddy out. Eventually it gets to the point where literally every time we're out, he's asking me for a few bucks. Fuck it, here you go buddy. At this point things are looking up so I'm buying the occasional pack, as well as the "community tobacco" that I'm not even smoking anymore.   Motherfucker is constantly bumming my good smokes and gets pissy on the very rare occasion I tell him no.   I should add that I had to give our landlord my fucking car to cover HIS backed rent so we don't have to move while I'm finishing my last semester of school.
0	Basicly, the comic is saying that the world makes jobs like flipping burgers look so bad and only the "stupid" people do it. We don't allow people to follow  their  dreams and become whatever  they  want to be. Instead, we force them to go higher, even if their dream job is flipping burgers.
1	This has been discussed over and over. So I am removing your post, but still answering your question.     Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	thread.   can we please stop upvoting a guy that litterally just says "we all understand that the system is broken and needs to be fixed" when really nobody of the upvoters or the poster himself "understand" any of it? challenger does have problems, OP's is none of them.   > your mmr needs to be higher than #50 in order to come into promo.     wrong. your mmr needs to be higher than #50  and everyone that is currently in promo .     > after reaching promo you can just wait till 7 days before the end of the season in order to get a guaranteed spot in challenger.     wrong. you only have 5 days time to play your max. 5 games or you don't get promoted. so every wayne that makes it to promo already proves himself to be worth the challenger title. the promo itself (like in every other promo) just makes sure you didn't come there by a lucky winstreak.
0	shit, i was thinking you have to get her a mothers day present, but then i realized you're not married yet
1	I really liked Diana as an assassin champ, now with the new nerfs she isn't really a good pick anymore(at least in my opinion her pre 6 laning is very weak). Because i am not able to play any ranged champs except for Jayce and Thresh(Don't ask why, i just happen to be really bad with ranged champs, i guess it's the positioning)i picked up Kata and really had a great time playing her, laning phase is kinda hard if you're up against an ranged champ but if you get through that to at least level 6 you will really be rewarded for it, her ultimate is amazingly strong and has so short cd that you can often use it just to bully your enemy out of the lane. I don't have to mention that teamfights will work out even better for you mostly if u can get your passive to trigger often enough.
1	I can't see the OP but I am replying to you, none the less. While I think every one of the skins on sale are awesome, and probably the best for the specific character (all have some sort of particle change, and are high quality,) I have to admit I am disappointed, only because I do not play any of those champions, or have the skin already.   I have mained ADC for a year and a half, and bought the Vayne skin on release. I play shyv from time to time when not adc, though that is about 1.5% of all games, and I already have her Ironscale skin. I have heard the darkflame can cause fps issues, on top of that, I think it is VERY visually unappealing.
1	There is no reason  Hypeandsauce  should be downvoted just because you disagree - he should only be downvoted if he brings nothing to the conversation; and he has.   *I agree with Hypeandsauce whole heartedly and wish Travis the best of luck. It's true that I still think there's room for A LOT of improvement, but he's acting as a great medium for the fan base.   > Have you ever watched a sportsinterview/show? You don't need to be a pro NFL player to have knowledge about the game and ask the right questions!   *Many of the people on sportsinverview shows WERE pro players, and if they weren't, they've been analyzing the NFL for many, many, many years. This gives them great experience in what they're talking about. League of Legends has only been out for a few years, and for Travis to come into this environment and attempt to learn and understand the game whilst also bringing together professionals who know the game the most (but not necessarily all of it) is a huge accomplishment, and I say "all the power to him".   > he quit his job to do this fulltime and so I expect him to work 8h a day like any other job!   *You EXPECT him to work 8h a day? He works freelance - and even though he may not be doing this the way YOU want him to, so what? That's the glory of being a freelance worker; you make your own hours, your own pay, your own content. There's no reason you should have a stick up your ass because you "work more than he does". You're an ungrateful human being and I think we should all be thanking Travis for what he does.   > Who says you need to have a 2k elo to know anything about this game?   *All that Hypeandsauce is saying is that Travis knows he is not a great player and refrains from giving advice to the viewers because ultimately we want to hear the professionals' opinions about the game, instead. Travis is being humble in that he knows he is not good. Travis is just trying to facilitate the discussion between fans and the pros and this is why the show is as successful as it is.   *You may not like him as a person; so be it. You may not like him as a host; so be it. You may not like his work ethic, his content, his attitude; SO BE IT. But to condemn him and his goal to bring the community together just because you 'expect' the show to be run your way is absurd.
1	You know this isn't really a highlight of how faker good is but a misplay by Corki and Sona. Corki playing against an Ahri should always keep line of sight broken so when the team shifted he should have shifted but even with that missplay the biggest mistake was on the Sona's part.   If you re-watched the play through to where Faker kills Prey and then Sona ults him, look at the Sona's position and the time he would have to travel to get the ult off. I propose that if instead of ulting faker who only takes the ult damage and then comes right back into the fight.   If Sona instead realized that the second Zyra split the team and he was no longer in range of helping a Corki that had literally a sliver of health left, and instead used it to save Gragas who was low also but reasonable range of saving.   They would have had renekton up Gragas up and Sona up vs Shen Ahri who was extremely low by now. If this was the play made it is complete speculation if they would have killed Faker right after the fight but I feel they would have been able to kill one of the two possibly both and took an inhib tower/inhibiter.
1	I wanna see Froggen vs Faker and Doublelift vs Uzi so badly, even tho Faker and Uzi are better, I just want to see how these styles match up. I want to see Deft vs Namei and Froggen vs Bjergsen... god damn it.   One of the reasons why you want to see it this badly is because you normally don't get the chance to. That guarantees that you will be one of the viewers of the next world championship. That's exactly why there are not many international tournaments, to build hype and make sure that people WILL turn in when it happens, that's how football does it and it's adapted pretty well to LoL.   Plus there are over 3 international tournaments per year imo that's enough. The IEM's, the new allstars and worlds - not sure why people need even more.
0	IMHO = in my honest opinion
1	No, just keep playing, you're definitely where you're suppose to be, and that might only last a couple of days or maybe weeks and you'll be climbing. I started playing in the middle of Season 2, the moment I hit lvl 30; I jumped into a ranked game and kept playing and eventually I had hit 480 ELO, but I kept playing and learning, I finished Season 2 at silver, then in season 3 I went from silver to platinum 3. If there is one thing that happened everytime I had hit a new tier, it was that I would hit Gold 1, then fall down to Gold 5, then just over 2 day's I climbed to Platinum, same thing is happening now, I had hit Plat 1, got in my promo's, failed now i'm plat 3, but I'll hit Diamond some day, just keep going.
1	Not hate just pragmatic viewing read my post before you reply.   First off, this has some nice plays in it, a relatively ok montage I would personally rate it 6/10, you have potential to make a nice smooth and clean video if you tried harder and proof watched it.  I'm not going to nit pick every mistake just a few where you could improve.     The way you add your plays in your editing program seem to be at random,  you may want to add one or two of your best plays in the first 30ish seconds to hook the viewer, then worst to best in that order, but really that's up to you.     Frequently throughout the video you can hear audio abnormalities like you were rendering while on skype or your play had mic involvement in it, two examples, @0:28 seconds for about 1/5th of a second and 6:38 for about half a second "oh my god" is heard.  Either have commentary or don't, either way I think this is poor proof watching.     Same as above but with keyboard clicking, heard near the start of the video, either have or dont.     1:58 is completely unnecessary     Dont add plays that are quite good but either have the enemy team making miss plays, it devalues your play a lot eg 4:28 vayne clearly miss clicks you allowing you to live     Dont add plays that involve the enemy acting sub to your level, play 5:46 is an example.     The length of this video is quite long for the average watcher, take into account peoples average attention span of 2ish minutes so, make the video at max 4 minutes, you can make two remember.       Now for the good things about this video.     Music was fine, i have no quarrel about music tastes, suited the plays, worked with some, maybe could be improved but its fine from me.     Most of the plays were 'montage' worthy     Little editing is nice, unless the editing is quite unique I would suggest keeping it to as much as you did     Possibly a 5 second outro/intro to make your name seen, i forgot it the moment i closed the video, this isn't good if you're a streamer or want to be one or even a youtuber, if you just want people to view your video for fun well it doesnt matter i guess.
1	If you are farming by yourself and you think "wow if I was on the other team I would be a easy gank" get the hell back now, don't think "ill just finish this wave then go back" the amount of times i've died just from wanting to finish a creep way is ridiculous.
0	I'm sorry if the way I worded my comment was confusing. I am in no way saying that people who succeed based on birthright deserve what they get. I was simply trying to explain a psychological concept that explains that anger at injustice is normal but futile. People spend their whole lives trying to climb out of poverty and some get nowhere and some get out. The ones that get out didn't get out because they deserved the privilege, they got out because they were lucky. The idea of anybody deserving something doesn't function in real life but we, as humans, work to pretend that it does. We tell ourselves that the poor are poor because they were bad people or that the clothing a victim was wearing was the reason she was raped. We see evil as static and unchangeable so we delude ourselves into believing the victims of all hardships are to blame because they are the part of a situation that could have changed.
1	this has helped me: pick a good early game noobstomper ad+supp lets say tris ali, tris is also good late. then u get lvl2 faster then them, and then u just kill them. they come back, u kill them again and completely snowball. other lanes will rage on them. some of them might even leave.
1	Boy, your teacher must have hated grading your work. You just go on and on about things that could be explained in 1 sentence.
1	I'm sorry for complaining about this, but honestly, this evening was a bad day for kaos, or at least my relationship to kaos.tv.   I came on at 17:30, waiting for the CW game to start. They said it's 18:15 on the kaos website, so ok, 45 minutes, time to grab some dinner. Suddenly I realize: CW will not play at 18:15 but on 21:15. That's a pity but ok, at least they're playing.   2 Minutes! before going into champion select, the announcement suddently changed: No CW game, better do MYM. But they said, there are 2 more streams, so I tried to find out the other ones. On the german stream they directly said: "We're going to cast SK" so I thought the CW would be played on the french one.   After trying to get the right link for about an hour, asking and spamming requests to raubentv and kaos a user finally gave it to me. So I was waiting on the french stream, just to find out that they're also casting the mym game. Back on kaos.tv, the only answer to my complain is: we know they're casting this aswell, there's no cw game streamed.   Really? Are you kidding me? CW won the last 7 Challenger tournaments and you're not even thinking about bringing them on air, but streaming mym vs tcm twice???
0	Dont mean to come off as creepy but there are guys out there who  A. Dont mind.  B. Like it.  C. I'm sure have a fetish for it.  either way only D doesn't like them.
1	I'm not sure you know how twitch/Youtube/(most likely) Azubu work. My friends run a really small youtube channel that puts out league PBE videos, and they have 925 subscribers, but were able to get ad revenue as early as like 100 subscribers. Even my small-ass youtube channel that has probably 10 subscribers qualifies for monetization, so in theory, if I released an extremely viral video today that got monetized, I could get tons of ad revenue from being extremely unknown. The same applies to any streamer, with a little more need for concurrent viewer numbers. Riot averages ~100,000 viewers on just the NA stream (at least when I check the numbers), so they more than qualify for partnership/ad revenue/etx from at the very least twitch and youtube. I know very little of azubu cause I never use it and it's relatively new, but it seems like they would have the same protocols. Also, in terms of internet media ads, the ads, if they're not directly catered to the user from their cookies, are completely random for each person. Two people can be watching the same stream and get 2 completely different ads. Same on youtube, etc. This means there's no time slots for ads like TV, and that the advertisers don't have to schedule ahead and get specific time slots.
1	Right now, we can assume that most people over the age of 12 are not stupid enough to seriously say "YOLO," and that they are actually making fun of the people who would say it.   Everyone who wants to say "carpe diem" is a pretentious fuck that thinks something's cool just because it's in Latin, or one of those 12 year olds trying to feel superior to their peers by being intellectuals who use Latin because it's cool.
1	I also have trouble with ganks.  I place wards, but tend to get so focused on last-hitting and harassment that I never see the enemy jungler coming until he's literally ON my screen.
0	As long as you drink a lot of water, are not obese, and get modest amounts of cardio (say 60 minutes a week of good intensity work), you can pretty much eat all the salt and carbs you want without harm.   Many people don't understand that salt doesn't cause high blood pressure.  Salt causes water retention, so people with hardened arteries will experience higher blood pressure with high salt intake increasing plasma volume.  More liquid in a circulatory system that isn't as elastic as it needs to be causes higher blood pressure and creates micro-tears in artery walls that are 'healed' by clumps of LDL cholesterol.  Over time, these build on themselves over and over until they can tear away and land in the brain(stroke) or heart (heart attack) and kill you.   Salt is not to blame, the hardened arteries are.  Salt doesn't make your arteries hard, so reducing intake doesn't help unless you already suffer from this disorder.   The same is true of sugar.  Sugar doesn't cause insulin resistance in the vast majority of the population.  Sugar makes insulin resistance worse in those who are already obese.  >20% of daily calories in simple sugar PLUS obesity is how you become diabetic.  A modestly active person of healthy weight can eat 30 or even 40% of their calories in simple sugar and your body will chew through it like a champion no problem.
1	If there's players out there good enough to go pro, they'll go pro regardless of gender; just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean that it never will.   From memory, the LoL infographic about players showed that over 90% of LoL players are  male , meaning less than 10% are female. That 10% include girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, only play occasionally and what-not.   Personally I'd rather not have it rushed just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently fully male. Rushing things could (keyword:  could  ) result in having someone who isn't as dedicated to playing, lets down their team and/or gets the community into a position of thinking that girls can't play at a pro level.
1	One day every single post will just be a sentence or two of
1	I feel like I never need to read the patch notes ever again with Blakinola doing
1	This. I was Gold 4 in promos to Gold 3 then went on a terribad streak to Gold 5 0lp, it took awhile to really turn around the lp gain/loss but it's doable. What I did to turn it around was play 1 game a day, if I won I was done, if I lost I'd play one more and if I lost that one I was done for the day. Best thing you can do is play when you want to play (not just wanting to win) and save yourself from going on tilt.
1	I'd love to hear Rammus' voice actor in the studio.   Producer: "Nah, try it again. I don't think you got the right inflection on that..." Voice Actor: "OK. " P: "That! That was perfect, except I wasn't recording..."  V: "OK. " P: "Can you wait until I press record, please?" V: "OK. "
1	I'd say fnatic and h2k are pretty even in the toplane, can't say much about the jungle since I have no game knowledge regarding the role, mid will be interesting as its Febiven trying to prove himself and Ryu trying to reach and surpass his old self.   The Botlane should be pretty even Hjarnan is a better adc than Steeelback but yellowstar is better than Kasing but nevertheless Kasing is still a top 3 support
1	I had someone get forced to play mid or jungle, he said he only knew how to play top and owned 'no mid champions', he ended playing mid vlad. He didn't dodge, no one did, this was a normals game, like he should be playing if he doesn't even play mid with any of his champions. When you get in ranked you end up with people that feel they can only carry from one role, don't have any desire to play another role, or they get tired of playing the same role over and over. If you're going to play ranked you should be try-harding a victory, if you really don't want to win then you should play normals with your buds and practice random shit and get better, then play ranked and try hard there. Lots of players don't play ranked, myself included, because of how many people troll like this. They really need to add a stronger incentive to do well and play your best in ranked. Watching rainman's stream right now and he's laughing at how retarded his team mate is, that kind of player  (the retarded guy) shouldn't be where he is and it makes me wonder why anyone would want to achieve something like getting an arbitrary number to end up with the same old trolls and dumbasses that don't know how to play.
1	I made a big post earlier today about this, here's my link if you're interested in reading it.   I compared the gold value of the stats given against each other, comparing what each item offered over the other - being Morello's giving 20 extra AP and grievous wounds while Athene's giving 25 MR, 2% missing mana and 15% mana on kill assist while costing 400 gold more.   What I found was what you stated in a response, Athene's only gave more mana when you were in fact missing more than half your mana.   Turns out that 100% base mana regen is A LOT better than 50% mana regen + 2% missing mana.   What someone commented was that if you are a champ who always runs oom - such as Xerath, Ziggs or Orianna, you should go Athene's over Morellos, but my argument to that was that you need to consider the other stats, as Xerath and Ziggs (and Lux too to a certain extent) are fairly safe champions who aren't close to taking damage due ot the high range of their skills, meaning that the extra 20 AP from Morello's is more beneficial than the 25 MR from Athene's.   One thing I couldn't test though was the 15% mana on kill / assist - as i'm sure in team fights this is VERY helpful.   In my
1	I've played shyvana three times. Won 3 times. Not talking from experience but I'm having a hard time imagining this. At least what you learn is you need to play more carefully. That's what I've done so far, and with Patience, never got to an all in kill pre lvl 6.
0	As someone with a name that causes operators to laugh out loud, teachers to snicker and ask if it's a typo, cops let me go because they needed a good laugh, I don't care if someone makes fun of my name. Absolutely true that I've heard. 99.9% of them before. The first comment is the same for almost everyone. I know it's coming and that people can't help themselves. Depending on the age and gender of the person it slowly or quickly takes a turn for the perverse and NSFW. I was never personally bullied in school. Someone had a problem with me and they'd make fun of my name, never me, what I looked like, or what I wore. If they weren't very original I'd start giving them better, funnier options. I'd mock them for lack of imagination. That game usually ended pretty quickly and they'd leave me alone. A quick wit is scary to those who don't have one. I love my name. Everyone remembers it, it protected me when I was a big dork looser in high school, and now it reminds me that I'm my father's daughter.
1	The only spot I voted for that got through was Doublelift.   I voted for Aphromoo, not with the thought process that he was the best support, but that Aphromoo+Doublelift would make for the best bot lane, already having a bit of synergy with each other. I WOULD change this vote in hindsight, because I do see Xspecial as a better support in the first place, and Doublelift and Xspecial clearly worked really well together so far through the event.   Voyboy was a bit more of a hail mary for me. While he might not have had a guaranteed level of performance that you can count on, like Dyrus does, he's also capable of having an incredible weekend, and putting on PDD type performances. I don't know that I would change this vote, but at the same time, I think Dyrus was a very good choice to go, and I have no second guessing on the communities pick here.   I think Reginald had been playing really well lately, and I just think he's a better mid-laner in general than Scarra. He always gets credited for being a great shot caller, but I think his actual mid-lane play and performance is under rated. I would NOT change my vote for Reginald.   While Saintvicious has been around for a while, and certainly put on a great performance during the All-Star game vs EU, I still believe he's a bit over rated. I really don't think NA's Jungle play is close to any other region in general, but a lot of that could have to do with the teams around them. I think Crumbz has emerged as a very strong jungler in the NA scene, and I just like his mentality, and strategical knowledge better than Saints. Even with Saint's great hookcity performance, I'm still not second guessing this vote because I still believe Crumbz has a bigger and better impact on teams than Saint does.
0	I dated a girl for almost 5 years. We even lived together for two years, but this ended when she got a job in another city (the city we lived in when we met). After I spent my last vacation days moving her into her new life she convinced me to leave my job and move home so I could finish college faster and move back in with her. I was very happy to do this.   Fast forward about a month and I had just given my notice.  I drive 500 miles to visit, bringing the cat I raised since she could sit in just one of my hands.  We had adopted a second cat,  but I couldn't take two to live with me at home and Kleo was the one she wanted. When I got there things were weird.  We broke up that night and I drove home the next morning, but I left the cat because the only alternative was to move back home and live in a small space with two cats and their litter boxes.   I spent the next month alone, finishing our lease in our apartment, and finishing my  time at work. I gathered up the rest of her belongings and left the apartment -per her wishes- when she came to pick them up. I've been living at home for a few months now and we don't talk any more.   We texted for a while,  but I had to cut it off as she was just seeking sympathy. Sympathy, even though she was in her dream job and living near all of her old friends in the city that we always said  we would move to. Our relationship wasn't perfect. I struggled with depression and addiction (pot), but she made me stronger and functioning. Perhaps I leaned on her too much,  maybe I didn't share enough.  I don't know.  I never doubted that she was the one, not even  when I said "I couldn't shake the feeling that I drove down here for you to break up with me". That's how it started and that's how we ended.   Admittedly, I have grown bitter through the nights alone in the ruins of our old life. Having to drive down the same streets where we took our walks, walks I couldn't bear by myself. I went to work and then shut myself in after work. Suffice to say that moving home did not help, but I will leave that part alone.   I had to cut off what little contact we still had because it was all so one-sided.  I let it go on for longer than I should because she was the only one I had to talk to. I never really texted anyone else, but we typically texted all throughout the  day. It killed me, but like I said,  I was getting bitter and didn't want to lash out at her. I still think about her every day, though less than before.  After all of this I don't miss her much, but I miss the small things. The scent of her perfume, reading together in bed, the cyst right below her eye that was uniquely "her" (as unsightly as it sounds), and oh my god: the baking! The biggest hole; however, is the comfort of the only person that really knew me over these past five or so years.  The only person that really knows me.   For a while I hated going to bed almost as much as I hated waking up.  I love her. I don't want her back,  but I want that life back. I want a person, a friend,  to accept me in that intimate way. She knew my secrets and she left.   Sorry this is so long.  I haven't really shared this with anyone since it went down in june. It has taken a while to process. I just want OP to know that he is not the only Fry with those feels. Keep your head up OP. I still love Sharon, I need her but I don't think I will ever want her.
1	I just did a quick google search and [this]( turned up. They don't exactly have a model that looks suitable for 5 players + riot employees, but lets try to extrapolate.   The biggest they have would give each player 3 feet of table space and ranges from $12k to $26 depending on the soundproofing level. Lets say they need ~5 feet per player. If we assume cost is a linear function of size (which its not exactly, but we're ballpark approximating) thats a 1.67x increase in booth size, putting our cost at $20k to $43k. We need one for each team so double the cost. We're looking at $40k to $86k, and given how loud the crowd is I'd be willing to bet we're looking at the upper half of that range at least. If I had to put down a number I'd say $70k. There's a lot of wiggle room in that estimate, but there you go.   Companies are about maximizing profit in both the short and long-terms. It's about optimizing ROI over different expenditure opportunities. You pick the way to spend your money that will get you the most money back (Even indirectly in terms of viewership numbers and advertising/word of mouth, not just short term sales). If you have wo choices of how to spend your money then as long as one has a higher ROI it doesn't make sense to spend any money on the lower ROI option.
0	Chick Fil A employee here! Can't say the same for some of my coworkers, but I come home from work each day pretty rejuvenated from getting to serve you people! I love you guys!
1	He just meant that TL's solo lanes under-perform with Piglet and do amazing with Keith.   I agree with it because it does seem like they're completely different players with Keith.   Edit:
1	By about 5 - 10 FPS   Can be quite a bit for some laptop users. Mine use to sit at around 22 FPS which is fine, runs perfectly.   I sit up around 27 - 32 When I use stream is dropped down to 17.. Which kinda become unplayable. Weird right? So maybe it'll drop to 22 now and be playable? :)
1	He is not as much dead weight as much as 4 man camped every game. In all of TSM losses teams normally camp the hell outta Dyrus and feed off of him to get the ball rolling. A lot of pros even foreign give Dyrus a lot of credit and Dyrus is normally even or very close in CS with 3+ deaths over the other top laner.   I'd Say the dead weight is putting every game on Bjergsen's shoulders. In a lot of the TSM videos he has whined in their loses where the team doesn't have mid priority. Yet Santorin is almost always camping his lane and he uses it as a scapegoat. Honestly they should focus top and mid IMO for the early game, and have mid help bot when Bjergsen gets ahead. Instead of focusing 85% of the resources mid and the rest bot.
1	Because DotA is a much older game with far more lessons learned in development.     Because DotA's system for balance revolves around items, counter picks, and synergy picks.     Because DotA's items fill niches and so many items have actives as powerful if not more powerful than most individual abilities. There's no core, calculated build for roles in DotA (compared to LoL's trend of having "the build path" for AD carries that has max-dps calculated in, or S1 always rushing Zhonya's). Items create answers for strategies in DotA.     Because DotA heroes aren't given everything. Most heroes have 4 skills with no side effects (shut up about Oracle, I know that shit is crazy). This leaves a lot of holes in their kits and leaves actual weaknesses.       Edit 5. Because DotA's map is amazing. It leaves so much more room for strategic decisions and variations than League's.   Many of Riot's champions have all these added bonuses and sides to their abilities. Like Zed's W giving bonus AD, Yasuo's W making him generate his shield faster, Jinx gaining range on her AoE attack, etc. These bonuses can remove the weaknesses in a champion's kit. Popularity in League often feels like "use the champions that have the most, because they just get to do more."
0	You would be much happier in your job, if this thought never even crossed your mind. This way of thinking poisons your view of people and gives you and others at your workplace a false sense of togetherness. In reality you are just trying to justify your lack of people skills.   I have a solution, that you can try. It was said by a boss I had. Blees Her! :-)   Here it goes: If the customer is an asshole, do your job swiftly and efficiently, so He/She can leave ASAP. If the customer is nice, do your job swiftly and efficiently so you ar not holding the customer up unnecessarily.
1	Be very, very careful when you call people entitled. A lot of what seems to be fans being "entitled" is actually us trying to get the best experience possible and for MLG to evolve into something bigger and better. Yes having Korean teams is great and such, but that wouldn't have happened if people in SC2 didn't act "entitled" to get them there.   MLG has a very long history of fucking things up and every event they kept improving slightly until when SC2 was at its height and MLG Anaheim was fucking awesome, and it seems to have fallen off since then. But it improved because of people bitching and moaning about low quality stuff SUCH AS the tiny amount of games actually being streamed. We focus on the negative not because we are whining 2 year olds but because if MLG know about the negative then it can be fixed, becoming a better experience.   Also, every viewer is worth money to MLG, because ads.
1	I played a rank where 2 people on their team dropped immediately. Thought it was a free win because both our enemy bot lane were afk, but this nidalee comes to our lane mid-game (first time really interacting with us) and she is soooooo fed. I was so confused. I just assumed that she was just that good. Didn't think twice about it.   Later in the game I was only one at our base while our team was pushing their inhib. I go to grab jungle monsters on our side and see nidalee running towards a bush. I assumed she was going to go and B so that she can defend inhib. I ran in RIGHT after she went in and she was gone. I said over my mic   "Damn where the hell did she go???"   "Who?"   "The nidalee"   "... what do you mean? I am fighting her"   Sure enough she is back at her base defending the inhib... sucessfully I might add. I haven't heard of Nid teleporting THAT far before... but I swear to god, I was chasing her and then she was at her own base within seconds. For all I know it was one bug and we were just that bad, but it was just odd.
0	Oh my god. Might have to make my own post for this, but I can put this to shame:   Live in a shitty college apartment, shitty landlord.  Doorknob to bathroom is always loose, occasionally will fall off - I can't seem to permanently fix it, landlord won't buy a new doorknob.   One cold winter morning, I'm showering and I hear a "thud" of the doorknob falling off.  I'm not too worried, because I think I can fix it.  Get out, and realize 1. the side of the doorknob with the rod that can turn the bolt is on the outside, so my piece is useless; 2. the screwdriver I usually kept in the bathroom for an emergency like this, had been borrowed by my roommate and wasn't there; and 3. I forgot my cellphone in bed when I woke up to shower.   All of my roommates were gone, and I was freezing my ass off in the poorly-insulated bathroom.  I literally grabbed black Hefty bags, tore holes in them, and made a Dobby-like shirt out of one, and tried to cover my legs in the other, to stay warm.  Laid my (wet) towel down on the floor for a small amount of comfort, and literally slept like a bum for 3 hours, waiting for my first roommate to come home.  Then I had to explain this entire situation to my boss, because he demanded an explanation for why I was 4 hours late to my shift without calling.
1	Just because you win a game with a bad build doesn't mean it's good.   People win games all the time with bad builds, but rarely do people try to perpetuate it as "a good buy".   I would hate for some people to think your idea of a "decent build" is worth building, when I would say 10/10 times there is a better item you should buy instead.   Edit: This is not like building Triforce Malphite top or Ice Born Gauntlet on Kass or Nidalee, you are building an item that  deliberately  wastes a large portion of the gold value for stats other items offer. Its not a "shortcut" for certain stats, it doesn't save you money, it doesn't "give you everything you need".   Its like buying Gunblade on Vlad.   You can sit there and tell me about all the bursts and how the Active is super sweet since its a low cd, but you are  wasting  too many of the stats and you could just buy WoTA, Zhonyas, SV, or literally most other AP items instead and it would be a better buy.   No one is going to tell you Gunblade is worthless on Vlad, it just isn't the item you should buy (even if its 5th). There are better choices.
0	I understand the point OP was making. We're not getting killed in our sleep or anything but that doesn't mean our freedoms aren't being taken away.   I don't go on rambling about how tough life is in America to people from Uganda but I can still voice my concerns about my countries government. I still would rather live in America than a third world country though.
1	Fizz gets A LOT of his damage from the sheen proc which is why Lich bane is core. AD Fizz still gets the sheen proc it just isn't quite as large, but he gets more damage when he autos especially with his W on. Fizz was usually only played AD in the jungle, but since he isn't considered a viable jungler any more you don't see him AD.
1	I totally agree with you. I was on my series matches for gold in the pre-season and after a 4/6 spread, I was put into bronze 1. I managed to climb out of that in a day but the real problem I'm beginning to find is silver 5. As mentioned in the comments, those players that truly are bad will fall and rot at the borders and that is EXACTLY the problem. I've been playing religiously for a week in silver 5 now and not once have I exceeded 80LP. I've had a win, lose, win, lose etc. pattern continuously. If I manage to break out of it, I only fall back down again and it's due to the totally incompatible players that I'm put with. I lose almost 100% of my games positive, after winning my lane hard. The frequency of arrogant players who treat the game like some alternative to Call of Duty is generally keeping me in silver 5, in the shit, and no matter what lane I play or how well I do; winning is not on the agenda. It's gotten to the point that I predict faults in my team's play, like being caught out or throws before they happen, and they happen despite how much i ping and warn the rest of my team. So this whole attitude of "if you are worthy off higher elo, you can climb" is rendered void seeing as League is a team game. The players in low silver and bronze are simply playing for themselves (I want to avoid saying playing the game wrong, but the team attitude is totally wrong) and that can seriously bind better players in the depths of under-average play.
0	I work for a privately owned textbook eCommerce, we sell and buy used books all the time (all over the place, on our site, on ebay, amazon, basically any marketplace we can get into) and it's an incredibly competitive industry but also a very puzzling one because the biggest challenge is acquiring the inventory.  Selling it is cake, getting students to sell their books back to anybody is the biggest challenge believe it or not.  We don't know wtf happens to the books but roughly 2% of the books we sell ever return to us and we're incredibly competitive in the cash we pay students for their books.   Believe it or not the textbook industry is a very intertwined and complex beast.  You'd think a company like ours would be a big competitor to college bookstores but we buy and sell books to college stores all the time, in fact many of the used books they carry aren't even ones they've bought back from the students at your school.   It's easy to pick on college bookstores but at the end of the day your college campus store in essence is like your local corner convenience store.  You're paying more for the luxury of having pretty much everything you need right there and right that second.  The cheapest way to get your textbooks usually is buying them and reselling them to places like ours but that takes time and effort, mainly in shipping.  The majority of college students are probably going to procrastinate, they will need their books the day before they start class and that doesn't give them a lot of time to shop around for the best deals, your campus bookstore provides those types of people with an invaluable service but it comes at a price.   A business is a business and your college bookstores provide a service, you can take it or leave it.  As an avid gamer I always cringe at people who sell back their games to places like Gamestop for peanuts of what they paid, but hey it helps those people to buy other games, I don't call Gamestop a bunch of crooks, they exist because there's a market for what they provide, the same goes for your campus stores.
1	I usually just buy any skin for any champion if it's on sale (and I don't have a skin already for the said champion). This usually encourages me to play more with the said champion and get better with him/her so that I can justify the use of the skin.   Example: I never played Master Yi before (sometimes AP for lulz). Bought the Ionia skin for him now that it's on sale and felt that I had to learn how to play him seriously. Couple of games in the jungle with him and now I'm winning matches and having fun!
0	People touting this side usually cite a vowel in a particular acronym when trying to refute the [gif] pronunciation of .gif. Vowels are not the same as consonants as they are commonly pronounced in many different ways:   long a, short a, ä, â, å, à, etc.   I'm sure that there are some consonants in some acronyms that change they way they are pronounced too, but usually it's to make the acronym very easy to say because it makes more sense to pronounce it that way, not the other way around like with the .gif fiasco.
1	It's League of Legends. Lets be honest. There is mad toxic people everywhere. Look at Dead Vegito or whatever in challenger haha. But with that fact given. The percentile I have noticed in Bronze and Silver is so much higher. Me, I don't have a problem with keeping myself composed when someone is raging. I might say some sarcastic shit back. But I give credit where it's do always. If you are someone like the OP, and have a hard time controlling yourself from being toxic. Or getting mad. (Not judging it's common) Than when you are in lower ranks. It's better of not giving anyone the chance to set you off. Sense the toxic level is much more common in these ranks. PLUS even if there isn't toxicity. It is very rare for Bronze and Silvers to talk and come together with some strategy over the chat. Unless 1 person takes the initiate and god blesses you and everyone listens. So there is almost no need for the chat anyway.
1	Finally! I've been thinking this for years, I don't understand why the MOST played game, the MOST viewed game in the whole world doesn't take advantage of merchandising. Think in Blizzard, WoW, Starcraft... think just in all those Warlock figures for instance and dream about LoL figures xD.
1	So I'll try to give a bit more of a nuanced answer. There are generally two types of GA takers: squishies and bruisers.   For squishies (AD/AP carry): because of your damage output and your relative lack of survivability, you get targeted first in teamfights. Often times, the enemy team will blow all their initiation and burst on you in order to remove you from the fight; this puts them at a strategic disadvantage, but since they're now up 5v4, it's a worthwhile trade. However, if you have GA, your team can use the respawn time to counterengage, and fight 5v5 with your team having the engage advantage.   For bruisers: Oftentimes, you're doing what's described above; jumping in to kill one of the high priority targets. If you die yourself in the process, the fight is still even (4v4). Chances are the person you killed would have done more than you, so it's a good trade, but to make really sure, being able to respawn immediately gives your team a strong advantage.
1	The issue I see here isn't about breaking the meta.  It's about the fact that many LoL players do not know how to play certain positions.   The most difficult two being jungle and support (not because they're hard, but because very few people play them, they don't want the responsibility of that position).   IMO the part of LoL that needs to change are the people who are queuing for ranked games that get first picks and force the 4th or 5th pick to go support (even if they've never played it) and then rage at them in the game for playing the position poorly (no shit idiot, they either don't play it or don't play it enough to be good at it).   If the current meta is so crucial then more of these 1st and 2nd pick players would be grabbing support and jungle and leaving top mid and bot carry to the players who have played those positions a lot with champs that they're good at.  Having an entire team playing champs that they know how to play is more important to me than having a support bot lane who doesn't know what the fuck they're doing.  And honestly, if having a support was so important then it would be the first pick in solo queue like it is many times in pro matches.  But solo-queue players are in it for #1 and they only want people to pick a support because "that's how I see it done when I watch streams of good players."   Problem is, you (the player) aren't that good.  So shut the fuck up and let the last picks get champs that they're good with and can play well.  Honestly the only position that I care about is that my team has a jungler so that we have 3 lanes earning solo xp.
0	I guess it's really cools to see that if you take squares made by the radius of  any  circle, that 3.1419~ of those squares fit into the circle. And then to go on to realize that Pi times r^2 is the area of a circle because of the previous discovery is sweet.
1	If you look at the Meta's of the NA Servers, and the Korean Servers you'll notice that they're drastically different.  I remember an old post saying that Korean Players don't really care if they get hooked by a Blitzcrank or a Thresh, simply because they want to be pulled/hooked; they understand that in certain situations, it's better to be pulled/hooked and so they don't have to engage on them, the enemy can engage for them.
0	I remember going to a strip club one night and a friend bought me a lap dance. The girl was pretty cute but her tits were hard as rocks. I asked one of my other friends if his girlfriend's were rock hard like that, since she also had implants. He said "No" of course, but he was so confused by what I had told him, he paid for his own lap dance with the same girl. When he returned, he said something like "I don't know what happened to those things, but that isn't right."
1	Something I would love Riot to read:   The time passed by, still no release, people started to get desperate demanding Riot for the thing, today it came out, THE Spirit Guard Udyr. Now everyone is happy, but I'd like to give a warm and solid thanks to the Riot Games team, they really stood out and made a true Ultimate Skin; and this one will make so much money for the game that I won't even try to count it.   Thank you for such a nice gameplay experience, sure people will "Udyr or afk", "Udyr or feed", "Udyr or dodge" these next weeks, but you made an already semi popular champion for the old school players, way too cool to handle.
1	He doesn't relate to ANY other given hint at all. Riot is smart enough to not reveal something like this with a filename. It may be a veigar skin, sure. Not Ultimate.
0	My wife has ridiculous hips that I found extremely attractive - so much so we ended up married and I put a kid in those hips and they got even  more  ridiculous and now I'm here living it up.
1	Hadn't much paid attention to this post earlier, but I just have to share a story I had in a game I finished like 10min ago.   I was 4th pick for my team, I got middle. I picked Evelynn and the opponent picked Morde to go against me, for sure I thought I was fucked. Well, turns out a level 3 gank from Udyr is pretty damn strong, I get Morde and Lee tried to save him, but I ended up getting a double and doublebuffs.   After that, Morde disconnected and I killed him before realizing this.   Ever since that moment, his whole team flamed him and told him he's bad and that he needs to be reported for feeding. That's just ridiculous.   Morde played well the first couple of levels, I realized immediately that I'd be screwed against him on equal ground. Then one gank turns it sour for him, since Eve snowballs really hard, especially if you get double buffs pre-5.   It saddens me that he had to go through 4 people yelling at him, just because I happened to get a good gank from my jungler. Especially since Lee repeatedly screwed up and gave me more kills. He came twice after, and both times I killed him.   Then this one time, Mordekaiser saw fighting happen bottom so he went to roam, I followed him and killed Ezreal. Now Ez found the shift key and started yelling in all chat about Mordekaiser being a noob and how we should all report him.   In the end of the game, Ezreal and Lee both said "9x noob morde" and Lee said "Get cancer faggot" in the end.   All because of a good gank from my jungler. People need to grow up, they need to learn to acknowledge that if your lane gets behind he needs help, and flaming isn't helping. Morde kind of seemed not to be interested in playing anymore after the Ezreal all chatting, and I don't blame him, I would lose interest as well.   But then, there's the other side to this. Mordekaiser started flaming at his whole team. This to me, is even worse than flaming someone who's doing bad. If you're getting complained about, don't fucking start a flame war with them. It's disgusting and despicable. You played bad, they got angry, no need for you to throw oil to the flames for no reason.
0	Op here. To respond to the top comment, I'm basically saying that no matter how not racist you are, it seems that there are a lot of people out there who want to just shoot down white people for even trying to be involved in the race debate. Every time I try to talk about it, despite my side, I get a big plate of "You don't know my struggle", or, "You don't know their struggle", even if I'm on their side. So ultimately I just opt out of the conversation all together.
1	I agree that pick order is more important than  call order, but there still needs to be communication with the other members of the team. There's no reason to just instalock a role that someone had previously called without saying a word (from my experience this happens a lot). Lets say you can play one role amazingly and 2 roles decently, then if someone else who only plays your amazing role wanted it, why not just play a role you are decent in, no reason to bicker and most likely lose a game just because you dont want to give up that role, while clearly you have more options than the other person.
1	Man this kind of abuse happened to my friend (lvl17 player) yesterday.    So it starts like this: He came to my house to play League of legends with me and he played on my account (lvl30). He was playing Tryndamere jungle for first time and it all went good for some time until we lost a team fight where his team engaged 4vs5 and of course lost it. After that team started flaming at my friend for not being there so I got mad and sold all his items and bought AP items because both our Shaco (not so bad) and Warwick were AP and they still blame me. All I said was "If you all can be AP why can't I be AP too?" , all they said is "report Trynd"
1	I've been following LPL for a while and I'll give a little context here.   1, Before All-stars   In the 2013 split of LPL, san and pomelo were considered the weaker players on OMG. However, in this split san stepped up to be one of the carrying members, while pomelo still remained to not contribute much to the team.   Also, pomelo earned a bad reputation among Chinese OMG/League fans because he is notorious toxic in solo q. He is reputed to the the biggest flamer/trashtalker in OMG. If you understand Chinese, you can look up 柚子 雪碧(pomelo, Sprite) to see what I'm talking about. (Sprite has the same pronunciation as a curse phrase pomelo used in his solo q stream, and it has become pomelo's nickname ever since).   As a result, people wanted to have him benched even before All-stars.   2, during All-star   People started to give pomelo flak in the first OMG vs C9 game, where he used Nunu, which didn't help the team at all. In the final match up, OMG wasn't that much outplayed in lanes, but pomelo looked like a train wreck compared to bengi. He made several mistakes, which SKT was able to capitalize on. What makes it worse is that people compare him to Lovelin/Allen jungling, who did outplay bengi once in S3 worlds, and under that comparison pomelo looks pretty bad.   Therefore, the pressure that was building up in fans finally exploded. People started to give him a lot of flak. But the reality is that pomelo is a long-time member of OMG, and him stepping down would hurt the team synergy a lot. Also, LPL doesn't have a lot of talented junglers. Lovelin/Allen and ClearLove are the only world-class junglers in LPL imo. Even regions that are considered "weaker" (NA/EU) have much better junglers. So they can't really find an upgrade to pomelo.
1	Shen is one of my top 3 most played champs, and it always infuriates me when people use taunt to gapclose. Against a mobile champ such as Vayne, if you try to close the gap with Shadow Dash, you literally used the ONLY CC you have, put it on large cooldown, and have essentially killed yourself. Notice that as soon as Vayne sees this, she just runs away and starts shooting minions and the nexus because she's entirely safe.   Anyone wanting to play Shen: HOLD TAUNT. It is a skill to be feared if you're caught by it, but entirely useless if you miss due to the high energy cost not being partially refunded for landing the taunt. I guarantee if he held it, Vayne would not have ran in like that. Taunt > Q > Ki Strike + Thornmail damage would have probably finished her at that point in the game.
0	I frankly don't believe that is true at all. I am aware that those people exist, but I do not think that kind of logic "dominates the subreddit." Most atheists are aware that the existence of God is ultimately unknowable, but still have the belief that he does not exist. These are agnostic atheists. Yes there are so-called gnostic atheists, but I disagree entirely about how prevalent they are. And keep in mind, there are also gnostic theists who claim with absolute certainty that they know their God is real, just as there are agnostic theists who believe but acknowledge that they could be wrong.
0	Hey! I feel the same way! I got diagnosed with FSHD (Muscular Dystrophy) when I was 13, it progressed until I started to use a chair like 2 years ago... so I would've been around 21. Anyway, I completely convinced myself I'm not going to have any relationship ever, it was a tough pill to swallow (metaphorically) at first, but now it doesn't bother me. I'm a University student and I work during the summers, so with disability funding aiding my school costs, I save up my money from the summers and get myself something really nice around once per year. First purchase was a 46" Samsung D8000 TV (yea, it's pretty epic), then I researched for like 6 months and purchased a bunch of parts for a new PC the next year, had my friends Dad help me put it together (it is also epic). Oh actually I got myself a macbook pro the year before the TV. I think that's about it, anyway, I fill the void with awesome stuff and I game with buddies.   There was a time when I hit it off with a coworker of mine, she's a year younger, we had the same opinions on everything, were exactly the same, and it was really strange how compatible we were, but she had a boyfriend. They ended up going on a break and we flirt with eachother all the time, but their 'break' only lasted about a week and she told me she went out with some other person, then went back to her bf (who she suspected cheated on her, hence the break). Anyway, they forgave eachother, everything seems to be working out for the best with them and I wish them well. He's a really cool guy, very similar to myself, built his own PC as a hobby, reads the Harry Potter books, both got the LotR bluray extended version the day it came out, etc, etc... He's basically just a healthy version of me. Buuut they both smoke pot, which I'm not into, not even because of my health or anything, I just don't care for it, made me feel dumb.   Sorry for the rant. Good luck in your life. :)
1	I'm not a poet by all means I am much worser than it seems My life is bright, i want to say I's cool that you give stuff away   And i could use that TF skin Because it's rarely to be seen No matter what you choose to do I will be fine, i'm proud of you   From all the players, on their part I want to thank you from our heart Kind people are the gold of world Care for them deeply, i was told
1	I had a similar experience but we did not start out stomping. Actually at 10 mins I think the other team had 12 kills and we had 0. Our solo top gave us first blood pretty fast, our mid was getting stomped by a fairly pro annie, and their jungle rammus was ganking every lane so constantly and successfully that I kind of wondered why he was in my elo (I don’t believe in elo hell cause I know I am bad but working pretty hard to get better, so right now my elo is sub 1000). Well at this point people started yelling at one another and I had already had a bad day so while I didnt yell, I didnt do anything to make people feel better or be encouraging either. There was weird miscommunication before the game started so our jungler accidentally didnt have smite and I was forced into playing support ryze bot lane (that part while not intended when I picked was actually kind of fun). Well after the yelling went on for a while my lanning partner eventually spoke up and told everybody to start acting civil and that we could still win if we did. The GP and mid actually apologized to one another and sure enough, after an uphill battle we ended up turning the whole thing around, coordinating for dragon, pushing lanes well, winning team fights nobody went off on their own and got picked off. It turned into an actually impressive bit of teamwork. Even the initiation was completely spot on after people stopped yelling and blaming.
0	Hahaha almost had a heart attack when I saw this giant ass pedo bear. I know it sounds creepy, but I'm just curious.
1	If you queue with people higher elo than you, than you W/L ratio will naturally become negative (you gain more elo for wins, and lose more for losses).   So basically queue up with people at a lower elo than you and your elo will steadily go down even if you win 55% of your games.
0	PTSD sucks. Whether it's "mild" and you "only" jump/get completely terrified to loud abrupt noises, or you wake up after you re-lived your worst parts of your tours screaming/crying, it fucking sucks. I told this once or twice in the comments on reddit before but my girlfriend basically forced my hand to go to the VA and talk with someone about my mental health. It felt good telling someone about what happened over there, what my recurring dreams were, and not feeling judged. It was fucking terrible having to go through every little detail of the dreams. I'm a little more open about it now but the only people I used to talk about it with was the guys I deployed with. They tell me basically they have basically the exact same nightmares. Scary shit.
1	Katarina and Leblanc have different goals.  Leblanc's goal is to shut down the enemy ap mid early at the cost of a week late game.  Katarina's goal is to get farmed up and have plenty of gold to nuke down in teamfights later.  However, Kat has a good laning phase as well thanks to her mobility.  Therfore I would suggest getting Katarina because she is more beneficial to the team while being strong at many points in the game, whereas Leblanc only has a strong lane.
0	I stopped reading after you used the word "ancestor". Big hint here, it's not our generation! None of us actually have done anything to you! Seriously, stop blaming white people for the problems in your community. You know what will improve things? Doing something for yourself to improve your community instead of blaming white people and looking for handouts.
0	I tend to disagree with the administration of vaccines, but that doesn't mean I should die because I have a different opinion. I'm the spawn of one of those radicals who oppose such injections, and besides a pollen allergy, I'm perfectly fine. People don't realize that the people who oppose vaccines while having their kids on numerous medications are more often than not a rarity.   Frankly, I wouldn't be surprised if years down the line irrefutable evidence rises reflecting vaccines to diseases, but that doesn't mean I should perish. It means I, as a human being, have my own opinions.
0	I had a MAB. It was recommended since I was very early on, and I wanted to do it at home, alone, the surgical way seemed scarier, I thought with MAB it would be more natural like a miscarriage. I took the first pill in the clinic then the other pills 24 hours later, forgot what they're called but they're the ones that cause you to cramp and expell the pregnancy. My directions were to wait about 20mins (something like that) to take the pain pills to make sure they kick in when the cramping is at its worst. I had heard that skinny/petite girls can have worse cramping and they were really bad but the shitty thing is that they started as the pills were just finishing dissolving. It made me need to throw up and I did really soon about 3 times. So I had to wait til I was done vomiting my guts out to take the painkillers and then I had to wait for those to kick in. So I pretty much felt everything. I actually never asked the clinic why the cramping started so quickly, or why I wasn't warned that that could happen, I'm sure it's pretty rare.
1	On the passive you forgot to include that the champion or tower must die within the 3 second time period of her hitting them. So it won't happen on certain champs that ran out of your range or you get zoned. I think it doesn't need to be changed as it's really situational.     Switcheroo! - Her Q doesn't seem all that powerful as people make it out to be. You have 525 range in mini-gun form. That is grave's range. Graves can deal with that range with his defensive passive, mobility from E, and great trading with AA Q AA. Jinx has no defensive ability in her kit, no displacement move, nor any great trading abilities. Sticking with her lore, Caitlyn should absolutely dominate her in laning phase. The rocket launcher portion only increases in range when leveling it. The 110% damage and aoe will push the lane and not trade as good as other ADCs. This is a really fun ability. If this skill needs any nerfs then I would suggest having the atk speed stacks degrade every 2 seconds (1.5 seconds maybe?). Double edged sword really. Go into dangerous range, but have great single target damage or have massive range & aoe, but must alter your build path to more atk speed oriented items to be effective (currently she is tied with nautilus with the lowest attack speed per level in the game at 1% per level).     Zap! - Her W's scaling will certainly be nerfed. The range could maybe use a nerf down to 900. I think the animation could also be a little more visible.     Flame Chompers! - Her E's base damage is pretty troll. However, it is AP scaling so maybe high base damage is needed? I still think it should be a tad bit lower. The root duration I also think should scale with the level of the ability. I say keep the AP scaling.     Super Mega Death Rocket - Her ultimate's missing HP% damage (25/30/35) is pretty powerful. Most likely will be nerfed or the AD scaling will be removed. The missile speed does not need to be lowered.       Incredibly fun champ. As for build orders, it depends what you want from her Q. Runaan's procs off rocket launcher, botrk doesn't proc off rocket launcher, and maxing Q with mini-gun form is like a free phantom dancer as long as you keep the stacks up.   I'm still not sure what the optimal skill path is. Maxing Q gives great sustain damage, ranged AA harass, and will greatly help your mid-game damage, but no burst. W has unit collision so you won't be able to trade with it unless the opponent is not positioning well. E with its high base damage seems like it would be good, but with the arming time you have to rely on the opponent's bad positioning/knowledge of Jinx's abilities.   Final thoughts: After the inevitable nerfs, she will have a rough time in the laning phase. I am also pretty sure she won't be used in competitive play unless teams can force a 2v1 lane. I think her laning phase is just too brutal compared to the other competitive ADCs.
1	If you want to carry your whole team, that means you want to roam and pressure the other lanes and try to gain something from it. This also means you will leave your ADC alone in lane... so you either want to crush your bot lane and take tower asap so you can pressure other areas of map, or shove the wave out and roam so bot lane isn't vulnerable. Either way, you still want to have a gold lead or be in a solid position.   Arguably, in soloQ jungle and mid lane (top lane if you can utilize tp pressure) because they can freely snowball other areas of the map, and the generally have access to all major objectives such as baron and dragon.   To deal with Yi players, to be frank, just hit him with hard CC and pray that your team blows him up immediately. 90% of Yis will be squishy so they shouldn't be too hard to kill. If you don't have access to hard CC or you need to save it for a much larger threat such as a Katarina, Akali, Talon, Zed, Fizz etc. take the summoner spell exhaust and slap it on him, and cross your fingers for the best while maintaining peel for your AD.   [Support is so easy]( even though this video is outdated, a lot of things he does in lane still holds water, such as giving presence.
0	A few questions...   What state do you live in?   When was the child conceived?   When was the divorce finalized?   If you live in California, and the child was conceived before the divorce was finalized  you are the de facto father .   >A child born during a marriage is presumed (assumed) to be a child of the marriage, and the husband and wife (or, after January 1, 2005, domestic partners) are the legal parents. This is called a “conclusive presumption” which means that the presumption (that the child is a child of the married couple) cannot be disproved, even if there is evidence to disprove it. Read Family Code section 7540 for the law about this presumption. There are very limited exceptions to this rule, and they can be very complicated to figure out. If you are married and have a child that you are not sure is your biological child, talk to a lawyer. A lawyer will be able to help you figure out if you have a legal basis to dispute paternity and, even if you can do it legally, if you should do it based on other considerations. Click for help finding a lawyer.   Now this says 'born' not conceived, so you'd have to read deeper in to the law for it's nuances.
1	Thanks, it'll be very useful for anyone, who's seeking for
1	You pick a RANGED champion mid who can farm under turret very well. Also, pick a champ who can kill his turrets pretty easily. I recommend jayce or orianna. Jayce can kill his turrets really easy with ranged autos and clear waves under tower with EQ combo. His burst,poke and mobility is very high. He's good against heimer. Orianna for similar reasons. I'd imagine lulu is decent as well. I have yet to try Karthus, but I think he would also be beast. He farms under turret well, still provides global pressure and can kill turrets.
1	Its not that you just chase the enemies' carries all day and not give a fuck to your own carries, thats bullshit. You have to balance out peeling and diving in. There isn't like a specific way to paly in team fights, what I can say is, Maokai is strong both in diving and peeling. With a comp that can follow your enegage up, diving the enemy carries might be a better choice, with like a vi or lissandra I mean. If your team have like a hyper carry or carries that doesn't have much mobility, you might want to focus more on peelnig with your R and try to W whoever is trying to kill your team. Imagine if you dive the enemy corki, while your taem has like a xerath and Jinx while the enemy has like a vi and zed or ahri, your taem is dead the second you leave them. Of course if you got another tank in the jungle who can peel too it might not sound that bad.
1	At some point, you just sort of run out of things to do. The purpose of summoner spells are to provide the most basic functions for stats.   e.g. ignite is basic damage/healing reduction, flash/ghost are basic mobility, barrier is basic shield, heal is basic heal, exhaust is basic cc, clarity is basic mana regen.   The only truly unique summoner spell -sort of- is Teleport. There's just a tremendous amount of pressure involved with creating a new spell that every champion in the game has access to that's simultaneously good enough to be a viable option for the majority of champions (god forbid something be niche) and not good enough to be incredibly broken. The amount that a good summoner spell would effect the game would be immense.   For example...   Summoner Spell - Freeze     Stuns opponents for 1 second     Sounds pretty basic, right? However, it would completely shift the meta and upset the balance of power. It'd be used on champs who suffer because they currently lack hard cc, and would be a massive buff. It would be godly on tons of champs who rely on hard-to-hit skill shots to open up their combo (Swain, for example). All in all, it'd be sort of a mess.   Tweaking the rarely used ones? First of all, I think there's a lot more diversity of summoner spells than you think. In the average game, it's perfectly common to have ghost and teleport on your top laner, smite and flash on your jungler, ignite and flash on your midlaner, barrier and flash on your ADC, and exhaust and flash on your support. It's not altogether too uncommon to see heal either, especially on things like Soraka. Cleanse is pretty common as well, especially if the adc has low mobility and is up against a high CC duo, like Jinx/Leona or Ashe/Zyra.   So, that leaves three summoner spells that are truly rarely seen.     Clairvoyance - This is probably the one you could make the most convincing case to be buffed, along with blue trinket. That said, if you really did need the temporary vision, you'd just go ahead and buy the blue trinket. A trinket slot is much less valuable than having flash is.     Clarity - This is a summoner spell that's just flawed in concept. By limiting it to champions that use mana and actually need mana, you instantly make it a niche pick at best. Because of its high CD and unreliability, it's not good enough to fix mana problems for any champions anyways, and it scales awfully if you end up buying an actual item to solve those mana problems. In the endgame, Clarity will be nigh useless. Ignite or Barrier, however, scale extremely well.     Revive - Stupid for obvious reasons. It's basically the summoner equivalent of Runic Blessing (or whatever that new shield defensive mastery is). It depends on you dying a decent amount to actually get value out of it. And, you know, dying in general isn't the right thing to do. The respawn timer won't come in handy all the time, and it's on an extraordinarily high cooldown, so you're basically using a summoner slot to provide potential utility and homeguards. MMMMno.
1	i know everyone has their favorite player and such, but theres so many "i want azure cats" in this comment section i dont really get it.   there was a reason why jiji was replaced by link, it wasnt cause hotshot hated him or he wasnt dedicated or w/e it was just link was better, jiji didnt bring much special to the team back then.. its not like oh he got kicked cause he was just too entertaining and crazy playstyle (and thats why fans love watching him), it was just he was subpar to link.
1	Just a note im lvl 30 with around 350 wins. While i'm by no means an expert and dont claim to be, im not a novice either. I think my logged time has give me enough experience that my opinions are not "baseless".   >>I occupy the role i agreed to and do it to the best of my ability, asking anything else is expecting too much. >No, you're occupying the role you want to play.   Yeah...that's exactly my point. I'm occupying the role i wanted to play, the same way you and your brother occupy AD carry / support bottom lane.   >I don't expect anyone to do shit. >> There's really no formal agreement, just the assumption that you will do your best with what's known to work.   So let me get this straight...you don't expect anything of anyone, except that they adhere to a strict meta. Ok.   >But to deliberately impose your desire to play however you want on to others ruins their fun is a dick thing to do. You're going to do it anyways and so will I as will many others but I'm not going to defend it.   And then you go into how you play Leona even though she doesnt adhere to the current bottom lane sustain meta...your whole post is laden with hypocrisy. You call me out for doing something and admit to doing it yourself, before attacking me with accusations of being a douche and ruining everyones fun. I was simply asking a question in the appropriate subreddit. You've wasted enough of my time, and i'm done checking up on this thread.
1	False the first thing i did after seeing the login queue time was come to this site and look for other people having the same issue as well as try to gain knowledge on why the time was so long. Whole also learning that ranked queue is down after making it through the queue. ](
1	Well, they actually cared, because Brand's E can't be dodged, so if the range diff with, say Karthus' Q is 75 instead of 125, your window of time available to dodge his skill (delayed, unlike yours) is reduced a lot, so it will become more of a trade.   Be aware that most of the higher ranged mid champions have said range on skillshots, not point and click like Brand's E, thus you have more chance to dodge their skills while using yours if the range gap is low.   For example, Brand is/was known as a counterpick to Annie. Now he's going to eat Annie Q everytime, assuming a guaranteed stun more reliable than Brand's it really hurts his laning against Annie.   In the Ryze example, you have to take into account that Ryze is not a burst mage, but a DPS one, and if you take his W, you are going to eat some dodgeballs and pretty big damage, not just his W damage.
1	A big part of the answer to this is because it's a team game. It's hard to appeal for 1v1 help when a large part of the game isn't learning the mechanics or how to last hit, it's just how the game flows, when objectives should be fought for, when you should be peeling for people in fights and when to dive the back line.  There are general rules that should be followed and can be taught but experience is a very VERY key part of the way people play, between the divisions and leagues.  Here's an example of a situation that is probably more common in normal games with a mix of players; I am a diamond player and main top, but a few weeks ago i played on a friends account to stop his rank decaying because he is abroad. He is gold 4, and so naturally i was against a gold level top lane. he basically ended up beating me, i was playing jayce on blue side, and they had irelia. Normally at my level i win this matchup, don't know why just do, but at level 2 the enemy lee sin runs out of the bush and ganks me. i manage to get away, by burning a flash, but it set me back a few minions, and when i again go to ward the bush he is sitting in it and misses his Q but continues to sit there while my minions were in the middle of the lane.  Naturally irelia is getting stronger than i am and it won't matter if i outplay her, she would win the fight 1v1. I tell the jungler our jarvan not to come top and help, but to steal his blue, which he does, then goes bot and gets a kill. I continue to be pressured top, and die twice during laning, but i have warded and again see the lee sin coming when dragon is up. I ping at it, and my team goes for it, manage to secure it and kill the support who came to ward/check. We end up winning the game as our other two lanes are stronger and we make some nice mid game plays. Watching the game, it seems the irelia is better than me, she beat me in lane with help, and pressured quite well, but the balancing factor being the presence lee gave up on the map Using my pings/chat and some fortunately cooperative team mates i guided our team to victory. I'm not going to say i carried, as that's what the carries did, but nor did i feed uncontrollably, lose out on too much cs, or get caught out.   The
1	We've launched several test systems that have begun aggressively reducing negative player behaviors in League of Legends including a system with the ability to instantly escalate high severity behaviors such as excessive verbal abuse, racism, sexism, homophobia and worse to a 14-day or permanent ban.  ~ Riot Lyte (Offical GD)
0	Google+ isn't just a social network, it's the integration and the meeting point of nearly all Google services now. What is everyone's problem with signing up for it though? Have you ever wanted to download a file from a forum that required sign up? You probably didn't say 'no fuck that I don't want to sign up to this fucking shit', no you sign up and do what you wanted to do.
1	I feel like i am the only one who hates the
0	My first foray into maleware removal about 12 years ago. n
0	I vaguely remember several "shitty boyfriend" memes attempting to start but generally what happens is the largely male demographic of reddit flocks to the meme, invents a situation where the shitty boyfriend was in the right for whatever they did, and the down votes and mobs the OP.   Kind of like when we have posts about rape, there's always a few people who try to find a way to exonerate the rapist and shame the victim.
0	First off, I've never done drugs (except the occasional coffee for the smart asses out there). My sister asked my mom what she would do if one of her kids became a drug addict.  My mom's response: "I would shoot you and put you out of your misery since obviously you hate your life"
1	When I first started playing, I played a TON of blitz, and I just thought of trinity as a more expensive phantom dancer(this was prebuff trinity though, so it's actually a little right), So I just bought PD sometimes.  I also knew the pure power of Stark's Fervor at a time when Yi and Ashe were in darn near every game....so sometimes I would have a zeal(or maybe even PD) and starks before laning ended(I ganked a bunch, since I was blitz, and I'd usually win level 1 bush fights...those were the days)  Since this was premeta it actually took some people off guard and they cursed at me for how fast I could kill them early game.  Things like "WTF Attackspeed stacking??" were the norm...which was funny, since I didn't know that AS was considered the worst early game stat.  Even when I did, I still didn't care...when people don't build tanky and you have the CC of blitz, AS did great, not to mention the fun crit animation.
1	Since the title isn't a clear argument, I'll give a quick elucidation here.   1.) People create their art / streams / wallpapers with intention for it to be viewed   2.) Sub-subreddits have too small an audience to justify creating content for them   3.) The existence of sub-subreddits causes users to downvote submissions of that type, regardless of the mod's stance on allowing them (with the exception of pro gamer's streams)   It follows from 1 and 2 that people will not create content to be posted in the sub-subreddits, and from 1 and 3 that they will not create content to be posted in the main subreddit, and as such, we are losing content creators we used to have.   Youtube is still allowed, until the inevitable /r/leaguevideos. For the meantime, it remains king.
1	I 100% agree with this I think Hotshot needed to take the MrN approach a long time ago. Just find someone better willing to be your replacement. Mrn has been much more sucessful since MRN himself stepped down. Hotshot should do the same he is already the owner of what i would figure is a million dollar organization. He can find someone who wants to play for a pro team you know and is really good how many teams had good players but didn't make it.
1	perhaps they should STEAL OTHER PEOPLE'S CONTENT   FTFY
1	Almost any champion with a gap closing ability.   No joke. Ahri at level 6, Akali at level 6, Katarina once she gets Shunpo. LeBlanc (I don't know her abilities much, whichever can move like a gapcloser). And, of course, Talon, because, Talon...   In my opinion, because I'm not the best Zyra player NA, the gap closer abilities render your turrets pretty much pointless, because that is a lot of your damage as Zyra. When you can't get minion kills, because of the harass from those champs, you can easily get dived due to a lack of items.   Once again, I'm not the best Zyra player. If anyone disagrees, then that is more insight I can use for future games.
1	Great reply and I'll try to address as much as I can in the time between my classes.   Your point about Twisted Fate is well taken. I had taken him into consideration but I meant someone truly global. I know, I know, balancing issues and all but I'm sure with enough number fudging and what not, it could be plausible. Your point about Orianna is also well taken, though I think those examples are far and few.   In both cases your points are valid but I really should have worded my statements better.   An Orianna that is played as an AP carry or a support is still, in a sense, played within roles defined in the League subset. She offers advantages and disadvantages, but doesn't necessarily confer the sense of a different sort of champion. As you pointed out, Sona is a favorable support but I'm sure that there are instances where Orianna might be a circumstantial pick. Most champions that are released don't offer the same breadth of versatility (that aren't nerfed anyways).   So, lets put it like this. Orianna may fit the role of an AP carry or a support. But that is a preexisting role within the League meta. What I would like to see from Riot are champs whoose cohesive abilties don't have to fit the meta. Yes, I'm sure you could build Orianna as an AD carry or a top lane bruiser but those would not be roles she would particularly excel at. Further, those are roles defined by the meta.   What I am suggesting instead is the release of champions that are fundamentally different, mechanically to what we have now. Bruisers  are all gap-closers and shields. They might play differently to a degree but at the end of the day, if you try to master top lane, your mastering the lane more so then you are the champions. Champion master is crucial but their similarities make them so that if your good with Xin Zhao and you pick up Jax for your first game, you wills till dominate.   But now rather take instead, a champion whose entire purpose is to push for example. He would most certainly make a terrible support and would probably not fit in the current meta at all. In fact, the champion would be unviable in the current meta. However, that would simply be because the meta is different then the strengths of the champion. You probably couldn't pick up the champion and be good with him because he fit a particular role.   Garen for example is considered to be an early game champion. Perfect, Riot should leave it at that. He shouldn't get buffed or nerfed to be viable. But if Riot introduced a champion that could push, the viability of the same unnerfed Garen would go up because your hinging all of your cards on the early game.   Terribly lengthy and it still doesn't get across what I want to say effectively.
1	I heavily suspect that they are simply still looking for the problem. The coding in this game is probably pretty convoluted, and there's only so much time in a day the company can put towards bugfixing with all the other amazing stuff they do. Plus these are not pervasive bugs, like with Twitch's ult not damaging towers; some part of the coding of his ult was clearly affecting this, so the problem was easy to isolate. Imagine if only the occasional AA from his ult missed damaging a turret, and only in some games. That's what the Cait AA (and Nid invisispear) bug really comes down to: it happens sometimes, but not persistently and consistently enough to be easily found. And until the bug starts impacting the game in a much more major way I'm not sure how worth the time it is to try out every game interaction they can to try and figure out what is going wrong.
1	Isn't that Dyrus's season 3 picture? Not his season 4 picture?
0	I think that they were pretty much equivalent, just totally different.  Eccleston was perfect for what he was supposed to bring; darker and emotionally torn. Tenant was supposed to be a doctor who has overcome the emotional struggles that go with wiping out two races of individuals.  Smith is immature, and unable to deal with the new form of damage he has wrought: damage to those close to him.
1	This will apply to ranked games mostly but some of it is for Normals too.   Katarina and Talon are both viable but there's a few things you have to get over. First, both of them are going to have situations in which they simply won't work. Neither of them should be first picks, ever. Katarina has the highest damage potential of any champion in the game, her ultimate is capable of doing over 10'000 damage with an end game build and a full duration. As such, if you first pick her, the enemy team are going to ram champions at you that all have disables, so you're pretty screwed. Talon is quite similar, he can be hard countered as well.   Gonna speak mainly about Kat, as she's my second favourite champion, played her a ton. Biggest thing you gotta figure out with these champions is Timing. You need a lot of awareness to keep track of what spells and abilities the enemies have on cooldown and pick the correct time to fight, or you will melt. If you notice the enemy have used all their disables, or there's an isolated champion with no means to defend themselves, that's when you attack. You never ever initiate as either of these champions.   Secondly, your laning phase is not going to be brilliant. Katarina inherantly has a disadvantage in lane, and has to exploit enemy mistakes in order to win her lane. Most champions except really shit laners like Veigar, are going to win your lane without help. Unfortunately, they both require a lot of farm to be effective. Essentially you have to be farming very well in a lane that is not going to be easy for you to do so. Ganks help and when you get level 6 on both, you have the potential to destroy squishies.   Thirdly, Katarina especially is as much dependant on your own team as she is on the enemy team. Even if the enemy team has a lot of disables, she can still work if you have a team that has disables as well. Your team can absorb or use disables themselves to allow you to get in and do your damage. Galio ult or Alistar Q are good examples since the enemy champions are disabled while you sit there channelling your ult. If your team can't disable the enemy team, you aren't going to do as well even if they have no disables, since they can still kill you fast.   Lastly, assassins such as Katarina, purely through her presence has a very harsh psychological effect on the enemy team. Most decent players will realise, "Right, there's an enemy Katarina, we  must  deal with her fast". This does a couple of things. First, usually you will have an AD carry who also has the capability to destroy the other team, use this to your advantage. Force the enemy team to choose between attacking you, or attacking your carry. They generally cannot do both unless the enemy assassins or anti carries are very well farmed or the AD carry makes a mistake. If they don't focus you, have fun with the penta kill, if they do, your AD carry can have fun. Secondly it is also going to heavily distract the enemy team because they are going to be paranoid waiting for you to make your move and try and disable you. Finally it also has the effect that sometimes, the enemy team will wait for so long for you to make your move that it gets to a point where they must blow their cc or they are going to die to your team, I think of it as a critical mass point. If you can force the enemy team to get to that stage where they must fight to survive, you can exploit that and go in afterwards.
1	From my point of view, i think he is more suitable as a jungler. His q does more damage to isolated unit  and fairly short cd so... I guess he can be potentially a counter jungler. His hp is quite low imo. Playing him top lane can be hard if opponent is agressive even though khazix has w to sustain, e and r to escape.
1	Do not get Tear/AA. Start with boots 3 pot, transition to however many doran rings you want (2 is enough). Very strong harass still.   Level Q first, don't use your AoE all that often (burns mana and isn't worth it save for getting kills early game).   Orianna is incredibly fun to play because she has great burst and can also save overaggressive allies. I LOVE playing with an initiator, because I can Shield the ball over to them, Ulti flip everyone close to him, Dissonance AoE for snare and damage, and then move the ball a little bit for that extra punch to get a kill.
1	We can't be so naive about the political decision some goverments take. It's not a matter of control, or the goverment wanting to control. I would not be surprised if there were soon to be elections on korea or something. And one party was using gaming as an scapegoat to gain popularity among those parents that are too concerned his kid is spending 6 hours a day in front of a computer playing a video game. It the so called "stamina" system will most likely not go live as, in korea videogames are a multi million dollar industry and they have been for over 15 years. If there are no elections soon or something like that, the korean goverment just realized how much profit riot has been making on korean soil and are just trying to gain favor of the people to pass a law that taxes that income, just as the Sweeden does alcohol, the netherlands does marihuana and most countries do tobacco. Casinos are regulated for the same reason, you might be told that it's because it is for them being "unhealthy" or a "threat" but in reality they regulate and tax casinos because they move a shit ton of money, yet you can see casinos are still considered a pretty good bussiness. And while I don't believe you being 14 years old weights enough for you not to be able to make decision regarding your own life, most countries do, most people do.
1	S1, didnt play ranked. S2, high silver, bout 10 elo from gold end of season. S3, currently gold 3.   I dont have enough free time to spam ranked games, so I slowly climb. I win a good percentage of my games, hell Im winning almost 30 points a match and I dont even know what I lose since I havent lost a ranked game in about a month. The two games Ive been able to play this week landed me 27 and 29 points respectively.   Ill be diamond one day (i hope)
1	I love the concept of Ryze's kit... I just don't like the 30% CDR on his ult passive. Now you can't really build tanky which really takes the feel away from it being Ryze.   His Q becoming a skillshot doesn't bother me that much, I just hate how slow it feels.
0	Last but not least and all that. When we both get home from work, we carpool, I walk the dog and play some fetch with her while the wife calms down after her day, then I pack us both a bowl and grab my laptop, I set up in the living room to smoke with her while I play WoW and she hits Hearthstone on her iPad, then later in the evening we turn off the games and watch TV or do some other activity together.
0	You have a completely warped view of the world. If you seriously believe that the millions of people making up the organization that is the Catholic Church are for the most part "pedophiles, hypocrites, narcissists, and criminals" then I have a few conspiracy theories to sell you on. Nevermind that it is literally the world's largest charitable organization, or that the percentage of child molesters in the Church is  actually lower than the average in our school systems, government, child-care services, or in most other major religions  (Read about it, the Catholic Church just gets more media attention because it's easy to attack it for being extra-hypocritical--again, people are fallible and individuals did stupid, terrible things). And if you seriously think that the scientific accomplishments were simply the ability of monks to copy Greek texts then you need a serious history lesson. Also--trying to trivialize the  incredible  act of actually preserving countless irreplaceable, priceless historical texts that literally  sparked the Renaissance  is fucking pathetic. Oh and you know what other group preserved those texts? The Arabs under their new religious revival, Islam. Yep, two religions are directly responsible for modern science and thought.   Oh and you clearly don't know shit about the Catholic Church if you think that:   > On the one hand, the Church actively persecuted (read: tortured and murdered) anybody who disagreed with a LITERAL (remember that? yeah, turns out it was important) interpretation of the bible for hundreds of years.   HA. HA. HA. Dude, you do understand that the Catholic Church has been  defined  by it's different interpretation of the Bible since essentially it's earliest days? What the fuck do you think all of those conclaves and debates were about? Those Christian sects that actually attempted to do exactly what you said--interpret the Bible literally, were many times throughout history, even  before  the Protestant Reformation ( WHICH WAS A BREAK FROM CATHOLICISM BECAUSE PEOPLE WANTED TO INTERPRET THE BIBLE LITERALLY. TAKE A HISTORY LESSON. ) labeled heretics and persecuted. Where do you think for example the Catholic views on the Saints came from? Sure as hell wasn't dictated in the Bible--yet Saints have been a critical aspect of the Church for it's entire history! Wow! I wonder how they accomplished that if they were  just interpreting the Bible literally?  Give me a break. The Catholic Church straight up has always been a  combination  of the Scriptures, Church Catechisms, Tradition, and Papal Interpretation. You  think  you know about the Catholic Church but all you have ever learned was a completely inadequate description you read on /r/atheism, and then a bunch of circlejerking nonsense about it being an evil crew of pedophile hypocrites. But God forbid anyone tells you that you  don't  actually know what it's about because that would imply that they know something that you don't about a thing you've convinced yourself you have "all figured out"! Go read the damn wikipedia article about the Catholic Church buddy, you literally have no idea what you're talking about and you're spouting classic /r/atheism conspiracy theory bullshit. You're what we call a pseudo-intellectual. You literally fake being an intellectual on subjects in order to validate yourself, but really you actually don't know what you're talking about at all and are forced to fall back on cliched, uninformed, misguided arguments that don't hold up in an actual intellectual debate. And the funny thing is I'm not even using anything more than (actual)  basic  knowledge of the Catholic Church here yet I'm still 1000 times more right than you've been this entire discussion. Pseudo-intellectuals like yourself are the cancer that plagues reddit.   You are far too concerned with trying to just win some giant struggle of "science vs Christianity" to ever have an unbiased, objective view on the overall discussion of "science  and  Christianity". You keep trying to change the topic of discussion because you don't care about the discussion itself, you just want to make religion out to be bad, and thus you are actually a  bad debater , just as biased and narrow-minded on this subject as any right-wing evangelical nut-job would be. It's pretty ironic isn't it?
0	Don't listen to everyone saying you have ADHD or need to take meds. I think it's messed up how our society attributes a lack of interest to having a mental disorder.   You're completely fine. I am a healthy individual and I "suffer" the exact same problem as you. Everyone's brain works differently. Growing up on computers and having rapid access to information had bred a new type of person. These people are not "ill", they simply think differently. It isn't a commitment problem, it's that your brain enjoys receiving information in different ways.   For me, I don't enjoy reading because it doesn't stimulate enough of my senses. I want sound, visuals, interaction. When I say this, people often come back with "well you must not have an imagination". As a man who makes his living off multiple artistic mediums, I assure you I have an imagination.
1	I just think viktor isnt in the meta right now. Right now midlaners with no mobility are just usless. You can just camp them with junglers like vi or lee sin and wreck them. Its more of a matter of nerfing the stronger champions so the cycle of champions continues.
0	We seem to just have different philosophies on borrowing, and that's okay. The main thing I took issue with was that your original comment seemed disrespectful and dismissive. I think it's fair to say that, in most cases, when you borrow something you have a clear purpose for borrowing it (say, for example, you want to watch a season of a TV show and I lend you the DVDs), and both you and the person you borrow it from should have at least a general idea of the time frame of that purpose. I know people watch shows at vastly different rates, but I think it helps to illustrate my point. Say the season has 15 half-hour episodes; a casual watcher might watch an episode a day, taking just over two weeks to finish the season. If, after 3 or 4 weeks--past what I'd consider a reasonable average time, but not long enough that it's too much of a problem--I haven't gotten my DVDs back or you haven't said anything about them, I'd probably ask if you'd finished with the season. If you're done and you give them back, that's fine; I can understand if it took a little longer than I expected, you were probably busy with other things. But if I find out that you binge-watched the season in 4 days and were keeping them just because "you didn't know when I wanted them back", I'd be pretty pissed. Likewise if you hadn't even started watching; why borrow something if you're not going to use it?
1	I don't like to build AP on Karma. I start with a double faerie charm + pots build or one faerie charm with an enemt jungle, and rush Philo. The reason is, I don't like to take farm from my lane partner, and a philo, occasional creep, and assist gold is plenty for me. Afterwards, I gauge how well we're doing. If my lane has scored a few early kills, I'll pick up my ionian boots of lucidity. If it's passive or we're losing, I get a HoG and tier 1 boots. Again, evaluate the gameplay as you b to buy items. Fed AD carries destroying you? Rush Thornmail or Frozen Heart. And FoN or BV for AP. I love tanky Karma because my shields are plenty strong without AP, and it allows for me to easily heal and disrupt fights by standing in the center. I also can meatshield much much better and let my dps run away if need be. By being in the center, I can help dps with my Q if we're winning, W an escaping enemy or a chasing teammate, etc. Late game, I like to upgrade my philo to either a eleisa's miracle if they're cc heavy or a shurelya's if not. Another item I love is QSS, as Karma has difficulties escaping with CC on her. Don't forget wards are your friends!
1	Since I started playing, all of my pvp games have been with a group of my 30 friends, LoL has a steep learning curve, but as long as you know basic mechanics and make good decisions, you will generally play to the level of your competition or better. It's all about working to better yourself. That's the fun part of any video game. I'm a 30 now because my friends helped me get better by constantly having me play with their level of competition, and as a result I pub stomped a majority of the players at my level when I was around 20, even if I wasn't smurfing.
0	You are right that this kind of overpricing is not fully explained by just sayin there is supply and demand. The "problem" this is trying to solve is that there are usually  fixed prices  for a product.   Let me expand on this (ELI5 version):   Let's say there is a product that costs about $80 to make (and market). Now you analyze the market and try to find the price that is making you the most money. If the price is too high, few people will buy, if the price is too low, you won't make much money per unit. So you find the "best" price is $100.   But every individual buyer has his own limit what he would be willing to pay for the product. There are some guys willing to pay $90 max, so there would still be a profit, but you are simply not making the sales at a $100 price. And on the other hand, there's a rich guy willing to pay up to $200, but he gets the product for $100, too! That's lost profit for you.   Obviously, it would be best to negotiate each sale individually, but that's problematic to realize and seems kinda not fair. So you start to change your product into basic, standard and deluxe versions, and sell them at different prices, making more profit.   The important thing is to see that the additional "value", the additional costs to provide the deluxe product and the additional price you sell it for  don't have to be related at all . Because rich guy has already been willing to pay $200  for the standard version of the product . And this is why upgrades are usually way overpriced, and you get better value for the standard product.   Example: 16, 32, 64 GB versions of an ipad. Apples additional cost to make the big versions are neglectable, yet the price differences are high.
0	Since small, i have enjoyed being in the dark. It gives me a sense of security to be enveloped by it.   What i don't like are encounters in the dark.  Ghosts especially (mind-made or real, not sure), are quite annoying: having a nightmare then suddenly waking up to floating things creeping around the room, ignoring you at first, then staring you down as they disappear;  creaking sounds from places that shouldn't creak;  breaths of cold air moving across your face as you lay in your bed in a warmed room; the occasional black shadow holding you down as you wake up and try to break free...   But more recently, my concerns turned to the local realm and more specifically, burglars, murderers and creepy crawlers. Just a while back there was an escapee on the loose in the city, even further back there was a burglary in the neighborhood and more recently, i woke up to a long-legged spider making its way down the wall towards me or my face.   There's also that crazy cat clawing my window from time to time, and gets into fights with other crazy cats, at my window, meowing like wailing babies, which sends shivers down my spine...
0	In most cases those officers are probably beating them up for a better reason than the husband is to his wife, which is probably for NO reason to being with.
1	I played normal draft from lvl 20-30 and had almost no problems (except pick order vs call order which was still huge when I was playing) but after I started playing only ranked and whenever I went back to normal draft to get relief from ranked, I would get trolls, like double top lane who followed me around in jg stealing buffs/camps/experience to straight up a lot more afks, I don't think it's worse than ranked, just equally bad in different ways, ranked is a lot more flaming but people will try to win most of the time while it seems like there's less flaming in draft but people don't care about the games.
0	dude... hitting someone with a frisbee isn't socially awkward.  it's a common tactic.   Fixed it for you.  Learned this a little too late in my life - I was hanging out at an apartment pool with a friend, chilling, beating the heat.  Two hotties were there (who knew there were hotties in that crappy apartment building) getting a tan.  Then these two dudes came out and seemed to ignore them while walking over to the girls' end of the pool.  Still ignoring them, they walked to the side closest to the girls, then proceeded to cannonball into the pool.  After a few times, one of them just happens to notice them and says "oh, sorry, didn't mean to splash you" then did another more violent cannonball.  Shortly thereafter came the introduction, the conversation, and eventually the four of them heading back into the apartment together.
0	I feel you. I had an exam in a course I had abandoned because I was changing my degree and didn't need it. Took the exam just for the heck of it. Who knows what will happen right? BTW if you haven't figured it out yet this is at university level of education.   It was an oral exam and I had been to none of the classes through the year, and had probably read about 50 pages out of the whole curriculum. Which was probably around 500 to 600 pages if memory serves.   Some exam day I walk in and draw my subject/question. Upon reading it I was like "Well this is nice, I know some of these words." That should be read as I had no fucking clue what I was being asked about.   Too early to give up though as I was given 20 minutes of preparation after getting the question.   First thing I did in the prep room was to go to the back of the book and see if the index contained some of the fancy words from the question. Within seconds I found what I was looking for and then it was just getting the gist of things within the time left.   Once time was up I am called into the exam room. There are two professors/teachers sitting at a table covered in green cloth because that stuff is relaxing or something to that tone. They look at me and I stare them back in their face. I like to think we both know the time has come. Bullshit time.   I start my bullshit presentation. If bullshit detectors existed and were present in the same way you have detectors for radioactive rays in a nuclear plant we would be at a level you would only find during a meltdown just outside the core. Yep my bullshit engine was going and it was running at maximum RPM.   About 3/4 into the exam I had been talking non stop and only been interrupted a little now and again but the exterminators by small questions on the things I had glanced over maybe a bit too fast they choose it was time to test me in a simple case made up on the spot.   For those of you who do not know this is usually something that is done when you go for the good grades. First you show you know the theory then if they are convinced you do know it you might get to try and apply it on a case.   Well I almost had a heart attack when they stopped me the first time as usually being stopped mid sentence is a bad thing. Oh, did we forget that I know that I am bullshitting my way through this? At the point where I was stopped I was sure they had had enough. I mean how could they not?   Imagine my surprise at getting a free pass during the last 1/4 of the time of the exam. Talking about a case made up on the spot is probably one of the easiest things you can do as a bullshitter.   Finally the time was up and I walk out of the room convinced that I might just have scored a passing grade. If this confuses you it is because there are two people examining me and they have to agree on a grade and I am not allowed in the room during that discussion.   A minute or two passes which can be both good and a bad thing depending on your outlook. For me it was more or less like waiting to get hanged. Yet as time has a way of doing it does not wait even for me.  Which I might add it should.   I get called back into the room and I am praised. I score the second highest possible grade which pouts me in a shell shocked state. Like a poorly build humanoid robot from Japan I thank them and of on my way I go.   It takes a couple of minutes to finally sink in that I passed an exam with flying colors, and one I had made zero preparations for at that. I feel kind of cheated actually. Why do you ask? Well if anything this showcases just how random an exam can be. I really do not thing you should be able to get good grades when you have not done the work needed to get them. It just becomes too random when you can ace an exam like that and fail one you have worked on with all your might simply because you might have been a bit unlucky compared to being lucky.
1	We actually ran something like this a few days ago in a premade 5v5 draft normal mode game with cho top nunu jungle smitecrank/vayne bot lane.   I was playing the smitecrank, was trying it for the first time and I have to say smite is really handy to have both in lane and baron/dragon fights   well so our tac was nunu to get level 3 gank bot and rush dragon at that with vayne/nunu and 2 smites was a piece of cake and after that when baron spawns sneak it: Blitz just smites then goes to lane and stays in sight of the enemy team with mid while cho nunu and vayne kill baron(which goes down really fast)   We had some good early game plays but this strat got us a really easy 23 min win.   not saying this is a good strat(only tried it in normal) but is fun will edit here after we have 5v5 rankeds with this (the team we beat had 1 plat rest gold/silver players)
1	I recently got back into ranked (first 10 games) on my 2nd account and went solo top as Renekton against Morde.  After calling for ganks (not crying) at opportune times we killed morde 2 times and gave me a significant advantage.  I wasn't ganked once because I warded my own lane (don't trust anyone to ward your lane in solo queue) and have decent map awareness.   At the end of the game I moused over Mordes name to see that he had won almost 400 ranked games.  I outplayed him in every way.  Although I'm sitting right at 1207 and hold a 50% w/l ratio, I knew he was right where he was for a reason.  Is he better than me?  Did he have a bad game?  Hueuheuhuehueheuheuheuhe?  Maybe.   The problem is, he probably  thinks  he is better than me, simply because he has more ranked wins than I do.  Maybe you are where you are because you have a lot to learn.   This reminds me of a story.  Teaching someone who already knows something i.e. programming, will have a harder time accepting new concepts than someone who has never done it before.
1	Last 5 normal games with him I've went 51/5/43 - he's rather good.  Use  this .  Also switch the Sunfire Cape for an Aegis because Sunfire Cape is the worst item in the game.   Play defensively early game, take E at level 1 to easily take cs, Q at level 2, W at level 3.  Put more points in Q if you're stronger than your lane opponent, more points in E if you want to continue to play passively.  Once you hit 6 you should be able to 1 v 1 (maybe even 1 v 2) anybody.  His ult is on a very low cooldown, so use it up.  If you're low, you can go back to your tower, fire off your ult to clear the creep wave, then go back to base safely.   Rumble scales very well with levels, so you're going to want to farm up as much as you can.  He is also an excellent ganker, so if your lane is pushed to the tower, look to gank mid.  You could also pull an M5 and counterjungle, but I wouldn't recommend it, as Rumble doesn't clear too quickly.   In teamfights, try to get your heat up to 50 before you fire off your Q to get the maximum damage.  Make sure to ult before you spam your spells in case you accidentally overheat.  Your Q is your main damage so always have it up when you can.  Think of overheating as another skill in your skill set.  Use it to take down towers more quickly, or put in some extra damage after your skills are exhausted.  Try to over heat using your Q so that damage is still up for the majority of the silence.  Overheating with E isn't bad either, especially if you need the slow.
1	It's fine to keep playing if you can figure out what you did wrong. Sadly I think everyone tilts. I don't even think it's tilting but more pressure on you to carry. Like I'm pretty much Silver lining up against P5/G1 so I'm like ok this will be fun - Carry a couple games fine skip the entire Gold Promo and just get it at 100LP. Now I'm fucked - im like 10/1 but adc is like 1/6. Me being me I realize what's up and put focus on both top and bot but after 2 kills top shift on bot counterganking. I mean this kog pretty much got the hate on from the whole team xD So I come in nuke people let him kill his 6/7 we start to retaking Turrets. Than I just snipe their carry and free lvl13 baron. Looks like we finally got into this game and instead of starting to trust your team I just fuck up get greedy and out of position while the enemy is like: ok we just have to kill Ganker and we win. And that's what they did :(  Happened 3 in a row haha..
1	Platinum Top Lane Nasus (kinda) main.   I never had any problems with any of those 4 champions, but judiging from how much I get supposedly counterpicked with these guys there seems to be some misconception.   First off: Anything that does entirely physical damage is generally a bad pick against Nasus unless he has sick armor shred/pen tools. Don't do it. Also, anything that has AoE and damages the wave in trades and pushes to Nasus' turret is also generally bad. If you combine both you get Riven and Renekton. Very popular picks that only work with a jungler ready to pick up your work and dive Nasus, which is the important part about shutting down Nasus.   Riven and Pantheon have no sustain and their entire damage is physical. Panth doesn't even have a combat ult. They will start losing  at level 6 to all-ins (panth) or 7-9ish (riven) due to sustain issues.   Shyvana is a decent pick, she can punish and dive him quite effecitvely with a jungler and she has mixed damage.   The best champs to punish Nasus are Kayle, Teemo, Irelia, Urgot and Vladimir. Ryze also works, so does Shen with MPen marks, glyphs and quints. Some of those picks are manageable by maxing E but they don't fall off too hard and do a good job of keeping him down for a while.   They have mixed/true damage and can do a lot of damage without pushing too hard plus they are hard to kill even with wither. Most of them are easily camped though so keep warding up, Wither plus Jungle CC is very hard to escape.   so,
0	My Asian GF had a literal twin from behind devil best friend, she loved to give me hard time any way she could. Imagine her delight when i walked up to her and grabbed her waste from behind only to find out she wasn't my girlfriend. Walk of shame burns brothers.
1	Ok while this is a valid strategy depending on your allies/enemies, this 'tip' is more of an alternative playstyle (more risk, more reward) than the usual w-with-doranshield.   Taking W first is vital if you are defending off invades or participating in level 1 action. The higher up you go, the more you will encounter teams trying a 5 man invade to take advantage of unaware or lazy players. When 5 players meet 5 players, your q does 100% nothing for your team. Not having W stun up can be MASSIVE in these situations and you will regret it if a big clash happens.   A lot of supports are IMPOSSIBLE to trade with without your stun up. Tresh, leona are extremely popular and will crush you if you try this q harass stuff. In the vid hes doing it against fiddle, which is the kindof champ you can do this against. A lane with high kill potential (blitz, leona, thresh, ali) will poop on you a lot.   Another problem is the level 2 all in. By taking Q, if you do NOT win the lvl 1 trades hard and they manage to outshove you, a lot of bot lanes will all in and remove you.   By taking shield, you are again a lot more vulnerable to people going aggressive on you. Ring provides more damage and mana, but less defensive stats. The obvious result is that jungler ganks, powerful skillshots (hooks/leona/zyra/jinx) and targeted cc (ali/annie) will kill you MUCH easier. Its risky to try this against skilled and smart opponents.   The reward can be good, because obviously you are a big bully. If you want to try this sortof thing i can also advise a 26 ap, magic pen + armor runepage. If your opponent gets surprised by this at level one, its one of the easiest and quickest ways to win botlane all by yourself.
0	At least it's  your  Grandma. Try having a deluded schitzoid paranoid mother in law who invites herself for a fortnight and thinks if she stops talking to herself or buying things her head will explode.
1	You guys are all so lame in this.. Like, I see that the new themes have problems, but you all seem to discredit the mods so much, they have worked on this,maybe for days, and thus, they cant just send it to the garbage so easily.. I dont like it either, but I'm not sure if its cause its bad or because its the change that bothers me most.. I dont complain though, nor I go and create millions of threads for the same thing.. Also, show some respect to these Mods for managing this wonderfull subreddit the entire LoL community uses, pros,casters and even Reds..
1	riot has done an amazing job listening to the community. Obviously they can't input every idea as it may inflict with other problems most people overlook and also they have way and goals set for themselves as a company.   Riot is one of the best companies out there in terms of support. I don't see this kind of support from other companies other than valve. Look at blizzard for example, they ignore alot of the issues with the game and thats why some people have switched.   Also another big company is activision. Call of duty one of the biggest games out there and yet, the company doesn't listen to the community much(getting better) there are many unbalanced things in the game that isn't fixed for a long time.   When you look at an idea on reddit. You only read about the positive things that it can change, but often times there are many negative factors to it which many people don't think about.
1	There are a few problems with this map for standard LoL play.  Main Points  will be in  Bold  while  Sub Points  will be in  Italics .   If you have a rebuttal or another point, feel free to let me know.     1. Lack of Minions extends game time/introduces a possibility for there to be no way for the game to end itself.   A. This introduces the possibility for players to farm IP and XP without actually playing.   B. This also prolongs the game since there won't be minions pushing lanes at all times. Instead, teams will stay near their jungle creeps and farm to max level/to late-game gear.     2. Excluding Champions, Wards, and Champion-Spawned minions, having Jungle Creeps only to gain EXP/Gold from keeps the entire team from progressing at the same rate.   A. Jungle Creeps with any respawn timer longer than 1 minute, especially weak creeps denies teammates gold and experience that they could otherwise need in order for their team to gain an upper hand against their opponent.   B. Having shared experience with some jungle creeps would end up reducing the overall EXP that the team would receive, effectively slowing their progress as a team.   C. Having shared experience for all jungle creeps would increase the overall amount of experience a team could accrue at the cost of denying teammates gold, though less so than if only a few creeps had shared EXP.     3. Characters with high-move speeds/stealth would become over-powered in this.   A. The stealth would allow for simple infiltration, ward placement, and creep stealing.   B. High-Move speeds would allow for easy creep stealing and early ward placing, possibly enabling fast moving champions to counter jungle in early game.   C. Abilities that allow for vision from either being in an area such as Teemo's mushrooms, or reveal on-hit such as Caitlin's Yordle Snap Traps, while performing like they were designed to, would be much more effective if the entire map(minus Baron and spawns) was affected by Fog of War.
0	That's ridiculous.   Depending on who you work for, of course. It could be counted against you if say your employer has an interest in your financial stability (ie a lot of Gov entities)...   A W-4 is something that you can, and should, constantly change. If you're someone that is always waiting for tax season because you're getting that big ass check, then you're paying too much every pay period. If that makes you comfortable, and you're okay with that, then good! A W-4 tells your employer how much to take from your check every period, and then your employer has to pay the government that much on your account. It's basically a privilege provided to you.
1	I noticed something interesting you might want to know.   When my normal winrate was around 50%, and 90% of players I got matched up with had no borders, etc. I encountered the same problem  a lot.   After that, I decided to try hard and grind normals for a bit till my winrate was ~53% (500w/450l), and I got matched up with golds and silvers 90% of the time, with ocassional plats. At this level, people were a lot more tolerant of things like this, I could have the worst games ever and go 0/10 but receive little or no flaming at all, and sometimes I even get constructive tips.   I think this is because lower normal elo is filled with bad players who tryhard, they wont get anywhere because they aren't trying to improve, so they get frustrated and start blaming it on the easiest scapegoat...the  first time xxxx player  Just something I thought Id share.
1	Vlad is amazing because of how resourceful he can be with his builds along with his range. Want to sustain the entire lane and whittle them down? Spell Vamp for you to go along with your vamp Q. How about damage, want to nuke them like crazy? Go ahead and build yourself an ap nuke item like DFG, his ultimate combined with the DFG is a boosted 32% damage! Maybe you want to be tanky and still deal damage. No problem, liandrys torment is waiting for you along with that sweet magic pen along with the synergy of your passive. Straight tanky vlad? That Warmogs, Zhonyas and Spirit Visage will do you lovely.
0	I clearly was the only white colored Indian in my class.... and judging by anyone one of those damn examples I gave, anyone would know that I am sympathetic to the suffering of a minority when it comes to issues of hate and racism.   Are you just going to breeze by the fact that you first assumed that i was a racist white person?   Also, let's just take a moment to realize that my negative experience on many reservations in Idaho and Washington are turning me into a bad guy.
1	Morello and he are Co-Lead Designers for the game now, but even if that is his official title, I'm sure it'll be a couple of months, if not a bit longer before we see more of his impact on the game. As far as I know, Morello never led live-design as the Lead Game Designer, he has worked on more of the things that were to come and farther away. He does talk about some of the things that live design is planning, but he always forwards more of the questions towards Xypherous who is one of the main live-designers.   So, it's certainly possible Ghostcrawler could eventually be more of a live lead-game designer, but at this point nobody knows his role at Riot. I seriously doubt however that someone who is so new to a company (in a game that is constantly receiving updates, unlike a game still in development) would be able to grab the reigns on something major, even as a lead designer, for a couple of months at the very least. Also, you have to keep in mind these are just figure heads for each development team in Riot. From what we've heard in public, there seems to be two balance teams in charge of the game. A live team and the non-live, future based team. Up until Ghostcrawler joined Riot,  it appeared Morello was the Lead Designer for Future and Xypherous was the Lead Designer for Live. Where does Ghostcrawler fit in for now? I have no idea, nobody does.   Again, this is just my own understanding of it and I could be completely wrong. But, since he has joined Riot Games, Ghostcrawler doesn't seem to be very open about anything, nor is he a vocal member of the community for the company yet. I'm not saying he has to be, perhaps that's why he went to Riot to avoid all of that, but at the very least it's better to not assume things rather than wait for answers.
0	No problem. I've always felt true stupidity is willful ignorance. People that choose not to learn, choose not to ask questions. Ignorance is simply lack of knowledge which can be remedied. By choosing to seek information, you have proved intelligence, emerging from ignorance, therefore proving lack of stupidity.
0	I think, whether you have friends or not, that some people get their energy from being around people and some get their energy from a bit of alone time. I know in myself that if I go a long period of time without a day to myself I start to get short tempered and a bit snappy. I very much look forward to the day when I realise that I have a day coming up where I have no plans.   My friend (who is of the same mindset) put it nicely, when you start days to yourself you remember that "humans are herd animals" and then you do get bored. I'm not sure what the solution is but I  just think it depends on your mindset not your number of friends.
1	I think a point of difference between yours and Madlife's hook is that ezreal could not see where Madlife's hook was going during the wind-up and blinked away trying to escape from Madlife, who predicted ezreal's blink direction to catch him. In your case, the ezreal saw where the grab was going and mistakenly blinked into it after you casted it.
1	I in no way was solely targeting this at you but the design/developers in general. You just happened to be the only employee in this thread with a comment on the changes. I also do respect Riot greatly, which is probably why I'm so flustered with things like this. I just want eSports to go forward and I want skillcap play to be rewarded. Its why I find myself still playing Super Smash Bros melee 10 years later. It's all mechanical skill cap and nothing more.   Champions like lee sin should be promoted for their playmaking abilities and they are so often and obviously punished when doing so improperly.
0	When I say 'I'm fine' it usually means - "I am mad for something stupid that I don't think is worth arguing about, drop it and it will pass."  It usually is a result of my overreacting to something that I shouldn't have and I just need time to come back over to the rational side of my brain.  Quick example, I have gotten sarcastic and pissed off when he works extra hours on a Saturday.  My brain knows he is doing it for us (and because he can catch up a bit on the weekend) but my being bored makes me get mad about it...
1	This has happened to me many times, and frankly, i don't see why you have a issue with it. So what if you can't pick your "favorite" roles, Solo/Duo Q isn't about picking your favorite roles, its about adapting to your team comp and learning how to play every role proficiently, while still being able to dominate games when you get your normal picks. Duo queuing should not be an advantage, not everyone can duo queue and it would be unfair to solo qers if a duo q always got first pick.
0	I guess I couldn't really make it all that clear, but I haven't lost respect for her intelligence either. As I said, I respect her for both her intelligence and enjoy her looks. If she wanted to be appreciate for both I could do that without a problem. What I was trying to say, in a light-hearted way, is that she wants to be valued only for her intelligence, not for her looks (which are considerable, she is very attractive), yet often says things to me that indicate that she really loves the fact  that her breasts are large.   Honestly, I tried to get the point across that I respect her by using the term "breasts" in the meme, not boobs or tits or whatever. But of course that level of subtlety is impossible to achieve on a meme like that.
0	I had a day of detention for stabbing a guy in the face.   Story time! I had a newly sharpened penciled and held it by his face. Slowly my finger proceeds to tap his should to gain his attention. As he turns, unknowingly to his demise, the pencil pierces his cheek. He immediately drew his face back as my haunting mischievous laugh echoed through the classroom. In shock and horror my teacher gave me detention. My friend was kinda pissed at first then laughed. It drew blood so the teacher didn't see the silver lining. Still though I told everyone I was in there fore stabbing a guy in the face.
1	Super slow game. I was playing kog and every lane on my team lost, including mine. We eventually pulled back into it after 2 lost inhibs and grabbing 2 barons+ a few drags. We were pushing for it and we all grouped around enemy red, i stole it but my team was around the wraiths and i was in the bottom of red camp. That lead to the team acing us by jumping on me first and losing a great comeback.
1	As an avid Sion player, I'm actually SO EXCITED for this to hit live. It's barely a buff, but it is thematically awesome.   The question is: Is it as awesome as drive-by killing someone with your shield exploding or your Funfire Cape burning while you are in your ultimate? I have killed people in drive-by scenarios with both of these, and it is AWESOME.
