1	EDG 's brand is becoming more and more popular. They just got sponsorship from Chinese biggest film/entertainment company. And the number of followers of their social media doubled in the recent month.
1	I totally agree that Silver V is worse than Bronze V.   I started in Bronze V, played a few games, then went back to normals for practice. After putting on my big boy pants and playing ranked again I zoomed up to the tippy top of Bronze and pushed into Silver. It was easy.   And then it went downhill. Four times I lost my placement matches, won three in a row and then lost my placement matches. Again and again.   Last night I finally managed to get into Silver IV after the most toxic game I've ever played.   The enemy team was raging, our team was raging, everyone was raging.   I knew it'd be a bad game as soon as I went into river to guard my buff and enemy Ezreal called me a 'big green fat bastard'.   Fantastic I thought, I'm playing with and against 12 year olds.   Of course our top lane was getting camped and yelling at me. And you know why he was being camped? Cause he never bought a ward. Ever. But that's my fault, not his.   And then, being Zac, in team fights my job is to dive right into the middle of the fight and just cause as much disruption as possible. Which I did. Over and over.   But according to 3 people on my team I didn't do anything in team fights and should just go AFK.   Da fuk? Zac isn't supposed to be getting the pentas, he's supposed to be making the enemy team go 'Y I NO CAN MOVE WTF Y I GET INTERUPT WATWATWAT????????'   But finally I'm out of that hell hole, and hopefully will climb higher. I might just kill myself if I drop back into Silver V.
1	I find that there are kind of two communities in a way. Most of my game time is during the middle of the week during the day and the while there are still the occasional trolls, but I find on the weekends and ater about 4:30 the quality of players and games go down a little bit.
0	As a subject, people give English Lit a lot of shit, but  writing/arguing effectively are probably the most valuable and challenging skills you can learn for a wide variety of focuses.   Completely agree with this when the first part is removed. The focus on English Literature is just plain incorrect. The focus should be on composition, logic, grammar - the stuff that one actually needs to effectively communicate and argue.   I wish my grammar and composition was better, but most of the time it is irrelevant as students aren't effectively taught this and it isn't apparent.   A high school graduate should be able to communicate and argue effectively, no question. Having read "the classics" or "good books" is not that important as a core skill. Certainly when you can't articulate an argument.   I didn't have problems with many of my English teachers taking an opposition view. But that was with communicating my reasons relatively well.
1	In ranked you will see some good players who really want to play ranked to win, like you. Some of them will really try very hard and will notice the smallest mistake of the team, and start flaming or typing uselessly in /all chat ("This  champion here  is so bad report pls"etc.). Some will be less worried about losing and will take it relaxed. Some just want you to lose, because they didn't get mid, or because they support.   Anyways, a bit hard to do, but to make your games more enjoyable you don't have to worry at all. If you're indifferent about losing, you will both have more fun, and win more games. That's because you won't be anxious when playing, making you play better. I've won 1000 normals and lost 770, when at ranked thats different, because i was very nervous, i even was shaking my legs. Now that i'm not, i successfully climbed a whole tier.   The best thing to do is do your absolute best at placement games. They count a lot. But dont flame.
1	I can't control that my desire for flamers to lose outweighs my own desire to win.  I don't consciously throw, I just naturally do it because deep down I want to lose, because watching rager flip out posting game is fucking hilarious and provides more satisfaction than winning the game.
1	Hey man people react foolishly. This is a game that brings out the worst in people and I used to chew my teammates out all the time. It took me a long time to become the player and friend that I am. There are several things your friend needs to consider:   You may have lost to bronze players but you don't even have a full rune page yet. That rune page is huge early game. Extra ad helps last hitting, harassing, and early resistances can be as high as a 10% difference in damage you take.   Trynd loses to any Darius with a brain. Darius' kit directly counters Trynd and the only weakness is he really can't use Q under a tower as the bleed stacks will keep tower aggro. Basically this means Trynd's only option is to farm under tower. That's not something anyone  wants  to do and probably not something that trynd realized he needed to do.   Context always matters. Your friend forgot context. 7/5 is better than any bronze or silver player would do if they queued up with me, because the match making rating for my accounts is redonculous in normals. His expectations for the outcome of the match were probably unreasonable. Matchmaking has always had a hard time trying to balance mix and matched premades especially when they have lower levels in them. You'd think two level 30s and two low levels would be up against a similar opposing team but that's never how it turns out. Heck, when I queue up with my silver friends I go into the match ASSUMING I am going to lose. And I keep my cool. And we laugh when everything goes horribly wrong and also when everything somehow goes right.   Your friend had an unreasonable bout of toxicity and anger. He might not be able to play League with you yet, and he probably can't play it with those girls. I had a friend who was incredibly nice but they didn't take League seriously at all and they were also not very good - and they were even gold. I stopped playing with them because even though I can handle losing, I still play to win. I don't play with folks who want to troll. I still talk to them. I have friends from other games that play League and I have them on my friends list and we talk all the time too - but I don't play with them very often. I make opponents too much harder for them.
1	I'm definitely going to have to disagree with this.   The shield effect doesn't stack, so unless they take the full 180+3.5 damage, you don't get the most out of it.  Hitting multiple teammates with both waves requires your team to position into it; not really a priority in team fights.  Shield travel time may be an issue, but can be compensated by range.  It's just really too situational to be considered one of the best.  Every other shield with a ratio has a higher ap or ad ratio.  The base 80 is standard on support shields, with lee sin's at a 40 (it overtakes lux's by level 4).  With the additional bonuses that everyone else's shields give, lux's really sucks for a shield.  It also scales off terribly late game due to the low ratio.  Essentially, it is like karma's heal but harder to land.  It can be really good if you can get your team to not be stupid.   What lux does have going for her shield: at early levels, the reapplied shield can be good in small fights, due to most spells and attacks tearing through it, allowing the 2nd shield to be useful.  Late game, the shield instant drops both times, becoming nearly useless.
0	Where per se did you get drunk?  Not specifically where you went, but anything within drunk distance could be a place of interest for drunk you.  I read your other comment about not being much of a gambler (same :p), but would you have stuck with the pack, or could you have been a "oooooo what's that over there!?" kinda drunk?  If this went down at a place I was familiar with I'd be thinking what else was going on nearby that night and could drink me have stumbled over there...and could I in such an inebriated state make money somehow.   Then there's also the realistic possibility that your friends (as you were dancing with Mrs. friend, I assume you guys are somewhat tight) put it there just to see you torture yourself over wtf happened that night.  Like The Hangover.  Tell them you woke up with a couple hundred bucks and a sore ass, you won't ask questions if they don't tell you answers.
1	You find the most ridiculous people in any type of matches, blind or draft. In blind they insta lock and in draft, the rule is whoever types the fastest is the winner! To me that is as ridiculous as the people typing "First" every chance they get. If you insta lock a champion that is one dimensional, you are kind of a dick, imo.   If you absolutely want to play a specific champion or position, why not go to chat and look for a few other people who donâ€™t want to play mid at all. Or even, when you join a game, start by saying hello before you start spamming position and decide on more than one position or champion you are willing to play if you don't get your first pick.   Compromising isn't always a bad thing. Your team will have a much better chance of winning, and especially having fun, if you don't join a game so hard headed.
1	Building a lead and snowballing is COMPLETELY VIABLE, and is actually more so possible now than pre patch 3.14.   You dont gain less of an advantage when you kill an inhib, you gain the advantage you SHOULD have been getting all along.   Ward clearing can still be done very effeciently, just not as quickly, there IS a difference.   Not even going to touch this one... its been asked/explained to death.   Free wards because people in this game suck and its not the supports job to be a wardbot.   Having good map awareness is even MORE rewarding now that it was previously.   Riot isnt forcing a meta by fixing things that are inherently broken in their game.
1	This is a common problem, which is only solved my more jungling :P   Lee sin as a character is a little tricky compared to some others when doing ganks, there's so much in his kit it can be tricky to pick whats best. As far as when to gank etc, remember you will /always/ need to farm your jungle. If bot asks for help, do a wraiths/golems clear first if you have time, and if you know the lane won't pendulum back.   Also, if you see the jungler suddenly appear top, and you have the opportunity, go for a gank bottom (or maybe mid). This is normally your best chance at getting the bottom tower/dragon and taking control of the game.   In general, remember you're Lee Sin (The Blind Monk), and you can scare people by just running into their lane. If you're going past mid to your top/bottom jungle, run in, try and get a Q off, if you hit, Q again, maybe and E and a few auto attacks, generally make them mess themselves. 9 times out of 10 you can get 1/2 summoners blown on you, meaning you can go back and do it again.
1	Midlane matchups are overhyped imo.   The vast majority of them usually end up with both laners passive farming into teamfighting later or there being 3-4 man gank squads mid, so really, it's not like I'm expecting something major here to be honest.   The same thing happened in Worlds of seasons past. Sure, you'd get your occasional 1v1 duels like Cool v. Faker in S3, but the majority of any "flashiness" happened post-laning. Everyone expecting solo-kills like candy in laning phase between mid-laners isn't really going to get what they think they're going to see.   I'm pretty certain, in fact, that the only real discrepancy that's going to show is CS advantages, which even then, will likely probably be something minor within the realm of ~15 cs between laners.
1	I actually do consider this somewhat of a bug.   IRRC, as Rek'Sai using your burrow (w) puts your unburrow (w) on cd for a brief amount of time - this is mainly to prevent you from repeatedly knocking up a unit - however, you can still right click to auto-attack a champion while submerged with your unburrow skill on cd. The result is you becoming unburrowed to basic attack the champion and your burrow spell is placed on another brief cd. In other words, you never actually have to cast the ability (nor do you even need it available off cd) in order to unburrow, you only need to cast the ability in order to knockup and damage the enemies.
0	I'm actually glad you said that, because now I understand where the disconnect (or at least one of them) between our arguments lies.   >The fact is that vaccination does NOT stop you from carrying bacteria or viruses in your nose, throat, intestines, airway, skin, or in your body.   You're absolutely right about this!  Virus particles and bacteria can certainly be spread like any small particulate, particularly when they are aerosolized!  But [they only GROW and EXPAND when they are infecting a human host, and we have measurements of how many other people a single sickened person can infect for various diseases](   But let's be clear:   I never disagreed with the above point that we can carry germs on our clothes with our dirt.   You're constructing a strawman to knock down when you accuse me of that.   To be honest, those strawman fallacies are pretty easy to commit [when you copy and paste someone else's blog post]( and don't even bother to cite your sources.   You're also incorrect anyways.  [We actually know about:](   >the ability of conjugate vaccines to protect vaccinees not only against disease but also against nasal carriage, and hence infectiousness   The blog you took your quote from is specifically talking about the pertussis part of the TDaP vaccine.  [Even that argument, that acellular pertussis vaccines don't prevent the spread of whooping cough, is contentious](
1	There have been posts on forums by rioters stating she will not get nerfed, and if you look at her performance in high level tournaments (you don't have to I'm telling you right now) she generally does not fare as well as vayne or kog'maw who have a hard time laning against her but are infinitely more useful late game. These are more difficult champions to play though that I would not recommend getting into until you've mastered cait.
1	Blakinola has said he's going to do a series of
1	The balt tribes are indo-european. Estonians are not balts, although Estonia is classified a baltic state for geographic reasons. Lithuanians and Latvians are the only nations that come from balt tribes.   The balt history starts from [the corded ware culture]( These tribes came into the region and mixed with the local people. This way the baltic tribes were formed.   The Ural languages that are currently the most spoken are Estonian, Finnish and Hungarian. They are not related to Indo-European languages that are spoken in most of the remaining Europe.   The part that I mentioned about the same tribes is supposed to mean this: Suppose there exists tribe A. Half of this tribe splits off and moves to a different location. Together with the local people in the new place they form a new tribe B. Now, the remaining half reproduces and some time later moves out to yet another place that is near the previously moved guys, forming C. As C grows, they start taking over B's lands.   That last part waws from a tv show, and the historians in it spoke about this suggesting that there's a closer link between balts and slavs than between balts and other indo-european tribes.
1	I'm a diamond player on EUW, and my friends IRL are unfortunately silver or unranked players.   I invited them on a lan party for 5 days and we played normal games and arams.   You wouldn't believe the shit and harassment and anger I got for playing with my friends :   "Thanks for ruining our time and fun, go back to ranked"   "Diamond shouldn't be able to play in aram and normal wtf"   And so on, I wasn't even carrying the game or doing anything fancy (I was playing AP taric jungle for christ sake and alistar AP support for christ sake), but that's enough.
1	Personally, I think it's something like this:     C9   TSM/CLG   CLG/TSM   LMQ   DIG   COL   CRS   EG     With 2-4 probably being a toss up until week 8ish. It really depends on how agro LMQ plays, and how well the other teams can capitalize on it.   I'm also not really sure what to do with Dig. Their roster looks good on paper, but we'll have to see how it goes.   Also I have COL > CRS because Pr0lly is my favorite pro so that boots them 1 spot (they're also my draft team.....).   Honestly though, a lot of this split is going to come down to "What do the other teams do about LMQ," since they have that super agro chinese playstyle. That could easily make or break a lot of the games, we'll have to say.
0	It's probably your fault. Bad braking habits is what causes people to do this.   I am this passenger, but I only do it for two specific drivers. My wife and my brother.   My sister, best friend, and other friend don't get this from me. They know how to brake early and correctly, and they don't constantly "push" the people ahead of them.   If I am a passenger, and there is plenty of room in front and behind us, the three good drivers I mentioned always create as much space in front and behind us as they can. My wife and brother will proceed to push ahead and close the gap with the car in front. They might not ride right up on their ass, but they still unnecessarily get closer to a car despite there being plenty of room on the road.   The wife and brother also start to brake about 2 seconds after I have thought "they should be braking". The three good drivers brake at the same time or before I am thinking it.   Maybe I am being a shitty passenger, but I don't think so, being that there are plenty of drivers that don't make me brace at all.
1	Beginning rant/wall of text. You're assuming that that's how it should be, when as a person who has watched starcraft for years, I find TSM to be highly refreshing. I'm assuming that because of the way you've written your post, you're coming from a Starcraft background. In most interviews, they still take them seriously, but they have a huge sense of camaraderie. If you were watching game 2 of TSM vs. Black in the TSM TS stream, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. They were laughing, joking, teasing each other, and having a good time. I was laughing harder than I've laughed in a good long while from that feed. Listen in any other match, and they're dead serious. That's just how they work, and it's damn nice to have something refreshing. You could request they they go to tournaments with their eyes glazed over giving standard PR-safe responses so that people don't go contacting their sponsors (which was disgusting to say the least). Here's the thing about TSM: They aren't edgy, they're just fun.   You're talking as if this is the SC2 scene, where (not intending offense to team EG/TL), those teams got completely stomped by the Koreans due to the Koreans practice regiment. This isn't the same. Guess what? TSM just did a troll comp just now because they knew they were better. You could get all high and mighty like the drama lovers at /r/starcraft did about Naniwa's probe rush and stir up a shit storm, or you could sit back and listen to TSM's teamspeak feed and laugh along with them. It was great entertainment, and refreshing from the absolute stomp they dished out in the game prior.   The TSM vs Azubu games were very close, and TSM was neck and neck with them in gold to the end. They were taken by surprise by the early push tactic but were still controlling everything else well. This is due to the fact that the west has not had much exposure to this style/Azubu in general, while TSM has had full exposure for Azubu to study.   You can want your team to be professional and boring the way that the SC2 players are, but I'd take TSM over Azubu any day. Why? I've seen all of Aubu's names and still don't know any of them (except CptJacky simply for the the hype that the announcers/chaox were giving him).   Let me also put it you this way (somewhat Destiny style in terms of analytics):   SC2's numbers are failing. You can point to whatever metric you want, but LoL is crushing SC2 in terms of stream numbers. SC2 streamers are hard pressed to get more than 2k streamers, while TSM's members are averaging 10k-16k (depending on who it is). They're entertaining, good at the game, interact with their chat, play good music, and are just overall fun to view. More people tuned into to watch Oddone's standard stream than to watch the TSL4. That in itself was a huge wakeup call to me on how huge League has grown compared to SC2.   Look at the numbers for how big League of Legends' community has become compared to how SC2 is dwindling. You want to know part of the reason why? League is always changing, always evolving, constantly adding new content, and listens to its community actively. I'm working towards joining the games industry, and I would love to work at Riot. Why? They're driven by passion for their game and the community. You can say that about Blizzard all you want (though as of late, it seems even Blizzard's fans are getting angry with Blizzard with the advent of D3 and certain things leading up to HotS.   I even prefer watching League to watching SC2 nowadays. But, on the off chance that you aren't from the SC2 community (although your type of post reeks of /r/starcaft drama), I'll just say a couple of things. First: Azubu did not stomp TSM. They simply pushed a tower lead which countered TSM's long laning style. You could also say that 6 pooling a 15 hatch shows superior skill. Both statements make you look stupid. The biggest tell here will be how TSM handles the finals. Their attitude shows that they've both very confident and have something in store. Watch the finals and see.
0	_- thanks for the obvious advice.   I was simply stating why all these people were freaking out and "discouraging" this.  I don't personally give a fuck . Should I state that any clearer? (It's already been said in two posts below you, just making sure everyone see's it is a devil's advocate type situation I'm presenting, not my caring)
0	I went to see White House Down tonight and a similar thing happened right in front of me. The movie start time was 7:35 and I got there about 7:10 to get my seat and there was a handful of others already in the theater. When the previews started the theater was getting packed. People had to walk back and forth trying to find empty seats. So about 8:00, right before the movie starts, 2 ladies walk in and notice a couple sitting in the chairs in front of me but with a single seat available on either side of them. This couple had been there since before I got there and were dead center with the screen. The ladies ask if the couple would move over so they could sit together and the woman said something along the line of "no, we've been here for about an hour and are comfortable in our seats" I started laughing I thought it was great. Fuck people who wait to the last min to come in and have the audacity to ask someone to move. The best part was they had food and were wanting to share but didn't because they couldn't pass it over the couple.
1	Hey guys, I am attack, also known as iceattack on League, ex triple diamond 1 support on season 3, high dia1 season 4, (plat 3 right now, give me few days :P). I am a League supporter since season 1 and I am here to share some of my content.   I have 2 Youtube channels for you guys:   1.**[attackLeagueRundown]( - Channel dedicated to League, expect to see plays, fails and comedy to come, no regular upload schedule.   *[Here]( <- You can find my latest Rundown   2.**[attack gaming channel]( - My main channel - Gameplays, guides and all sorts of interesting stuff to be uploaded daily in 60fps.   *[Here]( <- You will find one of my most recent League games, duoqueing with a friend!
1	Alright, you got me there. I get riled up at suggestions that I saw would make the community worse. Yea, I shouldn't have called your opinion "fucking retarded", but I felt even more annoyed  when you patronized my responding comment, and later called me a troll.
0	It's true.  And even those who don't cut-back once diagnosed, they too will lose weight when the surgeons start removing body-parts that go gangrenous.   A lot of people (including diabetics, though mostly Type 2) don't realize that there are only so many types of insulin, and once they build up sufficient immunity to them all, it's essentially a battle of attrition, bodypart by bodypart.
0	STORYTIME, so 3 years ago was my first time smoking weed with a crazy buddy of mine and it was an awful experience, I hated it and didn't do it for a few months. Time passed and I asked my dad for something for school, he tells me to look in his drawer and I smell dank. So naturally I went back to investigate found the chronic, lighter, pipe and the best GB cap I've ever seen. Do I figured if the white man in my house can do it why not me? So I did it about 5 more times alone that year and then I had my first GB at a buddy's house the beginning of my junior year and my cannabis experience ha changed. That year I went from doing it every weekend to every day without my parents noticing. Then that February I was finally caught when I left stuff in my pocket when my mom washed clothes. I go home after school, have a talk with my dad and he was a complete asshole about it and threatened to "ruin me" if I told my mom because she didn't know through their 25 years of marriage. He eventually fessed up later that night and I still smoke daily and they don't know .
0	A woman's hips and butt are actually much wider than a man's, even if the man is a larger size.  As a 16 year old girl, my hips were wider than my uncle's, and I was much smaller than him.  I am positive my hips and ass are bigger than they were in high school.  My hips are wide, but my ass is pretty boring, so I'm positive that in a woman with a better butt, this effect would be amplified.
0	Ah, as a line cook you would think that. I was a line cook for 2yrs before moving to front of house, like you I hated when people came in late but then realized it sucks even more as the server. As a line cook you are pretty much going to leave at the same time, every shift. However, as a server when someone comes in 5 mins before close you have no idea whether they are going to camp for 2hrs, tip shitty or whatever. Thats what sucks about it. The unknowable. As a line cook once we have sent the food out that should be the last thing we have to wait on that is based on the customer. (unless they send it back, then fuck them)
0	Ok how is your comment not racist? Basically you are saying black people can only relate to other black people. And then you go on to talk about culture when you yourself say that all these shows have different settings in all spheres of life. Your "
0	Pineapples, like hedgehogs, are prickly.
0	Drop her. I've been friend zoned before and that's how you leave a friend zone. If she misses you and wants to hang out more be honest about your feeling (or do that before dropping her). She should understand why hanging just the two of you isn't happening or atleast she'll have a reason.
0	I do realize, sir, that companies have an outbound calling program in place to offer products. I make sure to understand the product I have bought. If I need assistance, don't call me, I'LL CALL YOU. I DO ASK, the 1st time, to be taken off the list and understand the time it takes for changes to be made/implemented.  You don't take calls, all day, from assholes like me because I don't call others and act like an asshole out of the blue. You leave people on hold all day because you are bad at your job and lack the skills/authority to help, and can't  deal with people. That's why you do what you do for a living, because you have no other marketable skill that will allow you to do anything other than pay your bills and MAYBE.... JUST FUCKING MAYBE get some groceries. Next time some degenerate mother fucking parasite from a company calls me, I will ask, nicely, if it's the first time, and say "I understand it might take some time to work through your system but I would appreciate it if you could put that in so the calls from your company stop." because that's what I have been doing. I have found, however, that the calls don't stop, because i'm dealing with degenerate mother fucking parasites, like you, who are assholes, more often than not, and don't care about the request I submit. But, thank you for nothing.
1	Just believe in TSM and C9. That's pretty much it. Do the Samsung teams outclass the NA teams? Yup. Does that mean TSM and C9 are garbage teams that could never beat them? No it doesn't.   They have a small chance. It may be small but it's still a chance. We have to cheer for our teams even if they are expected to lose.   If even the western fans don't wanna cheer for western teams, how are they supposed to be confident when facing off against Korean teams?
1	If you take teleport you forgo ignite/exaust/barrier/cleanse. A mid laner without ignite will have to play so much more cautiously as his kill potential is drastically lowered, you only see teleport on champs that focus on farming or are massive lane bully's like renekton for a reason. A good example is ryze taking teleport vs twisted fate, ryze doesn't have to worry about tf killing him so he can forgo ignite to take teleport so that he can follow him. If bot lane were to take teleport the opposing team can go incredibly aggressive and you can't stop them because they WILL win a fight vs you, they now have a exaust and barrier/cleanse over you and your teleport will mean nothing if they can pressure you hard and deny you huge farm. The same thing goes for revive, but if you can make it to late game you will win the game due to it, it's just very hard to do so
1	The worst thing about MIA/ss is: What would you rather watch out of the corner of your eye? The chat where you see an occasional ss or the minimap that constantly gives you highly strategic info?   I feel so degraded when our top laner doesn't ward or look at the minimap, and then dies saying: "Nice ss" (you can literally feel the irony dripping from these words)
0	My girlfriend of 5 years is in medical school.  She won't be a doctor for another year and a half, and as a resident in Canada she'll only make a fraction of what a regular doctor does for 4-5 more years.  Needless to say, it's expensive as 'shit raising'' a 'sugar momma' from a sugar girlfriend. Moreover, it's a very difficult road for her, and in turn me.  The late nights, the 14 hour study sessions, the pressure and competition.  It's all worth it for me because she's beautiful and awesome.  But don't try and date a Med student just for shits.  You'll waste your time, it's about putting yourself second behind practicing medicine which is really a way of life, and you could potentially fuck them over by messing with them emotionally during the most difficult years of their life(which I have seen in my girlfriend's friends once or twice).
0	I wouldn't let nipple size or shape keep me from what could be an awesome relationship. If she's your best friend, you better get your shit together before she's gone.
0	Since when is the US hiding successfull anti-terror operations ?   You don't hear about the poor blokes in gitmo, not because its a successfull anti-terror operation, but because this is pure facism.   Every successfull anti-terror operation would be used as 'look how dangerous our country still is, we need more military and more control'. And it would give credibility back to all of the hundreds of intelligence institutes the US is pounding billions in.   And i hear only about some successfull FBI sting operations, which is self-made terror. You always have a guy who runs amok. But thats a domestic issue, no terror-plot.
1	It's just a state of mind. I can understand  why  people get upset, but you just gotta remind yourself in those moments that it's just a game. If you fuck up, just say, "Damn. Well, I'll try to do better next time." or assess what you did wrong and how you can improve. Always take responsibility for your own actions and never blame others. And if a teammate is being dumb, offer small suggestions if you think it will genuinely help or just accept that you can't do anything about it and adjust accordingly. It takes practice, but after a while your perspective starts to shift and that becomes your natural behavior. Once you hit that point, you're golden. Because you stop stressing over what other people are doing and just focus on yourself, your performance, and your enjoyment of the game. And that might sound selfish in a team-centric game, but generally your own abilities will improve from it as well, and you'll be a better contribution to your team.
1	Think of it this way.  Sure, you could look at it as "their abilities get better when their bars are full".  But you could just as easily say "their abilities are not at full strength unless the bar is full."  I mean, look at their abilities, and then compare them to other abilities on similar folks.  Renekton's skills without rage are actually a bit substandard.  (His skills WITH rage are actually a little above average, but most of the time you use the substandard version.  The part that makes him work is that you have some control over when you want to use the awesome version.)   Good Renektons monitor their rage bar and will sometimes NOT CAST SPELLS because they need to save their rage for something.  (More lifesteal or longer stun, usually.)  Rumbles have to walk an even finer line, of keeping their heat high enough to get the full damage, but not so high that they self-silence themselves for 6 seconds.  (6 seconds is a LONG TIME)   I would argue that these champs are far more limited by their resource system than mundo or vlad or trynd are.  When I play Trynd, if an ability is off of cooldown, and I want to use it, I just push the button.  I don't have to think about anything else.  (sure it costs health, but it's so laughably small it might as well not even be there.)  I don't even think about it otherwise.  The only limiting factor is the cooldown.   On the other hand, when I play Renekton or Rumble, I often hold off on using abilities that I would like to use, so that I don't blow my rage/heat too early or on something I don't care about.
0	That's a great question to ask.  It's cool when you seek the answer.  No one can really understand the truth because we just don't have enough information.  But when someone says "I don't understand" I say "I understand it to be this, but that is just a theory of my belief."   I define "God" as "The Creator" and I don't believe it is an omnipotent being or anything like that.  I think of "Creator" as a simple cycle of creation/destruction.  Something created the matter that formed before the big bang.  By that creation being completed the next step was destruction.  BOOM Big Bang.  Then with destruction being completed it is creations turn now.  So far the universe has been on creation mode but we live in a universe that is based on creation, then destruction.   I believe when creation mode is over then the universe will then implode on itself and go back into a big ball only to explode into another big bang and start creation all over again.   So when I think of "God" I think of a tree growing only to give off fruit and leaves that then fall to the ground and get soaked back up as nutrients that feed the tree.  It's a cycle of life, and in those cycles I see "God".  I believe God is a metaphor for this process and that this process is a part of the universe.   So when I read in the Bible about how God is everything, I simply say, "Yep, everything is a form of creation and destruction."  I view the Bible as a bunch of fables about creation/destruction.  I believe Jesus wanted us to see this big picture and that once you gain understanding with what is around you then you are free from the hell of living in a world that you don't understand. (Saved in a way)  That's my belief, and doesn't have to be yours, some take the Bible literally, I take it as a tool to explaining what is around us.
0	So I decided to actually do the math on this. Call p the probability that any given time a person uses the toilet, they are pissing (assume this is the same across genders). The probability that a person needs the seat up is the probability that they are both pissing and male, so p/2.   Under the "Always leave the seat up after all flips," we have 2 flips when a man pisses, 0 at any other time; thus E[flips]=2Pr[man pissing]=p. Note that this is an expected 2p flips for the man, and 0 flips for the woman.   Under "Always leave the seat as it was last", we have 1 flip when the previous user and current user had different needs, i.e. when one was a pissing man and the other was not, or vice versa. Thus the expected value of flips is E[flips]=2Pr[pissing man]Pr[not pissing man]=2(p/2)(1-p/2)=p(1-p/2). This is less than p, so we see that this minimizes total expected flips. Moreover, the woman's expected flips are of course p since she flips iff the previous user was a pissing man, so the man's expected flips must be 2p(1-p/2)-p, which is, again, less than p.
0	Actually we are all Homo Sapien originated from Africa and some of us were mixed with Homo Neanderthalensis. The genetical difference is too low to speak of race.
1	I personally say Gg every game regardless unless I'm just absolutely  mortified by how I,myself, cost my team the game through stupidity then I'm just like "ugh not really a gg but wp enemy team, sorry team I lost this" if it's an afk I'll generally still say "gg" followed by a "sorry about the afk" and 99% of the time I'll compliment the person I laned against or if I saw some glaring huge match up mistake they make (i.e. A teemo never harassing me when I play nasus) I'll say "gg, want some advice on the match up?" And in no way am I attempting to be a dick or condescending to my opponents when I say this. Some people view it that way and I get it; there's no context or "emotional subtone" to words typed on a screen so you can't catch the auditorial tones that show someone's sincerity or someone douchebaggery through text. If they say "sure I give em what advice I can; if they say "no thanks" ok if they "gg ez get fking rekt m8 u wot?" Okay. I can't make anyone listen but I'll damn sure do my best to increase knowledge and expand what people know because they may very well be my team mate.
1	The problem is, it's an easy thing to make a client-side replay dump. It doesn't double the load on the servers, barely makes a fractional increase in the load on the servers. That's why dota 2 servers are so stable with replays for every game ever (within the past 2 months or so for non-pro games, but available to download for your own use in those 2 months).   The problem is that riot doesn't care. There are plenty of models that other games use that can fix essentially every single problem they can claim to excuse their laziness, they just honestly don't care to follow the example of better people. They can't even claim that they want originality for their game, since they've taken every champ's ability from original dota, with the barest minimum of changes to make it not illegal, while rebranding as "an entirely different game."
1	Yeah but I'm pretty sure they pay their CSGO team pretty well (Forest don't come cheap) so you can't just take money out of CSGO and put it into the LoL team. On top of that you need to think about how much money they poured into the LoL team with the belief of not only getting into the LCS but likely staying there for at least 2 splits.   Going back we have when they  bought  Lemondogs spot (Which they then lost).  Then they got the team of arguably the best players they could find (who would likely also not come cheap - Zoro, Mithy, Nuke etc.) because if they were cheap they would just go to the  much  better offer  IN THE LCS . Fast forward a bit and we have them pick up Alex and Freeze. I'm not sure about Freeze but I know the deal with Alex would have been pricey as they not only got the gaming house  and payed for an analyst who gets more than the players do  but they got Alex an apartment for him and his family.
0	I was at my boyfriends house once with him and his 14 yo sister playing playstation when his mum bursts in holding banana and chocolate flavour condoms. She yells "SAFE SEX" and proceeds in explaining how we should have safe sex. My bfs sister giggled in embarrassment and hid her face whilst my boyfriend says to me 'Your Face is SO red!" He too did this at a loss for anything better to say.   Was odd to say the least.
0	Saying that a geographic location is the reason for racial bias is almost as ignorant as the racism itself. Plain and simple Birmingham is growing at an extremely fast pace with more and more local businesses and a large DIY culture. It's easy to say that the Alabama is full of hicks /hobunks/hillbillies without having been here and experienced the hospitality and kindness of complete strangers. Bottom line I know that unlike sexual orientation racism is a choice, I grew up around my grandfather who was one of the backward-minded individuals fighting against civil rights, luckily I was able to make a choice to work on a person to person basis and form my opinions with character and actions considered.
1	I see the role now as a utility caster. Most supports have some silly stuns, slows, boosts, etc.   So I pick supports like nami still, but rather than playing every support the same, now I have an impact in fights, my damage is not comparable to vaynes sure, but Nami for example has a tremendous amount of slow and CC which can at times be MORE impactful than damage.   And now that slows and such scale with AP those spells become even more potent as time goes on
1	The goal with the penetration changes is to make them scale better into late game. With these changes, that early Brutalizer you picked up early doesn't become useless late game and actually synergizes well with Last Whisper if you want it.
0	Not to say that men are not held up to unrealistic standards, but the situation isn't the same.   We as men get a lot more of a pass for not meeting those standards. That isn't to say they don't cause mental harm. I have more than my fair share of body image issues, and while I've mostly gotten over my body dysmorphia, it does affect me sometimes. I have personal stake in how much value is placed on appearance in society, because it's one of the things that's caused me the most mental anguish in my life. However, we are shown in various forms of media that we are more than our looks. Yes, things are easier when you're conventionally attractive (which I also have firsthand experience with, having switched sides of the fence thanks to an unhealthy amount of exercise and a fortuitous puberty), but we do also have plenty of traits that are valued higher in men.   Those male characters you mention are not just attractive. They're also brave, resourceful, intelligent, etc. They're generally more fleshed-out, and their sexuality is not at the forefront of their imagery or characterization. And while I don't play enough video games to think of examples of this in that particular medium, in television and film, you see actors like Kevin James, Jonah Hill, and Seth Rogen with women generally considered to be far more attractive than them. This sends the message that they have traits that are more valuable than their looks. You'd never see that happen with Rebel Wilson or Melissa McCarthy, for example (unless it was played for laughs). Female characters are shown as being shallow if they don't see past the looks of those actors' characters, but it would not be shown the other way around.   I don't think Anita Sarkeesian was trying to say that men are never sexualized, but that women are never  not  sexualized, especially in video games. And hell, outside of media, how many criticisms of Hilary Clinton start with knocks on her looks or hair? How many interviews with women in politics and media revolve around their diets or what they wear instead of what work they've done? How many interviews with men do that?   The problem with the Men's Rights movement is not that it's trying to solve the issues men face. There are issues we face, and they should be solved. But the MRM tends to point fingers at the wrong people and act as though others' problems are either not real or not important.
1	I see what you're saying.  However, I would argue that your point actually solidifies what I am trying to say.  [Old Graph but shows the makeup of the League Community by rank.  The general trends hold true today](   Notice how the vast majority of the community is made up of Bronze and Silver Players.  Aka the 44% LB Win Rates is a number  MOST  representative of  bronze and silver  level of play.  So the question is: are LB players losing because the makeup of LB players are still learning mechanics? Or is it because LB is weak.   I think, the potential for LB is there.  Her ability to deal high levels of burst while being able to escape pressure makes her a  great  assassin.  However, I do not think she is the  best  assassin. But then again, not every champ can be the best champ.   What would be more useful information to me is: Win Rate w/LB in Bronze, Silver, Gold, etc. shown individually.
0	To truly flood the streets?   to have a majority of Americans, or at least a significant portion of them suddenly go out against all the subtle fences of domestication, all the social engineering, go out despite police forces, some of which are equipped with military vehicles and drones, and try to change things violently, or at least actively?   you've gotta take away their couches, internet, and cushioning. and you have to take these things away from a culture that is not only obsessed with, but for the most part strives for the further acquisition and enjoyment of these things.   needless to say this is incredibly difficult if not impossible.   in my understanding of it, the only real way that things are going to change are either through the creation of alternatives, the active mass use of a countermeasure, or some people lobbying to change them.   for the issues facing online privacy, these things would be, say, creating a new internet of sorts, one that is less vulnerable to government surveillance, if not impervious; the mass use of countermeasures in order to combat unlawful surveillance, as in everyone using vpns or tor as often as they use Reddit, for instance; or by people paying off enough politicians to try and change the current standings on this.   I'm not saying that i know exactly how the system works and that i speak from some position of education or credibility on the subject, but from what i do know- which is not much, to be fair- these are the only real outcomes as far as the prospects of American revolution are concerned.
0	Really though, the decent thing to do would have been to gone back to her place and then left just before sex, cause now she probably just picked someone else up, someone with less morals. Maybe they're diseased, and now she might pass that disease on to her boyfriend unknowingly, who then passes it on to HIS mistress, and maybe his mistress is your sister.
0	I look at fat people in the gym. If they whine, I usuallt think that they will probably stop working out soon.  If they put in the work, and look really tired, I gain instant respect. But I also do this with non fat people.
1	1) Jungle needs to be viable dmg espacially when you play udyr/shaco etc. this means you either gank and get a kill or you farm...  1a) When you play shaco get red buff and gank top/mid at lvl easy kill at this skill level 2) If you play jungle that doesnt mean you can have 20 cs in 20 mins... you need to farm do it by: a) jungling - yes it means kill creeps in your jungle and enemies if you can and you are aware off where the enemy is... take jungle timers on enemy buffs place wards at there red/blue and gank them b) helping top and mid... i mean when they need to go B and the lane is pushing to your turret go there and farm by last hitting NOT PUSHING but last hitting 3) 9k gold in a game is not the best score.... I play ranks mainly as support and my avg (lolbase.net) is 13.5k gold per game... You play jungle so you should have more gold then a support dont you agry?   Sorry for my other posts and the rage there... but your video quality is just bad and made me mad :)
0	AP classes are alright, but in general I think dual enrollment at a college/university is more beneficial.  You can get a lot more college credit that way, especially if it is a quarter system, and tuition is usually waived.  There are often scholarships available for books, too.  And spending a couple years in the college environment prior to graduating highschool/moving out does wonders for independence and adjusting to the university environment.   I had the option of taking AP classes in high school, but instead I did two years at community college.  Got about 80 credit hours, graduated high schoo, finished my AA over the summer at the community college, and transferred to University just using that college credit -- never even had to turn in high school transcripts, SAT scores, anything.
1	Issue happens when the window focus is not on the LoL window (like if you were browsing or something) and the game starts the loading screen.  If you keep the focus on the LoL before the game starts, no issue.
0	Totally unrelated. My samsung 65 inch DLP TV just had the light tunnel collapse so there is a giant vertical shadow on the left side of the screen.
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of any league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
1	Let's say I'm Platinum 1. I'm an ADC main with 1000 games as Jinx alone. I'm fifth pick, though and wind up forced into Jungle. I pick Rek, cause she's OP, right? Turns out the enemy Evelynn has 1000 games played as her and she kicks my ever loving ass. I constantly get counter jungled and her ganks are on point. I, on the other hand, hardly ever play Jungle and are more a hinderance than a help to my team cause I haven't jungled since silver. We get stomped. Does this prove Eve is a better jungler than J4? Hell no. Cause that player has a ton of practice with her and I didn't know what the hell I was doing.
0	I've always disagreed with this statement. I'm a simple guy that enjoys very very few things but ask me what i don't like and you got a list longer than a toilet paper roll.   I'm extremely negative and almost always stuck in a perpetual state of sadness and depression or neutrality of being unhappy with myself or anything i ever do/say, so finding someone who actually just wants to be with me makes me stop and think about them and all the shit they are willing to put up with from me just to be around me and it kinda makes me happy, happier then I could ever make myself on my own
1	Yup look at Lee sin.  His win rate is directly tied to the Elo of the person playing him.  Minus Challengers small player base and huge % influx day to day it pretty much goes straight up like an arrow from bronze - diamond.
1	Actually nearly every champ can deal with yorick. the secret lies in runes, masteries and items. i prefer Olaf and Riven against him. both have high hp regen from the get go. take 3 HP regen quints, 9/21/0 masteries (taking the hp regen and dmg reduction in the defense tree) and start with a regrowth pendant and pot. you have about 36 hp/5 at lvl 1. get boots and a doransshield or ruby next and trade happily with him. its important to not just take his harrass but to deal some harrass too. be aggressive and try to push him into his tower. he cant lasthit under tower very well. irelia and darius should work too. irelia has inate sustain and darius has high hp regen like olaf and riven hope i could help
1	If you go back and watch him Pre-C9, he was an absolute Beast on Pulse/ Dig's B-team. Best Draven NA behind like QTpie I guess.   I intentionally watch Sneaky a lot during team fights to see what makes him so good, and it's really what makes C9 so good. He's constantly shooting someone while maintaining good positioning. In addition, he's never afraid to get shots on higher priority targets, even if they're not as close.   What's that, Renekton with full armor build is in my face? Well, I have life-steal and won't take that much damage from him, I'm free to shoot the mid-line and then worry about that tank later. He does this so well and stays so safe, his KDA is insane.
1	I for one do not like this whole..well we do not want to force people into a Meta...when imo its perfectly fine for them to do this in ranked..   imo preferred role should be be an option (JUST FOR RANKED)..and the Role options should be voted on by lvl 30 summoners in the client Monthly..or two weeks after a major patch. The results from the votes would solidify the meta and allow for a much more smooth picking phase
0	The exact same happened to me, bro. Years ago, my mother took out a giant loan to help my sixteen-year-old brother start a lawn business. Of course, little brother has to help, too. I was promised good money, and the clients' checks showed it, too. However, expenses were always paid off before I got paid, which makes no sense at all if he had paid some random friend to help him out.
0	Please for the love of god don't bring it up.   Story time: It was sixth grade, my science teacher was my home room, and in home room, we were reading the house of the scorpion or something like that. It was about a clone outcast taking over the person he was cloned from's fortune.  I don't know how the topic was brought up, but the first sentence of the conversation was "now we all know that Santa isn't real, right?" The rest of that conversation was a blur. All I could think about was how my entire world was coming down around me.
0	It's a toss up, really. Sometimes a new face can have some fresh ideas that are actually pretty good. A lot of times I've seen someone within a different department/company/program come in with potential projects/policy implementations/SOP's they've learned in their previous experiences and end up making a positive difference on their team. It helps when they have a positive, take-charge yet humble attitude, and are willing to be told that they're ideas probably won't work without a little bit of tweaking, or have their ideas thrown out all together. The best ones are those who get their ideas shot down, revise them and then come back with something that will actually work.   It's a give and take situation, mostly. Veterans in a position need to be adaptable to changing workflow and strategies, and young bloods need to be just as adaptable. If you're new in a position, you have to prove yourself. You may have some great ideas but no one is going to listen to them unless they respect you and trust in your abilities in your position first.   Typically the first few months at an entry-level position aren't the best time to try and revolutionize the way a team of people do things. But, after you've had a feel of things, had a chance to get to know your coworkers and how they work and how your company works... well then the veterans might give a little more credence to your fancy new ideas.   There can be a great deal of hostility from someone who has an established position in a company and a new hire wants to change the way a job is done. It's threatening, and understandably so. However the worst thing a veteran employee can do is to not listen to the merits of new ideas. Ability to change and adaptability are key to any profession. Survival of the fittest and all that.   Another thing is that sometimes new ideas are shit. It's as simple as that. Either they've been tried before and haven't worked or the idea just hasn't been thought all the way through. It's best to let the newbies down easy on this one, no one likes to be told their ideas are complete shit. Often times I find myself giving a complete history lesson when it comes to shit ideas. Sometimes you have to in order to help people understand why their brilliant plan to revolutionize the entire telecommunications industry simply isn't going to work. Sometimes people don't handle this very well, but it's important that they understand why I'm shooting their idea down.   As a project manager/network engineer for a telecommunications company I see a lot of shit like this all the time. IT guys are some of the worst offenders, both the "young bloods" coming in thinking they can fuck shit up their way and the "veterans" being old stubborn asshats and totally missing the philosophy of technology which is change and adaptability.   Either way, the best philosophy in situations like this is to be humble, listen to other people's ideas (even if they're bad), give credit where it's due and be willing to try new and different things, even if they don't always work out.
1	u/Unidan (account deleted). He was a super contributing biologist redditor who helped a lot of people and animals during his active time. One time he got in a... disagreement with a girl about jackdaws vs crows (I think).   In the end he got a lot of  slack   flack  flak ^^^MAKE ^^^UP ^^^YOUR ^^^MIND ^^^/u/maddata ^^^;-) over this disagreement and at the end he got banned because he had some clone accounts which he used for vote manipulation: Get his own comments more upvotes, so they would be picked up easier by the great audience (all for the animals, I will believe) and downvoting people he didn't agree with.
1	I was 2-2 in my promos to get to Gold. I was super nervous and was just hoping to god maybe i can get mid, go my main Zed and just carry the game on my back.   Luckily, I get Zed mid and I was against a Kayle. Horrendous matchup but luckily our Warwick jungle decided to camp mid.   Top lane was Renekton vs Ryze with Renek on my team. He won hard  by going 4/1 by 15 minutes.   Bot lane was the most nerve racking part of that game. We had a Jinx as our AD Carry and an Urgot for support. We had 2 winnings lanes by 20 minutes with bot lane going slightly ahead! Jinx was 2-1-1 while Urgot was 1-1-2.   I was on a comfort pick so i didnt need to think much about my matchup or anything considering the amount of times i have done the Kayle v Zed matchup. I was 3-0 out of lane and could easily 1v1 Kayle even if she ulted them.   Around 25 minutes I make the call to get drag then group mid to get their inner turret. We proceed to do this and we get caught around their blue transitioning to mid. We go hard on their Kog'Maw and Lulu and in the end its me as Zed vs their Kayle. Im around 30% while Kayle is ~ 85%. I had a hexdrinker so i was deceptively tankier than she thought. I hadnt ulted anyone yet because i didnt need to. I go hard on Kayle hopefully creating massive outplay to go on to get our original objective, the mid inner turret.   I ulti onto kayle and ignite her immediately. I w into a bush to stop her from autoing me. I thene slow her and start autoing. By now she has popped my hexdrinker and is chunking me with her e autos. I am able to get 2 autos in, blade her, switch to my ulti shadow and my ulti goes off leaving her at less than 100 health. I had one shot to win the fight and snowball the game and she completely forgets i still have my w shadow in a bush. She walks into that bush and i snipe her with a shadowed shuriken and im 6-1 at this point.   In our last fight, Urgot's ultimate won us the fight because when we would go on their ad carry he would ulti kayle to deny her from casting her ulti thus getting us the pick we want and easily landsliding the fight.
1	I remember one of my promotion series (For Silver 3) was pretty intense. I had been an a winning streak going from 0 LP to promotion over the course of a couple days. I split the first two games but they were both extremely close. Ultimately, it all came down to the third and final game.   Everyone ended up getting the role they wanted and I go top with Irelia. The game started off as a disaster. People were dying even when the enemy jungle was nowhere to be seen. Every lane was losing and our jungler was scrambling to put out the fires and got caught/killed a couple times himself.   Eventually, we lose two towers and lose a team fight for dragon. The game goes on and we start to come back in a big way because we start catching them in their own jungle. After a tense war of lane pressure and counter warding, we force a team fight near baron and manage to break even. Up until then we were getting steam rolled so the momentum begins to shift.   After that baron fight we win the next two exchanges. We don't ace them but we do enough to take out 3 or 4 of them and push a tower. Soon (after some more skirmishes) we are ahead of them on towers and kills. It went from being around 15-23 to about 26-23. We see the enemy team running toward baron so our pings go off and we start racing there to respond to the threat. We wait in the bush and wait as long as we can before we're forced to engage them. We got aced.   Our Thresh, who had missed every hook I saw him attempt, was sitting at our fountain the whole time. We ask him if he had dc'd and he responds that he's not going to play anymore. We were confused. Nobody had raged at him, demanded him to do something, or even asked him to do anything. He explains that he's going to throw because we wouldn't listen to him during team fights.   My teammates start begging him to move, saying sorry even though none of us at any time (Yes, I went through the chat log to see if someone had said something to him. Couldn't find anything.) did anything worth apologizing for. I explain that I'm in series and he responds with "lol, that sucks". Needless to say we lost the game and I failed my promotion series.   I had similar luck on my last series but with a much better result. The first game of my most recent series our Lux inexplicably went AFK (not dc) 3 minutes into the game. He came back at 13 minutes into the game (Pretty much lost at that point) and said "Lol, it doesn't matter. This is my first offense. Go ahead and report me."   Then the Lux, with no fear of punishment, went on and started intentionally feeding the enemy team, all the while telling the other team in all chat to report him. Needless to say we lost the game about 17 minutes in. The worst part about it was that this was the final game of our Blitzcrank's promotional series.   I think something needs to be done about this. People work hard during their series and it's very discouraging when they lose because of this type of stuff.   EDIT:
0	This is known as CSS reflow. It happens when someone doesn't specify the exact height and width for something in a website, and when the website loads it, it can sometimes turn out to be bigger than the browser allocated space for, so it makes the website "shift around" quite a bit as it tries to make room for it.
0	I've been driving a manual for years and I have always rolled backwards when starting on a hill. Its absurd to believe someone can move from the brake to the accelerator fast enough to prevent the car from rolling. Especially on my Mustang where everything is mechanical and old and it takes a certain finesse to quickly and accurately come up to revs and let the clutch out without over or under doing it. Using the handbrake is unnecessary and attempts to fix something that isn't a problem in the first place.
0	A 17 year old girl from around Houston, TX went to court over excessive truancy. According to official records, she missed 10 days in 6 months. Because she's 17 and this is Texas, she was tried as an adult, and the judge pictured above, Lanny Moriarty, fined her for $100 and sentenced her to 24 hours in jail.   The reason people are upset is because of  why  she missed school: her parents had a fight and her mom left, so she took on 2 jobs (full-time at the dry cleaners, part-time for a wedding planner), to help support herself and her two siblings. Despite all of that, she's still an honor student, which shows that she is gets school, she just doesn't always get  to  school.   The scumbaggery comes from Judge Moriarty's reaction to people's outrage. He told news reporters he was making an example of her, because supposedly, "If you let one run loose, what are you going to do with the rest of them? Let them go, too?" [source](
0	Look, guys. Don't blame the sound editors, it's no their fault. A good sound editor will do mixes for surround sound and for stereo (the speakers on your TV). The problem here is that you are not receiving the correct mix. Either the network is only broadcasting the 5.1 or 7.1 mix, or your TV is set to play the surround mix, while only having a left and right speaker.
1	This problem can only be addressed by playing more and more. From what I've read, you're a bit too nervous when it comes to normals. Try to chill for a bit and play with friends, and if you don't have friends play TT or Dominion and HAVE FUN (No diss towards Dominion and TT players). Also, just a selfish advice: don't play soloqueue until you get rid of that mindset, you'd just be hurting your own rating and wasting other people's time. It's a great thing for a player to know when you did something right or when you did something wrong; you can (and should) congratulate yourself when you turn a gank into a double kill, and, at the very least notice when you fucked up.
1	By the way... just for your future references... Reports do matter and can lead to bans, even without the Tribunal.  It's actually easier to get punished now than it was when the Tribunal was around due to the system being automated.  At the moment, a punish is handed out based on the amount of reports someone hands out (and if your report is found legitimate, your report starts to carry a little more weight... I believe that Riot Lyte mentioned that in a Reddit post at some point).
1	Well, meta depends on the continent, so you won't see the main god-tier champion selected on eu/na, and you won't see the same bans. What's more, most teamcomps revolve around2 to 3 champions being picked first, and then categories of champion that fits well with them.  That's why you can see many gank junglers on NA : becaue they allow some control during laning phase, which is crucial for the late-game comps most teams run.  On EU though, you can see some more control-oriented champions, like lee/shyv for m5 (they mostly counter jungle and counter gank); or cho'gath for objective control/counter gank too.  I think the only lane where we see very common champs is bot, with ez/corki/graves + an offensive support when they want to swap.  Top/mid you see lots of vlads and yorick on every server, because they are strong picks that fit well in mot comps (If you remember, some time ago m5 ran mostly yorick, even if he didn't really fit their comp with a gragas mid and ez bot).  I think there's a god-tier of maybe 5 to 10 champions per role (bot lane counting as 1 role), so one third of lol's champs would go in this list, and others would still fit the meta but are more niche (like jarvan or viktor, being played by asian teams, or sivir by clg.na, etc).  I'd like to discuss the ideas behind teamcomps though just because I love thinking :)
0	You make a very good point. One I happen to agree with a great deal.   However, just because you don't let a venomous snake bite you doesn't mean that you hold a grudge against it.   I am not going to go into the details however I will tell you that I did not hate him. In many ways I felt sorry him and the life he had chosen for himself. I could see that his choices were a continuation of the choices his father (my grandfather) had made.   I also knew that any continued involvement in each-others lives would, by default, cause a higher level of pain and destruction than a lack of involvement would. I would also be at a much higher risk of continuing down the path that my father and his father had apparently set for me. I chose to break the cycle. It was not an easy choice for someone my age (or any age) to make.
0	So here's the story:   I was with this one girl (Rachel) for a little while and we broke up because we never got to see each other. I started liking this other girl (Pam), but never got very far with it. Rachel started flirting with me (or at least I thought so) and I still had feelings for her so I was going to ask her if she wanted to get back together with me. Then yesterday (when I was going to ask Rachel if she wanted to get back together) I saw Rachel and Pam kiss. I knew Rachel was bi and I thought Pam was bi, but out of all the people they had to date each other.
1	I'm a huge fan of the little bits of lore that was put into the new TT map. I didn't really follow tJoJ because the amount of text really put me off to it (sorry!). But! I always love whenever there's a new champion and there's a little comic that gets released prior to the champion.   Basically, I would LOVE to see some type of comic series that help with the lore. Even if it's just a couple of panels that come out every so often.. (I'm particularly interested in the Shadow Isles lore and the story between Leona and Diana and what could potentially happen between them)
1	Highjacking top comment to post this.   I'm still a Comp Sci student, and I'm a lot stronger with developing for web applications (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, and the like which require robust databases and behind the scenes data processing) than with desktop or mobile applications, but there's probably someone out there who knows a lot more about what I'm saying. However, one of the topics that consistently pops up for programming for the web, besides usability and responsiveness, is security.   For a while now, MD5 has been known to have some serious design flaws, most quickly summarized [here on Wikipedia]( In short, MD5's biggest vulnerability is that there are multiple inputs which end up with the same output after going through the MD5 hashing algorithm, which defeats the purpose of using a hashing algorithm in the first place: to verify that the user, indeed, is who he says he is, and not a hacker or someone that the user did  not  authorize access to the account.   In addition, there have been huge security breaches regarding passwords, most notably from social gaming developer  RockYou's database hack in 2010 . This greatly narrowed down the number of passwords that hackers have to attempt because, after they analyze the data, they can figure out which passwords are most likely to be used, and guess based off probability FIRST, then brute force.   The end result? With a few tools and some scripts, [even people with little computing experience can crack passwords](   Now, since 2004, when these vulnerabilities in MD5 were first discovered, there has been a slow but steady movement towards other hashing algorithms, such as SHA2 and bcrypt, which have now been widely adopted by the web development community.   However, since having a more secure cryptographic hashing algorithm also tends to slow down your hardware, because it needs to do more calculations, the adoption hasn't been universal; in other words, it's often tempting to use MD5 because your server or software will be more responsive when you don't have to wait as long for your computer/server to calculate the MD5 hash as you would if you used a more secure algorithm like SHA2.   So why hasn't everyone switched to these new, more secure cryptographic hashing algorithms? Well there's a couple reasons:     More secure hashing algorithms have a lot more steps and calculations to make, mostly to make brute force attacks more costly in terms of resources and time. This, however, can slow down a computer or increase page load times (because the server's doing those calculations). Not a big deal, you say? According to  this article  due to slow page loads.     Laziness/small companies. When writing for a customer base that is perceived as small, or on a product or web service that needs to be prototyped rapidly or tested often, developers tend to default to the quickest hashing algorithm available (in this case, MD5). In the former case, they don't expect to see hackers, and in the latter, it's usually because they don't want long page load times and want to know if their software/application holds up under stress ASAP.       &nbsp;
1	Just ignore the people that post things like this. The "is it that time of the week again" posts were funny maybe the first 257 times. :P   It's definitely been suggested before and it's easy to want it as very visible competitors (dota 2) have features like this currently in their game. But it's fine to post about it. It would be an awesome feature and guaranteed people will find this thread that have never seen/thought about the idea before and most who have seen/thought about it will avoid it and not even click on the thread.   But, just to say it... the search function is definitely a little underused on reddit. No prob though.
1	4 AP is kinda useless compared to 3 AD.     Masteries should be used for early game, but you don't have all your skills until lvl 3-4. However, you can always Auto Attack and use the extra damage.     Generally Casters have an AP converse ratio of 75% per skill. Which means 4 AP adds about 2-3 damage to your abilities and unless you are hitting a two skill combo you get more damage from an AA.     For a Mage to use the additional AP they have to cast a spell which cost mana, which in the early/laning phase you should be managing, but you can always Autoattack.
0	This will probably get buried but I went through a phase of this after a 3 month spell of doing University work and gaming, resulting in little social interaction. After it all, I didn't really have anything to talk about since I'd not done anything else. Previous to that I was a fully functioning social human being.   The solution that I came across was once when I was talking to someone and realised I wasn't really listening to what they were saying, I was more thinking about what I should say and how I don't actually have an opinion. I think this, as well as having the variance and regular interaction coaxed me back into it being natural.   If you focus and actually  listen  intently everything just falls into place. Don't focus on focusing, just listen to their words and respond accordingly and predictably. No need to think your respond needs to be super cool and respond to a 'how was your day?' with 'It was fucking absolutely marvellous if I do say so myself'.
0	Speaking for petty and misdemeanor class. The first court date is a hearing. It good to dress properly, but will have almost no affect on what will happen that day. The judge don't want to hear your excuses. You admit guilt or don't and get a trial date/bargain with DA. I find it pointless to dress up because the impression does shit. The outcome is the same as you dress up or not. So, fuck the extra work.   The trial date is where you want to suit up. This is where you actually defend your case and make any difference.   The issue with people showing up on their hearing date is not because they don't dress up. It's because they have no clue what the heck they're doing. The majority of these people will go and admit guilt without realizing it.   I went to my hearing date for a speeding ticket for going 30mph plus over the speed limit. Plus court fee, I have the biggest fine out of everyone. Went up to the judge, he confirmed what I was there for. I told him I don't admit guilt, even though that is the truth. The court don't want to deal with us asshole clogging up the system and wasting tax money. I got my offense amended to going 9pmh over with the DA.
1	Try reinstalling the client and just letting it sit for as long as it has to. If it keeps dropping to zero, go into options and select repair. I know how bad this issue is, I spent a day waiting for League to reinstall after getting my comp fixed recently, but it's definitely worth giving it the time.
1	Elder Lizard vs Spectral Wraith on Eve   Spirit of the Spectral Wraith   +50-80 AP, 10% CDR.  Jungle income/spirit drain passive.   50-80 AP adds 22.5 (23) - 36 damage per Hate Spike (45% AP scaling) and 50-80 damage to Ravage (100% AP scaling).  Agony's Embrace scales pretty poorly with AP (1% current health per 100 AP), and the shield is capped so you can't build full AP to get a ridiculous shield.   Spirit of the Elder Lizard   +30 AD, 10% CDR, true damage burn passive.  Jungle income/spirit drain passive.   30 AD adds 15 damage to each Hate Spike (50% bonus AD scaling) and 30 damage to Ravage (100% bonus AD scaling).   Effects on DPS   This is assuming 10% CDR from the items   Spectral Wraith Hate Spike Additional DPS - 23/(.9 x 1.5)=17.03  (17)  , 36/(.9 x 1.5)=26.67  (27)   Spectral Wraith Ravage Additional DPS - 50/(.9 x 9)=6.17  (6)  , 80/(.9 x 9)=9.87  (10)   Spectral Wraith Additional (ability) DPS - 23 to 37   I am ignoring Agony's Embrace due to it's poor scaling, one-use nature (you definitely won't get to use it more than once a fight), and the fact it deals %current health damage.   Elder Lizard Hate Spike Additional DPS - 15/(.9 x 1.5)=11.11  (11)   Elder Lizard Ravage Additional DPS - 30/(.9 x 9)=3.7  (4)   Elder Lizard Additional (ability) DPS - 15   Obviously, Elder Lizard will add 30 damage to each AA.  It's safe to assume that Evelynn won't be able to stand around and wail on an enemy champ.   HOWEVER, Evelynn just needs an ASPD of .27 to break even with the DPS of Spectral Wraith at 0 stacks (she only needs to make up for 8 DPS).  That's one attack every  3.7  seconds.  I think that's pretty easy to accomplish, given her ability to stick to champs.   At full stacks, she needs to have an ASPD of .73 to break even.  That's one attack every  1.4  seconds, which is still fairly easy.  Also, this is completely ignoring the burn passive (14+2*level true damage over 3 seconds... so 5 to 17 DPS).   Of course, this is ignoring the target's armor MR.  However, AD Eve will deal a lot of mixed damage since her Hate Spikes will still deal magic damage.  Unless every enemy stacks armor, Elder Lizard is better for DPS.   Also, it's important to remember that this is Eve's first item and she'll probably get it before they start stacking armor AND she'll be doing basically all her ganking without full stacks of Spectral Wraith .  Even if you're CDR capped with max stacks, Elder Lizard will still outperform Spectral Wraith as long as you have an ASPD of 1.
1	I personally do not mind the changes except for the removal of his stealth from his ult.   I'm sure having his Q base damage nerfed was irritating to some, as much as I loved insta gibbing champs, it was really overpowered. I think this will be a nice balance. I don't mind Bola strike being a skills got because it makes sense if his role is a predatory hunter thriving off his skill and ability to takedown all foes. SKILL. It's what makes this game fun too. :D   Now the only issue I have with his ult is that now he is targetable. Idk how well the movement speed buff will compensate for this buff I know for a fact that not being targetable made for very fun play, counters, and mind games with the other team. This made Rengar so fun to me. You feel like a predator. A legit bad ass mother fry king lion with blades and one eye. This made him so cool, as many of you will agree. For one it will make him feel much less awesome, and Rengar-ish. This will significantly reduce his escapes and surprise attacks/initiation. If this stealth removal actually goes through I will honestly be very sad for my bro Rengar. This cat is my homie. I want his damn stealth. I don't care about the other changes, it makes sense and balances a bit more.   That's my two sense
1	I think you are missing the point.  Yes mages can burst, and that's okay.  Alot of mage burst is single target, some AOE but unless fed or heavily farmed it doesnt 0-100 the ENTIRE enemy team.   I issue is ONE kill or assist AND BOOM, another full rotation of none ultimate abilities. That's like LB getting a reset on QWE (of course no mana cost) everytime she got a kill or assist.   Sure there is risk in going in melee, but when you do 1k+ damage in 2 seconds or less (most cc doesn't even travel that fast) then shit is broken.  Like I said, she is feast of famine, and getting to the feast point doesn't take some high skill.  (lol at guy who got a quad by LITERALLY hitting his face on the keyboard).  Yet Kat players pretend she is some hard to snowball champ.
1	Because Rango Jungle has been a topic of discussion lately, I'm going to re-post a thought I had earlier in regards to why the pick isn't having success in NA:   I think the reason that NA teams seem to constantly fail on Rango while Korea has had a ton of success comes down to a basic understanding of the champion. Unlike many of the other top jungle picks this split, Rengar is not an autonomous aggression machine. His success is very dependent on his team mates and their ability to A. Win lane on their own so that there is a lot of pick potential both in lane and in the early part of the Mid game. B. Play safe enough to prevent the opposing Jungler from getting ahead of Rengar and reducing his effectiveness. Time and time again in NA, the Rengar pick is often a round peg into a square hole, the comps either don't fit him or he doesn't fit the comp. Look at the last game, LMQ v TSM:   LMQ   Ackerman Lulu 1 1-1-11   NoName Nunu 3 1-1-11   XiaoWeiXiao Yasuo 2 3-1-8   Vasilii Tristana 3 10-0-4   Mor Nami 2 0-3-13   TSM   Dyrus Irelia 2 0-5-2   Amazing Rengar 1 1-2-2   Bjergsen Zilean 3 4-2-2   WildTurtle KogMaw 1 1-3-3   Lustboy Alistar 2 0-3-6   Amazing got completely shut down by Noname's Nunu, a pick which TSM already knows is in his back pocket, as it's been played under similar circumstances with effectiveness in the past. TSM's lanes were nothing special. While Dyrus did perform admirably in the early game, the natural progression of a Lulu v Irelia lane is in favor of Lulu. Yasuo is an effective counter to both in lane and mid game Bola Strikes, and has a relative damage and scaling advantage over Zilean. Tristana/Nami is a very strong and bully oriented lane, while you have Kog/Ali hoping to scale up and participate in teamfights. Rengar is not meant for this team, he lacks disengage and doesn't have enough tools around him to be effective in ganking or in the mid game.   A Rengar pick is a situation-oriented pick in order to provide your STRONG LANERS with a ton of information and allow them to rotate without fear of being picked.   Rengar should not be picked under these circumstances, or at least TSM should structure their team in a way that he can be effective. Based on the current bans and LMQ picks, here is how I would have structured a team around Rengar if I was insistent on picking him. Top: Mundo, Ryze, Irelia. Choices are limited here because of bans. Dyrus's pick was probably the least bad given his ban situation (Lulu, Gragas both picked/banned)   Mid: Orianna, Twisted Fate, Ahri. The invisible ball delivery system is well known, but very difficult to pull off; Given Bjerg's previously demonstrated proficiency on the champion, I would have gone for TF in this situation given the safety of LMQ's bot lane (Trist/Nami is one of the most difficult lanes to play against IMO) and used Destiny and Gold Cards as my primary initiation tool in order to set Rengar up, a Zhonya's rush is necessary.   Bot Lane: Kog is about as good a pick against Tristana as you're gonna get, Corki can play the lane a bit more agressively but scaling quickly becomes a concern as Tristana's range and attack speed make her a machine gun as soon as the 3rd item. I did not agree with the Alistar pick and would have gone with a more high impact support such as Morgana (especially considering Tidal Wave and Bubbles from Nami) or Thresh, in order to force LMQ's bot lane to respect the Hook/Lantern combo and play the lane more conservatively. Korean teams ALWAYS set Rengar up with strong/winning lanes and a ton of catch potential. Korean teams LOVE TF/Rengar as the vision control from these two ultimates is second to none. Rengar is a reverse Nocturne, he provides vision while Noct denies your enemy's. Teams are trying to play him like Lee Sin or Evelynn, and until they adapt their overall team play style the put Rengar in a position to succeed, he will be viewed as a frustrating/unsuccessful pick for the NA region.
0	Yea we have a tenant in our small building who turned her 1br/1ba into a druggie motel for her model and musician friends. As far as I know I think she had as many as 5 people total in that tiny places and they destroyed the apt. She actually moved out because of how disgusting it was and started subletting to them. Within the next few months she ran out of money and got evicted. She was even at one point tried to clean the shithole up and put it on airbnb to finance the rent controlled price of that apt, the cheap rent of her other dump, and her car payment. That sure didn't work.
1	If the games against VES mattered for the other teams, wouldn't them fucking around be brought into question as them "throwing"? The same way where if C9 just threw all of their games just to have fun, it would allow TSM/CLG/whoever to get a free win, and get them a spot they were gifted because of when they play each other in the season. This happens in all sports, but I am not so sure I would be praising VES, even though they just happen to be the team in this scenario and hold nothing against them as a team.
1	It isn't that writing down a time takes no skill, it is that formerly lots of people didn't, and it gave those of us that did an advantage. But not that is gone. Timers are a different conversation, that is my bad for bringing them up. Sorry!   Well, minimize risk, do have really good dueling/skirmising, strong ganks, good clear, and strong mid game (but admittedly do fall off late, although the new Wraith double magic pen build for Elise does a lot better late)   Like I said, they are considered the "best" junglers in pro play and in soloq for a reason, and you gave me more examples to validate that.   Your example about the Voli vs Elise/Lee is tottaly valid and I agree with you, however it does rely on the fact that Volibear sees them first. If Elise or Lee is waiting in a bush for Voli it is hard for Voli to fight back after the point blank skill shots have already landed.
0	By the time my SECOND lease was up I was ready to move back in with my parents. This guy used my Stereo cabinet as a bottle opener, left stuff in the sink until they grew mold, bring girls with kids over, and I had to share a bathroom with that guy because it was "cheaper". We worked at the same place and our boss gave us the same days off sometimes. Anybody younger than 23 reading this, IMO it is better to be paying for a car than paying for an apartment and it is hell trying to do both.
1	Anecdote of the exact experience this guy is describing: I'm Yorick top, against Nunu. First couple minutes go well for me because I'm QWEWQWEQWE Yorick. Then the yeti gets two ganks on me (through lane) and it all snowballs (haha!) out of control because an ice blast is chunking me for 1/3 of my HP. What turned it around was the realization that I was going to get stomped if I dragged out the laning phase, so I asked my team to group up and start roam-pushing. We ended up winning because all I did was peel for my ADC and ult my Katarina and allow her to recklessly ult anywhere she damn well pleased.
0	pfft. That's fucking easy. Hold my beer...   There you are with your own business. A cute, super attractive girl comes in for a job. She sucks at it and isn't really interested in you and you somehow resist hitting on her and try to give her tasks she can do because she really tries. One night 3 guys come into your business and kill her and then shoot you. You survive, but find that you now have super powers. You find the 3 people that killed you and you kill them with your new found powers. You question why you have these new powers and go to libraries to figure it out. On your way back home you see that girl out of the corner of your eye. Your follow her and eventually confront her. She didn't die either! It turns out she's a witch. You were going to die in the hospital that night, so she used her powers to save you and it gave you power. So you and her end up becoming closer friends who fight crime together. Eventually you become more than friends and one night you two are finally ready to make love in the sky (because you can both fucking fly). The two of you are going at it fast and hard and then you wake up from your coma only to find yourself paralyzed from the waist up getting jerked off and fucked by a big fat and hair male nurse. The girl is really dead and you never got any super powers. You ejaculate all over the male nurse as ejaculates inside you and this is your life now.
1	Why are some people in ITT trying to say shes balanced in solo queue? Shes not. I'm currently Plat and permaban her and when shes unbanned its a nightmare.   To put it into perspective, I main mid, I one trick pony Lux, Kat is the ONLY mid laner I will not play my main against and will counterpick with malzahar. Its not because of her laning phase, its not because of how easy she is,   Its because if you do not have her pinned to turret and are not constantly solo killing her in lane(Which Malz is great at btw) she WILL get a triple kill at SOME POINT and carry the game.   "just push her to turret" I've seen so many Kats just give up 2 waves of CS at their turret just to go kill bot lane, and taking turret for that isn't really worth because its KAT with those 2 kills. I think every mid laner, from Bronze to Diamond has experienced seeing the enemy mid leaving towards bot while you are shopping or so, walking over 3 wards, all while you spam ping bot to back until the game doesn't let you anymore. Your team still not listening. And then the enemy mid gets a triple. Kat is the only mid that turns that single triple into winning the game 100% of the time.   And the problem with her is due to her resets she doesn't even need to do remotely well in lane. She can get thrashed in lane and go 0/5 and have half your CS she just needs ONE person on her team that is doing well enough to get people low once fights start, then BAM theres a free quadra for her.
1	The constant "coded as minions" reference is a joke that is actually coming from j4 ult (and other champ created terrain) actually being coded from minions.   People dont realize that coding stuff from minions isnt really bad, and is more just J4'ult being buggy for whatever reason. (whole wall coded as minions works fine for trundle and anivia)
1	1) Viewers have full view vision  2) Viewers 'react' faster because the scenario is built in their heads with almost 100% accuracy before any fight begins and what to expect.  3) Viewers do not need to distribute their concentration to listen to team communication, make communication, predict things beyond the fog of war, control their own heroes with mouse and keyboard and coordinate with the caller's calls.
1	Sorry to pop your bubble, but you are wrong totally.   When you have the hidden mmr bigger than the division you are in, you win more LP, and you lose less, than when your mmr is equal to the one of your division.   If you are in your level, you should win, aprox., 50% of the games.   Therefore, there are 3 options:     1.- You win more than 50%:  then your actual level is bigger than the one your hidden mmr shows, you will earn mmr and LP fast.     2.- You win aprox 50% of your games:  then your mmr shows your actual level; if it is superior than the one in your league, you will go up because the increased LP gain and decreased LP loss; so your division will eventually match your actual level. (The same applies to the opposite, your mmr = your lvl < your division; you will have increased LP loss, decreased gain).     3.- You win less than 50% of your games:  Your actual level is worse than the one your mmr shows, you will be paired with people better than you, so you will lose mmr and LP faster.       Conclusion (and
0	Secular humanism is legally a religion. That's how it's a religion. It is technically a community of like-minded individuals with the betterment of mankind as an end goal. It doesn't require one be atheist to be humanist though generally (if not 100%) it is populated by atheists and agnostics.
0	Speaking about what companies do and don't want as if they are one giant collective isn't very logical.  Some do care, some don't care.  In my personal experience my passion/"extracurricular education" has in one way or another gotten me into most of my jobs...which is good for me, cause I like working in environments that value passion.
1	Talon is a very effective anti-assassin mid lane. He has a great all in on other high burst damage midlaners as his targeted silence leaves him a good window to put in damage and his slow means the target will have to blow some form of jump or dash rather than risking even greater damage. This makes him a great against champions like Zed and Kassadin. The main reason why he was not picked into these champions when they were more popular is that those champions could move around that map more effectively and have much better escape potential. This was also in a time period of champions like Ahri who were not guaranteed wins for Talon.   Talon does fall pray to extended fighting based champions like Soraka and Yasuo... whose Wind Wall also completely stops Talon's ultimate   Talon is also slow to roam being that he only has a targeted jump and his only movement speed boost is on his ultimate, which is a large portion of his damage. Talon also falls to some heavy shove champions like Ziggs and Lulu who do to their CC have a large window to lay damage down after Talon goes in on them as well as force him to farm under tower where he will need to use his mana to last hit well at early levels.
0	You may be an exception though.  Think about it: the people who work for insurance companies have to make money somewhere if not just to cover expenses.  That means that you may have a lifetime limit on medical costs, you may have a super high deductible that is really difficult to meet, and others may be supporting you through much higher monthly payments because they aren't in ultra good health to begin with meaning they go to the doctor more than once a year.  Insurance companies aren't welfare, if that's anyone's job it's the government's.   It's ironic that you imply that insurance companies are essentially handing out money when your original complaint was that Europeans think their healthcare is free.
1	If you don't want to spend a few minutes to read it don't just read the last paragraph then.
1	I support, i love being able to make the plays for the team. I main Sona and Leona as my supports and have loads of fun making plays and getting my adc's fat as hell. I find it a very rewarding role even if you don't get a lot of thanks. It's also a role where in low elo (silver 4) where you can carry the game with shutting down their adc and making their support almost useless in some games. I feel like s4 was going to hurt supports a lot but it has become even more fun going full tank Leona or Taric and being able to 2v1 and your team come into the fight 20 seconds later with you still alive and them to pick up the kills. Or playing full ap sona with a bit of utlity and being almost a second ap carry being able to ult and sometimes if you shut down the adc being able to 1v1 them but even 1 shot them with a q then power cord. I don't know why i picked it up partly that no one wants to play it in a lot of games but also that is a really deep role and you are so important to your team winning.
1	it doesnt do as much damage, only useful until late game, early/midgame damage is abysmal, he wont get any MS increasing items so hes slow as hell, and without W you do very little damage especially when compared to  AD. And no life steal means you squishyier than you already were and have no sustain,   Not to mention where do you put him? hes doing a lot of magic in the on hit build. So he cant really fill a AD bot spot unless you have a talon mid.
0	Note, I'm not in HR and am simply posting this to present a possible view from the other side of the fence...   If I was in HR, comparing 200 applications and someone did not follow the application process my company outlined, I'd be forced to make conclusions based on the little information I have at hand.   For starters, I just need to find someone right for the job. This positions with many applicants are typically not a of great responsibility where we need  the perfect  match. Therefore, if 30% of the applicants fail some simple criteria I'd just start looking at the other 70%.   One of these criteria is being able to compare applicants to each other. "Resume already uploaded" does not really compare well to "1 year experiance with Foo" or "Little experience, but desire to learn".   Of course, if no-one seemed to match in the 70% I'll look at the rest.   But what will I initially think of the "resume already uploaded" fields ? 1) The applicant thinkgs his/her time is way more important than mine.   2) The applicant will not do what is asked of him. (I dont want mindless drones; but I do not want people deciding to do other than told without them possibly knowing  why  they were told to that in the first place)   3) The applicant might be lazy as fuck   4) The applicant might simply be fed up with applying for 2000 jobs, and filling all the same fields all over. Tough-fucking-luck. I'm here to fill  this  position, and I cannot possible care about the 1999 other jobs you applied for. If I did that, I'd never get this position filled.
0	We have honors classes here in NY, like other schools. If you do honors math in 8th grade, you're essentially taking 9th grade math and get the high school credit for it if you pass. In 9th grade, you take 10th grade math. In 10th grade, you take 11th grade math, and so on.   I'm assuming InappropriateLiteral did that program. For me, 10th grade was Algebra/Trig and some people referred to it as precalc (For example, I'm doing college-offered Alg/Trig and everyone calls it precalc). You do trig in that class, obviously.
0	This is like the opposite of what happened when my grandmother died. I had to fly to England from the states on a Friday night after work, and come home Tuesday. The company held my pay for the Monday and Tuesday I missed because I didn't have the proper funeral home paperwork proving I was at a funeral. (something I couldn't get because it's not something they do in England apparently) In order to get paid, AND not get written up for unexcused absence was to bring my ticket stubs, the little card with my grandmothers picture on it from the funeral, a photo of me with my grandmother that they could check against the photo of her on the card, and a copy of my birth certificate proving that my mother's maiden name and the name of my grandmother were the same, and that my mothers birthplace was England. After all that I finally got paid, then got fired a month later for mislabeling a package (total cost to the company $5)
1	IMO Husky should just completely switch to LoL and actually start shoutcasting it, because this would be awesome.   He was the reason I bought SC2 and HOTS.   This could be coupled with him learning the game, I bet a lot of people would actually watch him duo Q with Riv or Phreak or anyone like that, and them also teaching him what to look at and be aware of when casting, they could maybe spectate a game together and teach him how to know what's gonna happen next.   So a) his knowledge of the game would get better resulting in him becoming better at the game   and b) him learning how to shoutcast LoL games, because I think he is one of the best if not the best shoutcaster in all of E-Sports, just because of his enthusiastic and overhelming personality while streaming   All in all, he would fit the casters quite well I think
0	Oh I do empathize. It sucks. I didn't like it. And when the clients called I didn't talk them like they were the problem, because they're not. I didn't tell them "don't fucking call me after 5:45 because my shift is almost over and I don't feel like dealing with your shit."   My problem is this passive-aggressive GGG bullshit. "GGG: Sucks my dick and pays me for the privilege." My problem is people complaining about DOING THEIR FUCKING JOBS. That's the nature of the job motherfucker! Don't like that shit? Get a different shitty job! No one is forcing you to wait tables.   Also, I'm self-righteous, not self-entitled, you self-entitled cock jabberwocky.
0	I had a friend that was in the Navy for 5 years. Saw him maybe once or twice a year. When he got out he stayed with our other best friend for a few months and then with me for a few months before he moved to Georgia, where his family moved while he was in the Navy. We are 30 now so its been 12 years since he joined. The total number of days I've seen him totals to less then a year even with the 6 or so months he lived here.   I live in Central Florida and over a year ago my other best friend moved 2+ hours away to Sarasota (1 hr South of Tampa). I dont see him very often now either. Even though we can go months or a whole year with out seeing each other or weeks without talking we still consider each other best friends.
0	I'm a "modern" feminist, and wasn't aware that having autonomy over my physical body was a "special privilege". I'm not going to mince words.  Womens bodies have been, and continue to be, the subject of legislation at both state and federal levels. This is where the state tells me, what I can and can not do with my own physical body.  This is the simple reality that my uterus is more legislated than guns are. The war on women, might very well have to do with the fact that womens bodies have been the subject of legislation at both the state and federal level, to an absurd degree.  Women in certain states do not have access to certain options, medications, and services.  I'd say that is a very real issue, and a very concerning one. You also do not see this level of legislation when it comes to mens bodies.  So yes, I would argue that when someone is threatening the autonomy of my body, they have declared war.  In this instance, by in large, the bodies they choose to legislate are female.   As for women living longer, not all of that has to do with women getting "better care" than men.  "The longevity gap is present both in industrialized societies and in developing countries (see Table 2). It's a universal observation that suggests a basic difference between the health of men and women."  [Source]( Last time I checked, the health care law, applies to both men and women. Yes, there are aspects that apply specifically to women. For example, the fact that birth control is now covered.  I don't see a problem with this, as Viagra has been covered for years. What is sad is that there had to be a law passed to ensure women could get their medication, and not pay absurd out of pocket costs. It also speaks volumes to the benefits family planning can have on a country, for men and women alike.
0	Sorry, I may have missed a lot in the spider-man universe (comic wise).  WHat happened in the back in black arc?  Just an awesome
0	Former auto worker here (Lear Corp).  People where having affairs left and right.  The HR director was a complete slut (I almost had a one off with her as well, then thought better and bailed out), major favoritism left and right, up/down... you get the idea.   People were never fired.  Hell my old boss had a documented history of physical aggression towards employees and other directors.  He only got fired after it was undeniably/unquestionably proven that he embezzled the company out of high 5 digits, pulled a smoke screen and blamed his boss, and tried to blame him for everything.   He quit before charges were brought.   So ive been on the other side of HR.
0	Taken from:   >According to the Daily Mail, 39-year-old Adriana and 37-year-old Leandro both knew that they had been abandoned as infants in Brazil.   >The two also knew that their mothers had the same name, Maria.  These two facts alone seemed like just a coincidence and nothing more.   >When Adriana and Leandro met ten years ago for the first time, they quickly fell in love. A few years later they decided to marry and now have a seven year old daughter.   >In her search to find her mother Adriana contacted a radio station that had a program called â€˜The Time Is Nowâ€™, which specialises in finding lost relatives.  The two were reunited on-air, but then her mother revealed that she has a brother.   >Translation of part of the Radio Globo interview:   >â€œMother, you had other children besides me?â€ He said. â€œYes,  had the â€˜Leandro,â€™ but it was with another man, was not his father,â€ Mariasaid. Upon hearing the story of her mother, Adriana got desperate and started to cry compulsively. â€œI do not believe youâ€™re telling me this. Leandro is my husband,â€ she said.   >After the interview Adriana said, â€œOnly death is going to separate us. All this happened because God wanted it to happen. Of course it would have been different if we had known all this before, but we didnâ€™t and we fell in love.â€   >They said that they donâ€™t blame their mother for abandoning them, and they plan to meet her in person soon.
1	is there any way i can maybe get it louder?   yes, look at the top of my original post :p   > Since I am in Vienna today (27th) I probably cannot update today. Unless i somehow get some time to use my laptop to make a new update (next update will rise the global volume of this announcerpack a bit), the next update should be ready tomorrow sometime between 12 am and 3pm (UK Time)
1	I don't know why nobody paid attention to your post, but I feel like it is the truth essentially. NA LCS is exciting with all the trash talk, drama, house tours and what not, but only because there is coverage and somebody actually makes an effort to convey the information to us. Travis stands for a whole bunch of people that cover everything the fans want to know about the teams/players.   If you look at EU, there is probably the same amount of drama and a fair amount of trash talk as well, but no person/platform gathering all this and additionally creating content on their on, i.e. house tours, interviews and so on.   The journalists in NA and, to a lesser degree, in Korea are doing an awesome job hyping the fans up for the games. While this may not necessarily attract more people to watch the games live, it would certainly increase the quality of EU LCS. Maybe someone like Jankos is a really swell dude, but we just don't know about it, so like him, most of the players seem kind of boring.
1	I have been playing a lot of kha, zed and rengar in the jungle lately, and I must say the new jungle is awesome for carry junglers. 90% of my games I can ward their wraiths before 1:30 , take a smiteless blue, steal their red with smite and kill the enemy jungler. This is one of the easiest ways to get first blood and will make you able to get a spir stone/madred and a long sword.  When you then gank from the jungle with 120 ad at lvl 3 and the enemy laners are only level 2 it is really easy to kill them and you can get the snowball rolling really hard. Continue the trend of taking all his buffs at the 7 minute mark and ward up properly, maybe even killing him again, counter-gank the shit out of them and you just made their support jungler (amumu, naut, j4 or even vi) worthless for the first 15 minutes. Usually this gives your team such an advantage that you can finish the game by 25 minutes with a score of somewhere about 10 kills and 0 deaths.   As you said this will be a complete stomp, BUT this strategy is very easily countered. You can first of all counter it by warding your own jungle and pincering te invading enemy jungler. Second of all a red start is really annoying since blue is way more risky to invade and kill the enemy jungler at due to the lesser amount of brushes.
1	Um, that is completely your fault. In my placement games in S2, I went 2-8 and dropped to around 750. I always blamed teammates for being bad, lag, etc. After like 200 games, I honestly did improve and if you're good, you WILL carry yourself out. It took me 200 games but I went from 750 to 1200. I started S2 with 750 and ended S2 with 1416.   If your friend was actually worse then you, he would've fallen out of the gold bracket a long time ago. No point in blaming him when he probably IS better than you.   Here is a picture I took before my game to hit 1200. -   And here is my profile on LOLKing so you can see my elo now. -
1	Ye I can say I don't really have that much champs yet and I have close to 1k games finally, after playing for quite some time. I do wanna say though that when I was spamming URF games my IP was going really well, but that's 'cause URF was new and fun and quick. So I was playing a lot of matches in a row. From normal games and ranked games I don't play that much a day so.   I main ADC, so I have champs like Cait, Lucian, Trist, Vayne, Corki, MF and Ezreal. I wanna buy Graves next, and don't have Jinx, Twitch and Varus. While Twitch is looking appealing to buy now with this new VU it's getting. Then I had Gragas, Leblanc and Nidalee mid. Found out that my Leblanc is kinda poor when I tried it in plat so yeah that's kinda over for me. Gragas got remade and is kinda bad, I also had Kassa although never really played it, which isn't really good either. So I bought Ziggs. I seriously have no real top lanes, I have some random cheap ones like WW and Garen, but not really the strong picks. And I don't really have junglers either, besides Lee and I bought Pantheon. Supports I have actually bought Morgana and Thresh after saving for awhile.   The problem is though that this is all 'cause I rank, and many times I'm forced into roles I don't really wanna play. I love adc, and comfortable with mid and support. I don't really like top or jungle, although jungle is op, and top you could just farm and not feed and be helpful later as a tanky champ. And also going from Lv1-30, it's annoying to actually save up for a great champion pool. When I was playing I just bought some random champs so I could play some different champs instead of the usual free week and the champs I did purchase. Gets boring playing the same champs after awhile.. Like seriously I have champs like Cho'Gath who when I bought it was pretty damn good. Even though I don't play jungle, I would love champs that are strong now like Kha'Zix who seem actually really fun, and Vi who is super strong. But yeah getting 4.8k and 6.3k champs takes so long. 3k is ok though. And also I got 3 rune pages, AD, AP and Support. I don't even really have runes for several different champions. Which is really really lame.
1	J4 is not as strong as he was a month or so ago (he lost a bit of Armor) but he can still put in a good amount of work for the team.   He brings tankiness, reduces armor on the enemy team, has a knockup to interrupt enemy channels or self-roots, slows for days with his W and Randuins, has great engage and a nice ability that allows him and his team to take objectives quickly. He especially synergizes well with Ezreal who can also grant his team attack speed to help take objectives even faster. Many team compositions can make great use of all that. Doubly true for heavily AD comps.
1	It was a joke, I thought I made that obvious with the winky face :( And there's the fact that my
0	Personally, it's moreso the sudden shift in focus to "my parents suck"  "penis! penis! penis!"  and "ohmygerd masturbation stories/embarassment."   I don't relate.  Not because crass penis humor is not relatable.  But because these are 1st tier jokes.  (Like an influx of knock knock jokes to the front page.   Who invited the 5 year old humor brigade in?)   I  wish for more topics to be upvoted that were more unusual and more substantive.   I don't mean smart stuff, I mean stupid stuff that is actually unusual or unusually funny.   A lot of reddit is "What is your most unusual life experience" and when lots of 15 year olds chime in with stuff that has happend TO ALL OF US, you wait for the truly awesome 30/40/50 year old story to show up, or the extreme statistical anamoly 15 year old story to show up.   Since that doesn't happen, you exit the room of the 15 year olds, because you didn't know you were walking into a high school party.   In general "unusual life experience" stories are not areas where 15 year olds excel, b/c they don't have as much of them.   Also, 15 year olds upvote the non-unusual stories b/c they relate to them, and they think they are unusual stories.  So the upvote count gets skewed.
0	When I was still in school, I remember I lent several people my video games. For instance, when I was in elementary school my "best friend" borrowed my copy of The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past that also came with The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords.   When I went to high school, I remember this guy (I suspected his parents neglected him or he was poor because his clothes looked worn out and he had some serious B.O.) borrowed my copy of Kingdom Hearts 2. I asked him about my Kingdom Hearts 2 game several times and every time he said he was going to bring it but he never did.   So now I know to only let people that I absolutely trust borrow my stuff and if I don't trust them, that's their problem.
0	Let's learn about meat!   Cows and sheep have very dense muscle tissue, dense enough that the bacteria you generally find on steaks and lamb can't quickly migrate very far into the meat, they just live on the surface. Over time the bacteria can eat through it and make it go rotten, but unless your cow was horribly sick or your steak has been left out for a few days, heating the very surface of the steak above 160 degrees Fahrenheit (344.26 Kelvin) is enough to kill any dangerous pathogens. This really has little to do with regulations; it's not challenging to keep the interior of a steak relatively bacteria-free.   Burgers throw this rule out the window, because they're made of ground beef. Grinding up the meat moves all the surface bacteria around, permeating the entire burger. That's where meat industry regulations come in, hopefully ensuring that you won't get sick eating a medium-rare burger, even though you didn't cook it enough to kill all the bacteria at the center.   With chicken and turkey, the muscle tissue isn't dense enough to prevent the spread of bacteria, and a large percentage of commercially-bought chicken and turkey meat has salmonella on it, which permeates all of the meat, so you have to cook it all the way through.   Pork can contain Trichinella spiralis, the roundworm that causes trichinosis, which can be fatal. T. spiralis dies at ~150 degrees Fahrenheit (338.71 Kelvin), so even questionable pork is going to be safe if you cook it all the way through. People still get trichinosis from eating undercooked wild boar here, but the regulations are good enough that it's safe to eat medium cooked commercially-bought pork.
1	You have to understand how unranked placements work on a fresh lvl 30. I have a very good understanding of it because I've done it on about 20 or so accounts. Your first 3-4 games in your placements, if you are a new player, will always be against other unranked players who have bad kda's and a ton of losses both in normals and any placement matches they have already done. So anyone you are playing with in these games, will be landing in bronze or low silver anyway. If you continue to lose, you will keep queing with people who are also losing. So again, by throwing your placement matches, you really aren't ruining anyones placements because they will be placing low anyway.   What I said about your first 3-4 placement games is always true if you are a new player. Now say you win your first 4 placement matches. Your 5th game will generally be against ranked high silver or gold, now if you win this game, you will continue to que against this MMR for the remainder of your placements generally. If you lose your 5th game, you will go right back to queing against unranked. Anyone who says that your normals KDA and win/loss ratio has no effect on how you que in your placements, is wrong. If I, myself, smurf and lvl an account to 30, generally my first placement match will start off against silver ranked or other unranked players who are doing very well in placements. If I buy a botted lvl 30 accnt, which will have a horrid kda and 75% losses, my first placement matches will ALWAYS be against new players.
1	I REALLY feel as though adding a comment section when you report/honor to discourage/encourage player behavior.  I would love to be able to reward someone with more than just a '+1 teamwork.' Inversely, pairing a report with a comment (disallowing cursing and certain offensive words) could help with overall behavior in the game. There are times when I want to appreciate a player's behavior and show them that I do.
1	We" don't need that at all. Speak for yourself.
1	Just because a champ gets strong doesn't mean people are sheep. This game is complex and the meta shifts to favor certain play-styles.   Ex: TF has seen a large resurgence since some fairly minor buffs. Was he OP all along? No, the meta just shifted to favor laners who have strong waveclear and utility. Late season 3, the meta favored assassins in mid-lane such as Zed and Ahri who had very easy time against him in lane and in teamfights.
1	I just looked over the code and Ill explain what I think is going on.   The java class starter basically can read in the entire riot api and writes into 1 giant file that creates a giant grid he mentioned earlier basically using a long variable to orient all his data.  I believe this table is required as a csv so that the python code can read and train it.  They are   1:gold   2: kills   3: deaths   4: assists   5: damage dealt to champs   6: damage dealt overall   7: a variable im not quite sure on (i think its a long (large int) that represents player position and what side of the map they are on) I think this is used to orient the data into his matrix which is pretty clever, it also leads me to assume that player name is appended onto this list at the beginning since it feels like a pretty important peace of information.   8: whether or not they won.   These are basically saved into a bunch of files based on players to give an individuals overall stats.   The python code then trains on this data by creating the above mentioned grid.  The grid is created by accessing each player profile and populating the table.  Training is a computer ai method that basically tries to fit data accordingly (think a best fit line but more complex)   Then its just a matter of using this training data to find 10 people on the modeled line and how they match up and predict the results.   I had some prolems following some of his variables but it looks neat, I also have no idea how machine learning in python works on a code level but its probably conceptually the same as anywhere else.  The lack of comments also make it rough to read.
1	Okay guys, this is kinda pointless.   I was encouraged by this post, to go and try the mode on my EUNE account. I played in the higher division team, and either i had bad luck for my teammates, or people actually have no idea what "learning experience" means. To put it simple - I just tried to play the lane correctly, going with farm/push/not dying and stuff, with mentality that the dude who is playing against me is worse by deafault - so i need to look up for his mistakes, to explain it to him after the game. Unfortunately for me, i was the only one - the other guys were just slaughtering the other team for no reason, giving up the cs/objectives just to bm. After the game when i heard that "We are not here to teach them, just to give tips. If they play 100 games like this they will come closer to our level", i was like - wow. WHen i could kill enemy or just pressure him and leave at low hp - i would do it. Its almost the same thing, but it wont create such gold advantage in the future, allowing for more space. The match history shows entire thing - people just going for mindless kills for no reason, refusing to close out games just to get even more.   Also sorry for my english and no formating - i have no idea how to do it for now/ gnar cannot into space.
1	I think  insert population  are really  insert mean adjective  because they "ALWAYS" (lol)  insert behavioral generalization .
1	Hi, fiora main here. Fiora is a great low elo pub stomper, because no one knows how to play against her, because everyone thinks she's awful. I go complete aggression when playing her, only build one defensive item toward the end. Her weakness is that she can't do anything against high armor champions (garen, renek), and high cc.and if she loses lane she'll suck the rest of the game. Anyway, in my elo, (silver 2) she's excellent because she's underestimated. I play her mid, or top if they didnt pick someone tanky. I often get dodged for playing her mid, but when i get into a game everyone goes very aggresive, and that's when I can win because she's underestimated, and people dont know how to play against her. I rarely lose mid, and i always do well.
1	I'm a senior at a high school in the San Fransico area in California I might be able to influence my school to participate in such a circuit and would certainty be interested in it, one main issue I see is that most of the people who play LoL here are enrolled in AP classes and don't have much time for stuff like this; however if it were to start I feel a club based thing would work best, and give an opportunity to reach new players. Possibly players who have a high rank could visit and give tips, or just do a day or two of watching streams every other week. If you can start a league I can probably get my school to join.
1	Nice format. I like getting to hear the reasoning Riot had behind the changes. I hope they can keep it up.   Now we get the
0	I posted this in another spot in this thread, but its a real thing--it just may not be representative of the majority.   Look at this way. I meet 100 people.   One of them introduces himself by saying "Hey, I'm John.  I'm a vegan.  I'm a kickass vegan cook; I've won awards for it, but I'm not about the awards, man, i"m just about . . . you know . . . caring for animals."   The other 99 just tell me their names.   I walk away thinking that I met one vegan, and that he was obnoxious as hell.  In truth, maybe 9 out of those 99 were also vegan, but not hipster douchebags who were starved for attention by their parents.   My perception is skewed, because I think I met one obnoxious vegan and in truth I met 10 vegans and only 1 was obnoxious--but it's not really my fault my perception is skewed.  I'm not being dishonest.  My perception of the situation is genuine, just incomplete.
1	There is something to say about the suggestions that you make (like going QEQ or 3rd item BT on Caitlyn - from now on referred as 3BT): while it is most certainly true that these two paths have higher winrate than others, you  cannot infer causality .   What this means is that you can't tell whether it is going QEQ that makes you win more, or the fact that you get an advantage in the first two levels that allows you in consequence to level Q for more damage. The same goes for 3BT over 3LW -- you most likely build it when you already have an advantage (therefore more likely to win in the first place), while you build LW in all other situations (even or behind).   There is a fine line within causality inference, which can very rarely be robustly calculated by statistics. This is where common sense and economic modeling step in. A better way to express the statistic would be: "3BT is the preferred path when you already have an advantage, 3LW when you are going even, X when you are behind". An even better way to look at this for confirmation of the logical inference would be to check all the 3BT games and see how many times the Caitlyn had an advantage before building it.
0	Oh boy do I have a story for you then.   So, I'm on a two week trip to Spain, Portugal, and Morrocco. Good trip, tried new food, and maybe shouldn't have. Didn't feel the greatest flying home, but more of the sniffles and body aches like the flu. I land the day before mine and my boyfriend's first anniversary. Fast forward to the next day (our anniversary). We're walking around the mall, killing some time before our dinner reservation. My tummy has been gurgling all day, but just bad farts. Not this time. Since i'm with my BF, i try to gently let it out. You know those farts that are so warm and bubbles it feels like you shat yourself, but you were safe? Thought it was one of those guys, until i started walking. Felt a "squish squish". Boyfriend looks at me and asks if i'm ok. I, horrified, say i need the bathroom: immediately. Head to the bathroom to check the damage. Adorable anniversary undies: ruined. New skinny jeans from Spain: thank god they were dark wash... Try to clean up as best i can, spray some perfume, but it's no use. I walk out and lie to my BF and say i got my period everywhere and need to go buy new jeans and a thong. (This was also to deter him from sex. I pooped myself walking, how can my body take doggy style!!) So, i find some jeans and a new thong, all is well now. He bought the lie, but anniversary was ruined. I felt so sick i asked him to just take me home. No dinner, no sexy times, nothing :(   Thankfully, we made up for it the following weekend :) we're still together, but i doubt i will ever tell him the truth. Most humiliating and horrific moment of my life.
1	My reasoning being that CLG tends to bicker and throw the game. I feel this is probably why they lost to Curse in IPL. I'm not saying they are bad, as they are easily one of the best teams when they all are tryharding and working together, but getting to that point seems harder for them then other teams. Curse is a pretty solid B+ team and Sypher is probably a A-/B+ while CLG performs anywhere from a C- to S++ level.
1	Apologies if something similar has already been posted, but I think something like this would actually serve to PROMOTE deviation in strategies, rather than reduce it.   Let players generate the "meta" and then have players use checkboxes to select which lane configurations they want to play. You could allow any player to create a queue for any teamcomp or lane set-up by using simple checkboxes and pulldown menus These menus would first allow players to select how many champions to put in each lane. The typical meta right now would be 1-1-2-1, but players could choose to create a strategy with 5-0-0-0 or whatever they want. From there, players can further limit how they want their team set up. Maybe some players feel like having an AD champ mid with an AP top and/or jungle is particularly strong, so they could go further into the menu and check and uncheck boxes for what types of champions they want in each role. Each champion in each lane would allow players to select what champions are acceptable. If players think that only ADC/support bot is viable. They only check adc and support for their 2 champion botlane. If a player feels like double bruiser bot is really good, they might check only 2 bruisers for their botlane.   Finally, once this is done, players select what roles they are willing to play. Players can be as specific or general as they want. A player can say "I am willing to play any role in any lane" or "I can only play support and adc" or "I am only willing to play an AD bruiser mid". This will be combined with the teamcomp you selected when forming a team.   One important thing to note: You don't necessarily have to play in a role that you have specified in your teamcomp set up. If I am a player that feels like AD mid is really strong, but I am not good at AD mid, I can still specify that type of set up while only checking adc and support as the roles I am personally willing to play.   All of these settings can be bookmarked similar to runes or masteries, so players don't have to spend time setting them up every single time.   Also, players can see/select teamcomps they are willing to play when joining a queue. Players will be able to view how many players are in a specific queue at a given time.   How will this work, realistically? You will see probably 95% of players in queues of 1-1-2-1. If I check only that box, I am saying "I am willing to play with a teamcomp of any of the 1-1-2-1 configurations" and could be paired with someone who specifically wants 1-1-2-1 with AD mid or with 2-bruiser or whatever is popular, or I could be paired with someone who has specified AP mid and/or support/ADC bot, or I could be paired with a team of people who have all not specified for mid/bot/top and only selected 1-1-2-1 lanes. Then, when I get into team select, the game will inform my whole team of my potential roles relative to everyone else.   Example: I go into Queue saying I want 1-1-2-1 with no other specifications, and I can play adc and support any lane, and AP or AD mid lane only. In my team I might get someone (player A) who specified AD mid but can only play AP or AD bruiser top, someone (Player B) who didn't specify beyond 1-1-2-1 and can play AD or AP mid only, (player C) who specified ADC/support bot and can only play adc or support, and (Player D) who specified AD mid and can play AD mid or jungle.   The game would then assign players roles and display them to the rest of the team. Player A would be shown as AP or AD bruiser top Player B would be shown as AD mid (because player A specified AD mid) Player C and myself would be shown as ADC or support bot. We would then have to work it out between each other who would play what.  Player D would be shown as jungle(any) because no one specified AD, AP, etc for jungle.   But what about the queue times?!?! They would be astronomical! Yes, they would be longer, but maybe not as long as you would think. You will have two opposing forces that will balance each other out - The disproportionately high number of people who absolutely have to play mid and nothing else, and a number or people who just want to play right away and are willing to be flexible if they don't have to wait. If these numbers balance each other (about 1 to 4) it won't cause any significant increase in wait time. If there are "too many" mid players (1 to 1), wait times for these players will be very, very high, and wait times for "ill play anything" players will be quite low. If this wait causes a negative experience for those waiting in the mid only queue, they can leave that queue and rejoin as a "ill play anything" player and find a game almost instantly. This will allow players that really really want a specific role, or really really want to play a tri-lane bot, to get what they want if they wait long enough. Some players will be happy to wait 15 minutes for a game if they get to try this strategy they have been dying to try.   But what if players don't follow their assigned role? Easy, allow a "kick-vote" in champ select where you can specify various violations such as "refusing to play assigned role" "refusing to play assigned lane" "verbal abuse" etc. These would go to tribunal, but these can be reviewed much more quickly than normal reports, so players could be given a separate allowance from their usual 20 to review these. How could you avoid having this kick-vote be abused? DON'T SHOW NAMES DURING CHAMP SELECT. This would prevent players from looking up stats and then decided to kick-vote a player who they might judge prematurely from their stats. Players who have a high number or false reports could also be penalized in LP.   In addition to this, or as a completely separate idea on its own, you could also give people the option to join or create a "team building chat room" where other players in their elo range could join and negotiate together what type of team and strategy they want, and then join the queue together. In ranked, players would be allowed to only have 1 friend in this group of 5, just like a duo.   What do you guys think?
1	Surely your mmr will tie up with your rank when you start to hit your peak anyway? As a low level player I would have never have progressed without it, when I was in bronze 1 my mmr was getting me matched with high silvers and low golds meaning my points gained was much higher than lost which allowed me to progress.
0	Well my routine during the week is getting up and making a breakfast and a lunch for my husband to take to work with him.  I organize his clothes and his briefcase, keys, phones etc so he just needs to get up, get ready and go to work.   Then I take our dogs for a good hour long walk.  Come home make myself a coffee and breakfast.  Then I will clean and swiffer all surfaces and floor of our place (yes, I'm anal - pun intended!) I do this daily because we have lots of glass, chrome and dark surfaces so you see dust and it drives me crazy!!  Then I will go to the gym for 1.5 to 2 hours (I've lost 40 pounds since last summer!! Working on another 25 or 30!).  I'll come home and get showered and will do chores - shopping, groceries, laundry, whatever other chores that are required or hobbies like baking and gardening etc.  Then I have a small lunch/snack (it's usually about 2/2:30pm at this point).  Then the dogs go for another walk for about 45min to an hour.  Then I prep and get dinner organized.  Then I usually catch up with family members by phone/Skype or text until my husband comes home around 5pm.   That's a typical day but there are times when I will just go and visit my parents for coffee and hang out with my mom for a few hours.  I don't see friends during the day since they all work so it can get lonely.   I never just sit around and watch TV.   I'm also not a gamer, but I do sometimes waste time on reddit for a couple hours.   It's amazing how fast a day will go by!
1	I understand "more like", of course :) but I still think the differences are a bit too vast to compare them easily at all.   Plus, unlike Chess, very few games in LoL or SCII end up in a draw xD   Added the
1	Well, to begin with, riot DID allow room for change. Gragas and morde were meant to be tank bruisers, but said innovation lead people to try them as mages. they have been trolled, like recently ap rengars, until other people found out they were right. Other examples are ad kennen, ap supports (yeah i m coming to them now) ap shaco, ap blitz, and other hybrid champions. 2nd, pretty much everything riot nerfed is STILL viable, and was nerfed for a reason. They didn't nerf mundo because he was good at protecting carries, it s because he was an unstoppable machine that could soak your whole team damage and couldn t be ignored at the same time. He is STILL viable as now. They didn t nerf ap soraka because she was innovative, but because a point blank aoe skill with 1 second cooldown, decent base damage and ap ratio at 40 mana (and before that, FREE, because you could give yourself mana) won lane against 80% of ap mids without any skill. Ap janna was bringing WAY too much utility on the team, while still dishing out a lot of damage. She got nerfed pretty hard, but riot said they are STILL working on it to create a sort of utility that scales on ap, instead of damage. Morde and gragas got nerfed too, they are still viable.
1	Here you have the translation:   Very sad, helpless, and impotent to have lost, because after traveling 12 hours we spent 24 hours of pure stress from the moment we arrived at the hotel. A Riot guy said that everything was fixed and we were about to rest in our hotel rooms in.   After spending the entire previous day struggling for a room in hotel lobby from 10 am to 12 pm and having a teamate sleeping on the floor, to go begging for another room to rest gives me much anger; knowing that we were the first to arrive with Millenium, who went direct to their rooms when they arrived as if nothing, while we had a day without a room does not seem fair.
1	I tried Diana myself. With the new masteries you can go 9/21 on her taking 4% attack speed, with runes that becomes 19% and her passive makes it 39% attack sped bonus at level 1. She cleared to lvl 4 in 3:20
1	There are 2 solutions to this. I use both.   1)   You can move your task bar to the side of your screen or to the top(I hate top). Personally I have it on the left side because right side messes with the X button for closing programs like your internet browser.   2)   Hide task bar. It only pops up when you need it. If you keep your task bar at the bottom, it can still be annoying. That is why option 1 was also mentioned.
0	I'm a lifeguard, too, and my first save was a black woman and her toddler. She didn't know how to swim and was carrying her son around and somehow wandered into the deep end and started yelling for help while trying to keep her son (who was oblivious to the entire situation) above water. After she's rescued she was hysterical and was just saying over and over "we ain't neva comin' back, baby" to her son (still oblivious), which was sad. She didn't ever come back and her child lost an opportunity to get comfortable with being in the water because of his mother's own mistake. Not to mention that she WAS rescued quickly as an active drowning victim, no rescue breaths/CPR needed.
1	It's funny, I've never had better times in ranked than since I got Plat few weeks ago. Now I don't really know if people rage more or less, harder or softer than in lower Tiers, but im pretty damn sure about one thing : I stopped being as serious as I was before (ya know da gold kiddies i didnt want to hang out with), and the only difference I could notice is that now, I don't need to mute people to be able to ignore them anymore (map awareness didn't improve that much tho...)
0	Story time:  One day I was on my way to work on the campus of a major university enjoying the sunshine.  I come upon a stop sign, stop, look around, and continue my journey.  As I'm crossing the intersection a wild bicyclist appears and smashes into the right side of my car at an alarmingly high rate of speed.  He goes flying over my hood and lands hard on the pavement.  He was obviously and avid cyclist as he was wearing the full Tour de France uniform with the universities logo all over it.  He jumps to his feet starts and screaming "Share the road! Share the road!"  He then proceeds to phone the authorities claiming he got "ran over" by a car.  In an amazingly short 2-3 minutes the police show up and he starts ranting and raving that I ran a stop sign and struck him.  The cop looks at me and raises his eyebrows in an invitation to tell my side of the story. I inform him I stopped at the sign, checked the road was clear, and proceeded through when Mr. Armstrong, through his own fault, ran a foul of my front quarter panel.  Now Mr. Armstrong would have none of this and said, in what I assume he thought was a normal tone of voice, "I want him arrested and made an example of." I do not jest, he actually said those words aloud, in public. By this time there was a crowd of people watching the spectacle and as he said this a quite beautiful student shouted from the crowd, "You ran into him you moron. He did nothing wrong."  Others in the crowd then chime in saying they witnessed the incident as well and that it was Mr. Armstrong at fault.  The officer inspects the damage to my gorgeous '97 Subaru Outback then the damage to the fiery steed of a bastard and begins writing Mr. Armstrong a ticket for failure to yield at a crosswalk, running a stop sign, and causing an accident.  He tells me to make sure I keep a copy of the incident report for when or if I take him to court.  I decided against the hassle of legal proceedings and insurance companies and just had a friend repair the damage to my chariot for a nominal fee.  The moral of this story: if you ride a bicycle obey the fucking rules of the road.  My car is bigger and it can hurt or even kill you.  That's why we all have to obey the laws when driving/riding.   And do you know what happened to that quite beautiful student and I, nothing.  I'm a tall skinny nerd but if she is reading this, thank you so much for speaking up.  I'm not sure anyone else would have if you didn't get the ball rolling.
1	That is a pretty decent team composition.   However, the best way to deal with a stun-heavy team is to force team fights.  You can build merc treads, banshee's veil, quicksilver sash and whatnot as well, but as long as your team is grouping up well, you should be able to hold your own.   Also, you have an Olaf who can initiate with his ult on (to prevent CC), a Sivir who can chuck on her shield to prevent a stun, and your own team has 2 stuns, 1 slow and 1 AOE taunt - in terms of CC, you're not far behind.
1	ACtually, there are some reasons why I don't take drugs. It costs a lot financially, you might get criminal esp. if you are OOM (out of money), but I also think the short-term happyness/consumption doesn't outweight ALL the trouble you have afterwards, such as drug withdrawal with pain and whatever connected to it.
0	Asshole trash guys in my neighborhood would not take part of a computer chair I had to throw out because it was sitting  beside  the trash cans on the curb.   I eventually crammed that fucker in the trash can the third time; wedged it in there good. They undoubtedly had to crawl part way in to pry it free.
1	His point is that if you buy a champion with RP it's cheaper (in RP) than buying an IP boost and buying a champion with the resulting IP. His figure of where it becomes more efficient to boost is way off (it's 6 games a day for the duration of your boost, assuming you use per win boosts and have a 50% win rate), but it's still a good argument.
1	I think EU are going to get smashed at this year's worlds but I think it'll be good for the scene like a wake up call. Hopefully once it happens the teams and the organisations will start to get their act together and begin taking the game more seriously as it's quite evident some teams haven't in the past.   When we get humbled at this year's Worlds I think EU will start to knuckle down and get their act together and hopefully come back stronger next year. It's all about next year for us boys. As the EU scene is in bad shape due to several huge factors like the lazy attitude of the teams, the lack of a meaningful infrastructure to most of the teams, top teams being sabotaged and just teams not taking their craft seriously enough.
0	As an educational psychologist with experience teaching K12, undergraduates, Masters/PhD students, and in-service teachers, you should know that what you've written is a distortion of what's actually going on.   The wise integration of technology has the potential to revolutionize the way students  use  what they're learning. What you've encountered is almost certainly the result of two things: 1) you're a substitute teacher, and students tend to see subs as one-dimensional characters that don't play a significant role in their academic or personal lives; and 2) because you only work with the students for a short amount of time, you have little bearing over how the technology is being used for instruction.   Sure, you're entitled to have personal gripes with the "overuse" of online tools in our culture, but remember that we (all humans, not just kids) now live in a world where the internet effectively serves as a huge database for transactive memory. We can't know everything necessary to be successful in a 21st century, globalized environment, and these tools enable us to navigate complex problems we're faced with on a daily basis. Without exposing kids to ways these tools can be applied, they serve as overglorified electronic paperweights.   As a quick example, consider an urban school district in which students never have the opportunity to go outside and experience the world in the way you're describing--maybe because they don't have access or guidance, maybe because it's unsafe, maybe for financial reasons. An iPad or Chromebook gives them the chance to explore the entire planet via Google Earth, communicate with others via secure social networks (not necessarily Facebook/Twitter, but Edmodo, Schoology, etc.), simulate activities that help them move toward their personal goals (e.g., simulations or social games). What may seem like a nuisance to you may be the biggest window of opportunity a K12 student has to see the world.   I encourage you to spend some more time exploring how the "connectedness" you dislike can be leveraged into productive activities with both younger and older audiences. Why not, for instance, utilize the GPS function for geocaching? Alternate-reality games that require group problem-solving? Chatting with international pen pals in another language? There's a ton of material out there that can make a huge difference in a child's life, and while you may see it as an overdose of electronic stimulation, it can be something entirely different. What that "different" variable is depends on how we (i.e., teachers) shape student understanding of the tools available to them.
0	so it went from .015% to .018%. Still not a very high number. Just saying. That means 99.982% of people will live. Not to say it's not dangerous though, like you mentioned before about complications afterwards and stuff like that, it's just not all lethal.
0	Completely relevant:  as a kid I misunderstood the transformers theme song, and instead of "more than meets the eye" I thought it was someone's name: "Mordan Meetsdeei". I was way too old when I learned the truth, after years trying to figure out who Mordan was on the show.
1	It's always a skill matchup even with counter picks, I will still beat your 4th game Diana with my Kat main...   But if you actually care about climbing, you will have your main, and then  1-2 champs that counterpick your main's counters that you're also good with.   You will shit on any Kat player if your skill with these champs is just slightly lower than hers:     Fiddlesticks   Diana   Lissandra   Lee Sin (don't be bad, end game before 35min)   Galio    Sejuani   Malzahar   Fizz   Riven   Lulu   Casseiopeia     The following picks will ensure you lose the game vs Kat:     Xerath   Leblanc    Veigar   Lux   Akali   Twisted Fate   Teemo     Everything else is a skill matchup.   how du me not fed teh kat when am bot lane??   Step 1 - Pink your tri bush   Step 2 - Why are you pushed to their tower with <50% health?   Step 3 - Maybe don't do dragon with MIA mid while you're all low   Step 4 - OMGAWD if we all in and dive tower, we get a 1 for 1 trade with their adc! Nah Kat will get a reset and potentially kill both of you. Also why are you diving/extending for 1 for 1 trades? Those are never worth it.   Am go top, me still die, wat du?   Step 1 - Don't over extend Step 2 - Use trinket Step 3 - Don't build full AD on bruisers, you idiot. DERRR BUT ME PLAY FULL AD JAX, well yeah m808 you deserve to lose then   Am mid, i suck, wat du?   Step 1 - Recall  properly, why the fuck are you recalling at 20% health in the middle of the fucking lane??   Step 2 - Push tower, fall back, repeat.   Step 3 - Use Barrier not ignite, sekrit op vs kat   am shite jungle idk how 2 gank som1 with escapes   Step 1 - See if you can gank anyway   Step 2 - Make sure you poke when you gank so your mid laner can actually function as a player   Step 3 - Go gank another lane maybe   Step 4 - Stop tower diving, you're lv4 she's lv6 what are you even thinking   Step 5 - Stop counter jungling, you're lv3 with 150 health left, calm your titties and recall
1	I'm not a huge LoL lore buff (it's a MOBA after all, the lore is not my main interest in the game, there are other games that make a much better job of that) but I still found it a nice addition and appreciated the few and small things that came from the lore department. I was especially fond of the idea of the League of Legends, because even though it might seem silly, having the Institute of War and summoners at least gave an explanation for why the game worked like it worked. That put it apart from other, similar games in that regard, which for me was a good thing.   Sure, I can see that the restrictions it imposed on the lore department could be seen as difficult to work around and crippling. But those problems, to me, mostly stemmed from a few things, mainly that the Institute of War and summoners being too powerful, so that all parties seemingly almost always respected its decision. It's like the UN if the UN actually worked. This could easily been either changed story-wise (an attack from the void destroying the source of power and weakening them in the following war for example) or by simply retconning it and playing it down. I think few people would complain about such a minor change, and in this way, it would work more like the UN does for real, and allow stories where the different factions are breaking the rules, waging proxy war, having champions doing wet ops etc.   Even if they wanted to destroy the league entirely, they could still have done an event out of  that , but now they're not even going down the "it was all a dream"-route (thank God!) but just saying that whatever happened before never happened, never existed while also removing the central theme of the game, the League itself. It's a bit akin to doing a reboot of The Lord of Rings but removing the Rings because they find the concept of a "all-powerful object that is the focus of the conflict" is crippling them from writing stories about anything else.   I maybe could have accepted this if the lore department had a good track record of, well,  anything . But to the majority of players who are interested in the lore (that is, the part of the player base that would care about the new lore as well, because face it, the new short lore burbs will not entice  anyone  who previously didn't care to start to care now) are not very pleased with the lore department. They botched the Freljord event, tried to placate angry fans with "it will help us write better stories" and then didn't write stories. They stopped with the Journal of Justice and more or less any kind of lore outside of the pure champion lore. I was actually convinced they didn't have a lore department anymore, just other design people working part-time at it, because the work they were putting out were almost non-existent.   So I can't trust the lore department on this. They have a bad track record, they honestly seem to be about as productive as Soviet bureaucrats and they have been really bad in handling previous fan protests. And now, suddenly, they have this  huge  reboot going on which they have not in any way, tried to anchor or discuss with the lore fans beforehand. To me, it signals arrogance and, more worryingly, groupthink. They seem to have convinced each other that there is no way out of the current lore that is in any way exciting to them, and now the rest of us are supposed to eat that up. And they are doing a terrible job of making us hungry.   Let's look at Amumu's new "lore":   "Amumu is a diminutive, animated cadaver who wanders the world, trying to discover his true identity. He rose from an ancient Shuriman tomb bound in corpse wrappings with no knowledge of his past, consumed with an uncontrollable sadness."   It's not very good. It tries to build mystery, but it fails. It reminds me of how I wrote RPG NPC:s when I was 14, and that's not a good thing. Sure, they can say that it's "just for the client, there will be longer lores on the homepage", but if they know that it's bad, why release it at all? It's just adding fire to the flames, and did they really need to put it on the PBE to see if it was bugged in any way when it was in the state it was? No. It worries me that this is apparently the best they could do. It worries me that people who have produced so little content for such a long time, botched quite a few of those things and failed to meet promises about new content are now scrapping the entire lore to start anew. I honestly don't think they will do a good job. I worry it will be too little, too late and too lacking. I worry that all the champions that have to have their lore changed will get either the small blurbs like those they have on the PBE now or that some champions will have old lore while others will have the new one, making it look extremely sloppy (and confusing for a new player). I worry that out of all these promises for more and better lore and tie-in story driven products, we will get exactly what we got out of the Freljord event: nothing.
0	As there are many different types of sources, I'll link you to the scholar page.
0	To be fair, I've started running into sites that use the British flag for English. Every single time I spend an extra minute looking for the American flag because "I want the site in American English, not British English."   ...Then I select the British flag because I realized I was being an idiot.
1	So useless if u arent really good with him. Seeing people in gold sucking so hard with him is so sad. A really strong champ thats sucks so hard before diamond.
1	If you shut down anybody and stop their gold income they're useless. This is no different when it comes to Rengar. Yes he's strong, yes once you get a Trinity Force on him (just like Jax and Poppy) he gets Tanky. Get over it.
0	Parents can enter the agreement - if you sign it, you're an adult, you can bind your child to the agreement. So the issue of being able to enter the contract is solved.   The school is basically garnering control over your devices. This is your property as is, you're entitled to do what you may. You are  NOT  required to submit your property to them. If you do, however, you agree that they can do this for this purpose and this purpose only.   Schools can require various course materials as they so please. Generally each school and district will have a threshold at which point you are eligible for a fee waiver, otherwise you're expected to contribute. Indigence is a defense here, though.   With the touching of other laptops, the school may have a hand here. While on school property, what they say goes, essentially. Outside of school, they have no control, however - if using a school laptop, then the school is still the property owner (if rented), and they can determine usage policies, equivalent to a EULA, basically.   Enforcing outside of school is a tricky area. Most places only allow the school's domain to exist from their first contact with the system to the last contact with the system (example, arriving at the bus stop to go to school until they leave the bus stop on the way home). I've known kids who get suspended for snowball fights while off-campus, but at the school bus stop, and the local court upheld it. I would imagine for the most part, it's just following who owns the property. If it's the school's computer, they make the rules.   Clothing is a relatively untouched subject, but so long as it doesn't interfere with school functioning, they can [go fuck themselves](
0	For my birthday a few weeks ago, my girlfriend invited me to meet her at the movie theater she works at so we could see a movie. I absolutely love movies so I was okay with this. Then I found out she worked until six and she had told me to meet her at noon. She said I could go see a movie, and she would probably get off early. I went to Looper by myself, which turned out to be an amazing movie. When it was over it turned out she still wasn't off so I decided to wander the empty mall that this theater was located in. I ended up passing out in the hall because I had worked until 4am that night and woke up early for the movie. After she finally got off LATE I just decided we would go home for some good old fashioned birthday sex. We ended up falling asleep at 7pm on my birthday. Quite the birthday.
0	Tell you what. Why don't you try eating your next meal with a blanket over your head?   Seriously? Get the fuck over it. You're a server. You have to look at food all day. Is it awkward that you look at others eating when you're hungry? No. It's a goddamn tit and it's being used to feed. If it was awkward for you, it was awkward FOR YOU. She obviously didn't give a fuck. Look at the goddamn tit if you want. Fuck, be a creeper and ogle the damn thing. Or just do your job and act like its any OTHER part of her body doing it's designed function. Like her nose. Or eyes. Or mouth.   Yes, I get that you felt uncomfortable. And it's always a good for a laugh story. Even the mom knows that.   Why the fuck does YOUR consideration matter? The priority is the feed the baby. Do you expect us to put skirts on cows when milking them? Of course not.   It isn't common courtesy. You felt awkward because a mother was feeding so she has to jump through hoops to feed her child so that you don't blush?  Where's  YOUR  GODDAMN COURTESY, BITCH?
1	The biggest objective reason outside of player feelings is that in SC its possible to get shut down to the point you just dont have resources left to compete OR you dont have the skill required to use the minimum resources needed to make a come back. In LoL "resources" (creeps) constantly spawn so you can lose ground for a long time while perhaps even gaining power from resources at a faster rate than your winning opponent.   The other objective reason is of course death timers, if your team can stall to the point the power difference is lessened (or you get lucky) than one team fight or one pick can win you the game. At no point in SC is your opponent not doing something.
0	you loose weight when you get diabetes because diabetes is characterized by either the lack of insulin production (your body destroyed your own pancreas) or you have become resistant to the effects of insulin as a messenger (your diet made your body become  so used to high levels insulin circulating in the body that your body no longer recognizes insulin as a messenger). The point of insulin is to promote the movement of blood sugar into muscle, fat, and liver cells for consumption by the cells. When there is an excess of sugar, insulin promotes storage of sugar in the liver as glycogen and in the adipose cells as fat. In the OP's case with type 1 diabetes the pancreas is more or less destroyed leaving them with them with no natural insulin production.  The result is that the patient has elevated blood sugar levels but none of that sugar moves into the cells where it would be metabolized.  Insulin also functions to tell the body to cease fat metabolism so without it the OP's body cannot stop eating its fat reserves, causing the patient to lose weight.  Also as a little side note, only children and young adults get type 1 diabetes.
0	I've been having a similar discussion with a friend of mine today.  She was telling me all about how much she "suffered" and how "ubelievably tough" it was to get her Master's degree.  In a liberal art.  In 12 years, all while having school paid for and being supported by her parents (which didn't stop her from taking out HUGE student loans just so she could dress fashionably and party nightly).   She claimed we could never understand each other, since she had never joined the military and I'd never been to college.  I reminded her that I am a college student, currently working toward my own Master's degree in between combat tours, all while paying my bills, supporting my own family, and having less debt than she has but owning things like a house and a couple cars.   The point is this: College can't possibly be that difficult, if active duty folks like myself can do it IN OUR SPARE TIME.  Quit whining.
0	This happened to me the very first time I ever went to my girlfriends house to meet her family.  She had warned me prior to arriving: Don't shit in the downstairs bathroom. I forgot about that.   We get there and it's great.  Her dad loves me, her little brother loves me, her little sister and mom love me.  Even her family dog loves me.  We;re all hanging out in front of the fireplace watching a movie and laughing and joking and the familiar feeling begins to stir in my guy.  I politely excuse myself and head to the bathroom.  I didn't realize it at the time but they were all giving each other sly looks.  So I poop.  I wipe.  I flush.  But the toilet, she doesn't go down.  In fact, it starts filling up even more.  I panic; I try holding the handle down,  nothing .  Water still rising, now brown and chunky.  I wash my hands, burning myself in the process (their 'hot' tap gets to  hot  faster and hotter than anything else in the world).  I go out and my girlfriends dad is standing there, arms crossed, looking very stern.  " DID YOU CLOG MY TOILET, SON? " he says.  This is the first day I've met him.  He's as tall as I am (6'4") but BUILT, and he was in the Vietnam war.  He's got a gut, but he's strong as an ox.  Now he's standing in front of me, arms crossed, looking angry as fuck. My girlfriend comes in from behind him; "Oh no, mighteee what have you done?!"   I'm standing there pale, all blood gone form my face, embarrassed as hell, when her little 8 year old brother loses it and starts laughing, "HAHAHA IT DOES THAT ALL THE TIME!" So her dad gets me a beer and plunges the toilet for me.  Hilarious.  I'm still with her.
0	I'm 23, but I met one of my best friends my freshman year of college. I was a whitebread naive Scottsdale kid who, aside from living in rougher suburbs of Minneapolis as a child, grew up with blinders on. Juan was from a horrendous city somewhere in the desert between Vegas and any-fucking-where-else, but he and I quickly became best friends after we met the first week of our first semester of college. One day I walked into his dorm room, where he was cussing up a storm. I figured he was playing WoW or something and proceeded in, but he was on his phone and the conversation went something like this:   "Mom. Mom. Shut the fuck up. Mom.  Shut the fuck up, mom . Yes I fucking know that, I fucking told you that you deaf bitch. Yeah, I called you a deaf bitch, you deaf bitch. Hol- Hold on. Mom.  Shut the fuck up for a second! ", he turned to me and gave me the 'Sup' nod, as though he wasnt in the middle of a huge fight with his mom.   At about this time I was disgusted by him. So livid with rage that someone could repeatedly disrespect his mother so viciously.   and returning to "Jesus fucking christ mom, are you still talking? Yes. I did. Yes.  Shut the fuck up and listen!  Okay bitch, are you listening? Okay, I got grandma's package, yes I got yours too. Thanks for the candy and Reese's and shit. Aight, love you too. Bye".   But the way he ended that conversation, it was so nonchalant, it was almost sublime. When I finally met her, I realized that she spoke the  exact same way  to him. I spent time with him and his mom several times after all this and it actually became pretty funny to me. They weren't fighting, or maybe they were, but they werent trying to be mean or hurtful to each other, they were just... well, honestly, I've known them for 5 years now, and I can't peg them as anything. She loves her son unconditionally, she's a wonderful mother. He respects her more than anyone.
0	Actually, science doesn't technically ever prove that something is true. According to the scientific method, you can only provide evidence that there is a correlation of some sort between x and y. And after several studies it may become widely accepted as a construct to work with. But using science one thing you can do is show that something is definetely not true.   Anyway, there isn't a litmus test for God's existence to show some sort of correlation even with the scientific method. There's arguments on both sides to justify their beliefs.   One of the definitions of belief on dictionary.com is: "confidence in the truth or existence of something not immediately susceptible to rigorous proof: a statement unworthy of belief. "   I really don't think at this point there's a rigorous test to prove existence of God or non-existence. It's not exactly falsifiable or really testable. So in my humble opinion, I think that having conviction in non-existence of God is still a belief because there aren't any rigorous tests nor is there anything really falsifiable about it. I mean sure, you can say there's lots of research and studies that goes against everything in religious scriptures and render them invalid. But that's not the same as going against the idea of a being that is above us. I'm awaiting my downvotes now.
1	Here's the thing though. Gold efficiency for Meteos and gold efficiency for pro players in general is VASTLY different than people in soloqueue. His advice is for people in soloqueue. As you can see he rises above even the best in the NA in regard to GPM, which means that he can afford to buy it regardless of how inefficient it is. As you can see by his kill participation stats he is also in the thick of the action where an item like Locket is used most efficiently.
1	People are more likely to report a bad experience than a good one. It would be extremely unlikely, if not altogether impossible, to find a significant enough group of people who not only felt like they won because of a feeder and not their own merit, but felt like it was enough of an accomplishment that they needed to post it here, in addition to which you would have to find a group of people in this community who responded positively to that kind of attitude.   The reason you don't see posts like that isn't because the situation doesn't exist, but because the situation isn't something that is ever going to be commented on or seen on the front page, if it's ever even posted in the first place.
0	Funny story about this kind of. One of my dad's best friends was dating a girl when he was in his 20's. This was the one girl that he finally started to hang around a lot with and get to really liking (this guy was kind of a playboy and never stayed in a relationship long). After a few months of being with this girl, he finally goes over to have dinner with her family. This girl is really pretty and he has a great personality fit with him, so why not take the next step and meet the fam right? He gets there and meets the parents, who turn out to be really kind people, and even her brother shows up to meet him. They have dinner and everything is going well, and afterwards get up to go to the living room. And then he sees it. Right there, discreetly on the table to where you almost wouldn't notice it, he sees the old family photo of the girlfriend when she was younger and just stares at it. In the photo, she has the largest pelican jaw he as ever seen in is life. And then next to that is one of her brother at a younger age, also sporting the hard to miss jaw. He turns and looks at them, while they all stop to look at him. He looks back at the photo and back and them again, and then somehow the words "What happened?" fumbled out of his mouth. The mother finally says that it runs in the family and at a certain age they all got surgery to fix it. They only stayed for a brief awkward period of time after that and leave. The next day he calls my dad and explains that he broke up with the girl. Of course my dad was like "wtf dude?", because they all knew he liked her a bit. He started freaking out and yelling "Pelican jaws man! Every single one of them! Huge fuckin pelican jaws. Imagine me having a little pelican-jawed fucker running around my house shitting his pants, I can't deal with that". Pretty dick move on his part.
0	I work at a shitty gas station/food place in the middle of a very busy intersection, so the place gets piss pounded 24/7. It's a prepay station, however the majority of the customers don't understand and freak the fuck out because they can't get gas first. Another thing is the pumps don't take American Express, so the majority of those people with the card get angry as well. The employees can't do anything about it since it's a chain store policy and they never fixed the pumps.   Recently we got budget cuts so there is usually three people working at a time. It is impossible to get food orders done so it takes a while. People scream about it  and obviously can see there is one if not two people cooking. Another thing is when an order that was a higher number goes out before one lower, they get extremely mad. It really depends on what you get, for instance yesterday some lady started bitching because she didn't get her food yet after three orders went through. She ordered a pizza for Christ sakes, it takes 20 minutes tops, it was only in the oven for 5 when she started to bitch at me because her # was 50 and orders 51 and up were done before hers.   Another thing that gets me fired up is when people bitch about the coffee. Sometimes some one says it's too cold (brewed at 200 some degrees), or there is no coffee, when there is a sign saying we don't have a certain blend, or there would only be one person at register, so they have to juggle between that and making coffee. So then they will start bitch and screaming because there isn't any, even though they just watched me make a few and had to stop to go wait on customers.   This is only the tip of the shitberg, I really don't feel like writing anymore as I am starting to get mad thinking about those cunts. I would quit if I could but I have student loans and rent and it is the only thing going for me at the moment. I think I have a few jobs lined up for me that I can break away from that hell hole.
1	Now I'm way out of my depth on this, But I imagine 2 champions (possibly yordles?), lets call them yin and yang because I'm not imaginative. One champion has absolutely 0 offensive capabilities, all 3 skills being for supporting the other has absolutely 0 defensive abilities, being an all out champ similar to velkoz minus the slow/knockup. Im thinking the support could have a skill that could be a highish cooldown stun if used on enemies and a heal if used on teammates. Then maybe they both have a skill where they can use something similar to nasus's spirit fire on the ground each with their corresponding symbol. yin (black) does damage while yang (white) blinds. when used on top of each other it could root for 3 seconds. Their ult could be to combine into a big grey champion who dishes out some serious carnage (each skill being as strong or impactful as the average ult and r giving movespeed boost so it doesnt get kited TOO hard) I'd say it lasts 8 seconds and when one skill is used the rest go on cooldown for 2 seconds so as to not 2v5 and be op. and when the ult duration is done, both champions could blow up and maybe get -10 seconds off their death timers as a trade off of sorts because a suicide skill that kills 2 players could be disastrous.
1	They really need a coach and an analyst to settle all the arguing and debates that go on with the post-loss blame game. Regi has said multiple times that he spends most of his time doing research and planning out picks and bans and general strategies.   Those jobs really shouldn't be the burden of any player. The players should be focused on maintaining their ability to compete at the top level with 4-6 champions, just enough that they can't be banned out, but not so many that they can't perform perfectly with any of that pool.   I can almost guarantee that the slump Regi's in as a player is due to the fact that he is focusing so much on trying to win the game at picks and bans that he isn't able to perform as a part of the "perfect team comp" that he's trying to make.
0	I think the friend zone is a very real thing were there is no sexual attraction but a general interest.   And I'm not speaking for all guys here but the friends that I know have this problem where they think they are either great long term boyfriend material/ husband material but fail to be interesting or  show  that they are interesting.  Show  is an important part because talk really is cheap, you have to show that you are interesting by being active and reactive.   The problem that a lot of these types of "nice guys/girls" is that although you man be stable and reliable, what good is that if you aren't fun or attractive in some way?  (doesn't have to be physically attractive, could be character or interests) Trying to attract someone by saying that you're a loyal or dependable person is like trying to market a job position by starting with the 401k package. Yes it's important, but it also shows there's not much else to offer and the relationship is probably going to be boring. There's a reason why most companies try to sell their positions as fun and fulfilling rather than it has fantastic benefits.   Another point is that dependability and niceness  can only be proven through time.  Can you guarantee that you'll be dependable and won't cheat? What if you're passive aggressive in a relationship and keep things bottled until you snap? Again talk is cheap here, and really these characteristics are meant to be discovered, developed, and worked out as the relationship progresses.
1	The spears USED to have a function based on distance back several patches. This allowed people to spear + pounce back to get more damage, however Riot 'fixed' this to add a maximum damage limit. However, as a coder myself, I wouldn't put it past another coder to lazily keep the same function, but set x to be where nid starts the spear throw (not distance apart when spear lands).  This would effectively maximize the damage at 250 % when all other code is working as intended. This would make both scenarios still plausible (unless irelia was low health?)
1	As long as the mobility comes at a cost, I don't mind the mobility. Yasuo's mobility isn't a problem because he has to have an enemy target, and he can't retarget an enemy for a time. He has to think about using his mobility to it's most. Lee Sin needs to hit a skill shot Q before jumping, or needs an all/ward nearby. Again, you have to plan and think and it's a high skill cap.   Adding in more point and click type mobility is bad, IMO. You either need to trade off damage/CC elsewhere in the kit, or suffer the too strong issue. Vi is in that space right now. She has plenty of damage and CC to go along with her Mobility, and she's not even that squishy. It is shown to be an issue.
0	Like someone already commented below. I slacked off all through high school, even slept through a majority of classes. After that I proceeded to slack off even more. Eventually, I went to a state university got a degree, but what really helped me was networking. I ended up going outside my comfort zone and met people. Then I was asked to take the place of an intern at a major pharmaceutical company. Once I graduated, I got a job at an analytical company because my executive director actually knew who I was ( I took the time to say hi to him) and he emailed the owner directly and recommended me.
1	Well the LCS Preview is for the entire LCS.   It's done once a week so it covers EVERYTHING that happened in the previous week. I understand that you may find it weird, but you have to view the EU and NA LCS as one league/program. It's like the Eastern and Western Conferences in NBA or the AFC and NFC in football.   They are loosely associated and thus the first "show" needs a recap of the previous week.   If you think the length is the issue, there wasn't much happening in EU last week. NA had many more storylines/upsets so its natural that NA will have a larger feature. It's likely that EU will have a huge feature once the ties start adding up. Reginald subbing, CLG win streak, XDG beating C9 and XDG role swaps were just too big to gloss over.   Each story would be headlines on its own, but all together there were insane amounts of volatility/drama in the NA scene.
0	Something that, for some reason, I have to say over and over and over again. One catastrophic injury, or something like cancer, more than covers the cost of increased taxes. I'll pay more in taxes if it means my whole family for 3 generations isn't in debt because I suffered a heart attack and somehow lived.
1	Because she is toxic to the game, she has a possible 1600 damage nuke on a 6 second cooldown, with a broken hitbox.   Also she has little weakness to compensate for this absurd damage, she is incredibly safe in the laning phase and throughout the game with her huge heals and her cougar "w".   Her slightly weak teamfighting can be compensated by having a disengage heavy team or seiging comp, she only has to land one or maybe two successful spears before you can engage and win a team fight because the carries are very low, or have to base to heal.   She is toxic to the game because you can miss most of your skill shots, but if one hits, you can win a team fight.
1	I was not goin to reach my goal in ranked so I am no longer stressing about going anywhere as I am stuck there for a reason.  However two week ago I went on a massive win streak and was 19-0  partially luck as I got a group of competent players every game. And started losing from time to time throughout the week. But not one was a disappointment as it was still a good team.  A streak is out of the norm because as we all know in silver you don't often get a group of players willing to play for the team.   However this week I too have seen a huge increase of rage trolling and afk it's extremely disappointing. Now what's even more interesting is I just have up on having another ranked team that is willing to work together and decided to just play norms till the reset.   I have yet to get a single team that was willing to play as a team or cooperate. Te couple wins I've had have honestly been pure luck.  And no this isn't a "oh poor me it's always my team" the other teams have had it too argument spilling into all chat nearly every game.
0	When I was little there was a picture book that my parents read to me loads of times. So many times, in fact, that I could recite the book by heart by remembering what to say each time a page was turned. One day my uncle asked me if I knew how to read. I grabbed that picture book and recited the whole thing to him. I was very young so he was really impressed. He went and got my parents so they could watch me. He asked me to read the book again. I did, word for word. This time however I was holding the book upside down.
1	Unskilled report is a placebo report. It doesn't do anything. It is there so that ragers can report their teammates who perform poorly without cluttering up the system with actual reports.   If it didn't exist, you might see ragers reporting their teammates who performed poorly but they would put other categories like "offensive language" or something, which clutters up the system and make it less accurate.   It's like giving your little brother a disconnected game controller and telling him he's "playing."
1	While I don't condone the bad manners of any of the players, professional or non-professional, I will say that you are going to have some bad apples all the time and sometimes it's entertaining (e.g. Idra- Yeah I did it :P). I do I agree the LoL community needs to improve itself, though, as it seems many pros still rage and troll in their own matches (and I won't even begin to start on regular players)   But I do think that Dyrus is one of the more well-mannered and humble people out there. Have you watched his stream? Sure, sometimes he gets frustrated, but for the most part he is polite and seems to genuinely love videogames. I've heard him talk about how people should rage in game and how it doesn't help anyone multiple times and he also talks about trying to stop his own raging. If you even look at how he acts w/in his team, he always owns up to his mistakes and talks about how he will do better. So don't single out Dyrus... he brings more entertainment and humility than more than half of the other professionals out there
0	I went to a local bar near my home town for a friend's 21st birthday and had to use my fake since it was a 21 and up establishment. When I went up to the door and showed the bouncer my fake (through the clear sleeve in my wallet) he asked me to take it out, I said "no problem dude!" After he examined my fake id for a good minute he told me he needed to see a "REAL ID". I say, "What are you talking about man that's my drivers license" He then has his manager who is talking to two police officers ten feet away from where we are standing come over and examine the fake. after looking at the id for literally five seconds the manager says word for word to the bouncer "This is a real id let the guy in, and don't bother me again"
0	Who gives a shit? I was going to write about being English and its our language. Or Americans simplifying, which is either dumb or heightened efficiency, removing unnecessary letters. Truth is, English spelling spans a time when we were invaded by Romans, Saxons (ze Germans) then Normans (le French), so the language has been meddled with at all angles hence our incomprehensible spelling system. But seriously, who gives a shit.
1	really funny video love how it goes over the upcoming changes in a humorous way xdD, please do more videos like this reminded me of
1	I keep reading all kinds of bad stuffs at this reddit, so here's me giving you options  for you to decide what was going on with maluno that day. he had:     PMS     a bad day (everyone has em)     met his nemesis (everyone has em)     black pants and black underpants       All in all, I think Malunoo is fun to watch, especially when he's smurfing with Wickd. I dont watch them for the commentary, truthfully there are better people for that. But you can see how much fun he has at times when smurfing with Wickd. If you need a reason to watch Malunoo, I'd say its to see how mundo goes this and that way, because imo he's the westrice of mundo.
1	Okay, when  I  say "broken", I typically mean that the champion is designed poorly/there is a lot of bs involved with him.   In Talon's case, he has a 700 range silence insta-blink that has near immediate followup that if not done with 3000 ping will easily get off in the 1 second window they have.  In this time the Talon pretty much  has  to kill his target, though he can use his stealth to cheese in one more auto.  Even if they are not killed, though, they will likely be severly incapacitated (heavily damaged and slowed by his Rake for 2 seconds, as well as bleeding and likely ignited).   Now, is this neccessarily OP?  No, if it was, Riot would nerf it.  They'd have to.  This is a kit that, if strong (be it through numbers or snowballing or lack of coordination on the enemy team's part, be it just your main target(s) or the team in general) will point, click and either A) Kill, and thus succeed or B) Not kill and thus, likely fail.   This system is binary.  It means for the Talon to be useful he must kill his opponent  without the opponent being able to react .  Can you do this without?  Yeah, you can do some fancy juking with the stealth and flash (as iirc flash does  not  break stealth anymore--correct me if I am wrong) but as far as dealing your bust--that is done by pointing your mouse on the target and pressing E (maybe AA) Q (maybe AA) W (maybe AA) R (insert maybe fancy stuff here, or just more maybe AA) R.   His playstyle is pretty toxic, and if he allows his opponents time to fight back they  will  win.  I never said he was OP, in fact, he's kinda weak in most situations.  Any decent squishy will know to keep their ass away from you and any decent tank will know to keep you the fuck off their asses.  He shits on Kassadin but Kassadin has a reliable lategame, Talon does not.  If the enemy squishies are smart they'll buy GA and maybe other defensive items to cock-block you.  He's not king but if he snowballs out of control he will snowball  hard .
1	If you have 1 item and the other adc has 3 then you lost hard, maybe because you were camped or outplayed, whatever it doesn't matter, the other ad obviously didn't find his adc weak seeing as he got a 2 item advantage.   So is your complaint the lane is to snowbally?  I would argue that it's less snowbally since BT was nerfed as  whoever got BT 1st had a huge advantage, as they would out trade the other adc sustain back up and increase the gap by gaining extra AD with each Cs.   Or is your complaint that you were getting pocked out of lane and couldn't life steal enough? U said you were building BotRK so I'm going to assume you had a bilgewater cutlass can dorans giving you 11% LS 1% less than 4.9 if this 1%. Is 1% really enough to put you 2 items behind?
0	11,670?](   If you can figure out how to afford an iPhone, cable, and a car on $11,670, you probably make a lot more than $11,670.   $11,670 per year is $972.50 per month. If you deduct payroll tax using  this payroll tax calculator , that comes to $186.57 per week. There are ~4.3 weeks in a month, so that leaves $802.25 per month.   An iPhone costs what, about $60-70 per month? Cable costs about $100-110 per month. A car costs what, $100-200 per month?   Let's say you pay the  absolute lowest end  of those estimates, $60 iPhone, $100 cable, and $100 car. That comes to $260.   Can you pay  your  rent, your utilities, buy food, buy clothes, and pay for your other living expenses on $542.25 per month?
1	That she wins doesn't mean she is good at it. it's the reason why most APs are not played as ADCs. their skills seem nice but honestly most ADCs just have kits that do it better. A soraka as adc is a tanky adc with less damage. A vayne with a soraka would prolly do better than a soraka+support.   I will deconstruct this-   her innate is useless for an ADC, save when facing Varus maybe. Her Q interrupts her AA, is not worth the time. her W is decent, but then again, it's just as decent when supporting a vayne or whoever. her E actually is a lot less usefull than as a support, as you, as the adc, can only utilise the silence part, not the mana part. the ult, again, just as good on the support if not better. it's in the casttimes.   When you say soraka ADC is viable you can say Janna is viable, or Leblanc, or Ahri. Because all those gals have range (like ADCs generally have) and.. well.. they have range. and the other skills are just better utilised on other roles because of casttimes and overall kit usage.   "but janna can shield herself for damage" yeah she also can shield the graves that is known as a walking AD-scaling. "and Ahri has charm and ult, and lebonk has snare" CC doesn't make you a good ADC, if you rely on skillshot cc you may aswell just concentrate on positioning yourself so you wouldn't need it.
1	Okay so how about we dont time them automatically, but certain combinations like "our blue 1302" or "ob 1302" or something writes down this time in the scoreboard.   I am highly against those countdown-style timers and I get that searching through chat is not ideal. But it dont want people to not put in the effort anymore to think about those objectives.   Eg: I want to know when blue buff respawns. Now I have to search in chat for ob XYZZ. With my changes I could hit tab seeing the timer that was noted down.   A compromise would be that the timer gets set automatically when you slay the buff, but what about those times you see them leaving redbuff with redbuff but you dont have vision over the camp.
1	School holidays man. Killer.   Can't wait for all the youngens to be back in school. I usually play during the day (shift worker). The games I usually get tend to be pretty casual/relaxed most of the time.   However, as soon as the school holidays kick in, my games during the day time turn into toxic shitfests. EVERY time. It is so frustrating. I just want to chill and play a game after a nightshift. It is something I notice EVERY school holidays   And it is the same here. The content turns to shit and becomes really circlejerky.   Maybe I am acting like a self righteous prick, but I just miss my casual league games (I play normals most of the time).
1	Wow people here are retarded and really judgemental. Lets make a pros and cons list. I  can only make assumptions though. These assumptions are very generic as I don't really know anything of his skills or situation.   Pros:     He could make it as a pro (I agree, quite unlikely, but there's a possibility)     Should he not become a pro, he will still have spent time playing a game he loves, and now has a computer that he will benefit from even after this event (providing he will use its full capacity).     This person will only have put his real life commitment at hold, and not really burned any bridges as far as I understand.     He will most likely get a really good view on what in life he should prioritize from now on.     This is a guess. But I'm guessing he has a family or friends that could let him live in their houses or leech a little from or someother backup plan. If not this is a con because either the relatives/friends will get sick of him leeching, or he will have to get a part time job or loans to keep his finances rolling.     If his schedule is in the lines of the proffesionals it's not like he won't have a social life or spare time.       Cons:     He will have effectively "wasted" 1 years time and some money in the same time. Although if his stream goes moderately known he might also earn some money so it could also be a pro.     He might have somewhat of a hard time in adjusting to real life commitments (atleast  at first).     Should he not make it, he might get very bored or sick of the game and these feelings could stay the same. This is however a pro and a con depending on how you look at it, yes he will have gotten somewhat bored of his favourite game, but in the other hand his priorities will most likely improve and his spare time boosted.
1	Urgot can absolutely destroy a lot of bot lane matches as early as level 2...especially if he has a Soraka support just pumping him with mana.   Spam Qs and autos with your shield up. You're reducing their damage with his passive, plus you have your shield up, negating even more damage, and you're slowing them from the shield's passive.   I usually go Tear, then brutalizer, then frozen fist, then cleaver, then muramana. If your opponents are building a lot of armor, grab a last whisper. Pretty sure with his cannister, plus LW and cleaver you get maximum armor shred right there, spamming his Q's and autos gives you so many fist procs that it makes ezreal jealous.   Don't use your ult to initiate big team fights unless you know you can land their carry and they'll get instagibbed. Run barrier, shield yourself and pop it when you ult in.   Your ult gives you a bunch of defense, plus shield and barrier gives you the survivability to walk out alive, along with the fist procs that will slow everyone down. Build a randuins for extra lulz.
1	only around 30 or so champions are played out of the 119   That's a lie.  >All champions should be on a level playing field and they should all be counter-able.   They are. Anything is viable in Solo Queue. LCS is different because of things like lane swaps being a problem.  >. I have never played against a rumble, and that's not right   Rumble was played all the time in S3 just because you haven't played against one doesn't mean shit.  >people dont play a lot of champions because their too weak or whatever and it needs to be fixed.   People don't play the champions because they only want to play what LCS picks.  > Riot need to change a lot of champions so they see the light of day again.   They need to change some champions who desperately need the help for some aspects.  >No champion should be considered OP.   Agreed.
1	I can do nothing but agree with Reginald in the entire issue.  The thing Kara said originally "it would be wise to stay on our good side" (or something to that effect.)  Was an utterly stupid threat.  The NESL needs top tier teams like TSM to keep viewership.  If clg and tsm weren't in it, I certainly wouldn't watch it.  Regi's response was perfect solely because it is true.  LoL doesn't have a major governing body that has control over all tourneys.  Team's such as TSM can very well play in other tourneys or just stream and make their money that way.  Then to have Kara talk about that over stream just killed NESL's credibility further.  Now, that may have opened me up to criticism, only because it is an assumption of mine that Kara is affiliated with NESL on a higher level than just casting, which very well could be wrong, although it doesn't seem that way.
1	Google clamping, or use the reddit search function.   It makes sense if you know how the system works.   Basically there is system that clamps you if your MMR is bellow the next tier threshold.   It clamped you, all the way to your last win, then the clamping was removed (you surpassed the hidden MMR required for next tier).   So you got normal gainings, and lost normal gainings. That loss though pussed you back bellow the tier threshold, so the clamping went back in effect. Stop worrying about LP in I divisions, Everybody is tired of these posts.
0	I've done this before. The other bad one is when you like a status in your news feed and realise that it is in fact the status of someone who isn't on your friends list and that it was only there because your friend commented on it. Leaves you unsure whether to unlike it or just let the poster wonder who the fuck you are.
0	Haha, see this is the problem with saying things like this in a brief summary on reddit. I'm only telling part of the story, there's a lot more to it I haven't mentioned and I'll try to clear it up below:   I never feel neglected myself due to this relationship with his parents, he always puts me first if it's a choice between them or me. i.e I was starving when were were heading to the restaurant, and he didn't say "sorry babe I gotta go see my parents" and leave me in a lurch. Instead tried to give his dad a compromise. I would have rather him just say no because he doesn't do it enough, but I can accept the solution he came up with. He's always been very good to me and I don't feel like I'm #2 to his parents. For this reason I feel like he'll always put his children first too, and won't do anything like your story above.   My only worry regarding kids is that his parents might be too demanding on how often they see our children, since they're already demanding on how often they see him and ask for his help. Ultimately the problem is more that I personally don't like how much they ask of him because he's such a great guy and they're abusing his kindness.   And he  does  say no to them sometimes, just not as often as I'd like. But I don't want to create a wedge between him and his parents, what I'm talking about is just one aspect of their relationship. They really are nice people who he's happy to have in his life, but he admits they're very manipulative. I'm here to support him and remind him that it's OK to say no, and help him not feel so horribly guilty about it. He says no to them a lot more than he used to because I've talked to him about how I felt, and I appreciate that so much. He's a wonderful, kind person and I just want him to be happy.
1	Please just add in unique items with abilities similar to Dota's items: Eg.  Force Staff: (Pushes any target unit 600 units in the direction it is facing)   Aghanim's Scepter: (Upgrades the ultimate's of certain champions)   Black King Bar: (Grants magic immunity for 10/9/8/7/6/5/4 seconds),   Ghost Scepter (Enter ghost form and become unable to attack or be attacked by physical damage, but take 40% extra magic damage.)   Skull Basher: (Gives a chance to stun for 1.4 seconds. Bash Chance for Melee Heroes: 25%/ Bash Chance for Ranged Heroes: 10%)   Shadow Blade: (Makes you invisible until the duration ends, or until you attack or cast a spell. While Shadow Walk is active, you move 20% faster and can move through units)   Scythe of Vyse: (Turns a target unit into a harmless critter for 3.5 seconds = Lulu polymorph.)   The only unique items league has that actually has an interesting active is Zhonya's, and GA every other item active in the game are actives that slow the other people eg. Randium's Omen, Rylai's, Frozen Mallet, Twin Shadows, etc
1	if you do the math, arp and ad runes are pretty much even in terms of early game dmg if you attack champions. with low armor (if you can take the armor close to zero) arp is a bit better, the more armor the enemy has, the better flat ad is (sounds paradox, but its based to the flat-arp mechanics). but if you attack minions without armor, all your arp is wasted - lasthitting, especially under towers is easier with ad.   this goes for autoattacks, for spells arp takes the lead. if you have low-cd spells with a high basedmg (think about urgots q) arp gives you a great dmg boost (again, only vs (jungle) creeps with armor or champions)
1	So my understanding, just to make sure I've got it right, is that if I'm playing Singed and I want to auto an enemy as soon as they walk out of the bush I should A + left click inside of the bush.  If I'm playing Vayne and I'm trying to run a fleeing enemy I should Shift + left click on them, especially if there are minions between us, so that if I misclick on them I will still move in their direction.  If I was using A + left click in the second scenario and misclicked I would simply auto the nearest minion.  Is that right?
1	Not a Nasus main, but I think I can help a bit with it as I've got some friends that amined him a lot and played against the dog a lot of times.   I would personally recommend Urgot vs Nasus. You wreck him until levels 1-5, where you have to start playing a bit more careful (controlling minion positioning, timing his W and being aware of his ult and Q farm) and once he gets his ult he'll end up using it for trying to survive an EQQQ combo.   There are 2 ways that nasus will try to deal with you: 1) Still try to farm Q and max it, where it will probably become a free win for you or 2) he'll max E for pushing, getting some minions and farm Q in the jungle, where you will get free farm, and outscale him since he doesn't really have much to farm when the jungle is not his but still lets him become useful faster.   If you want more metalike solutions, I usually pick Lee Sin or Renekton for going all in early and snowballing for winning before Nasus becomes somehow strong. Other possibilities might be Vladimir (you're also weak early, but not like him and your range helps you to bully him since lvl1, even though you need a lot of warding to avoid early ganks) who scales pretty well into mid/late game (not as much as him, but you'll be stronger faster and bring up a lot of damage on teamfights while still being nearly as undying as him).   No matter what you do, don't push that fast his turret. Freeze the lane. Last hit and whenever he comes to take a single minion make sure he loses half his hp bar for it. Only push if you find out that your team needs you on teamfights, and still try to never let Nasus farm a single minion by going back to lane and freezing it when he's around.
0	Teacher here: Our high school is using touch screen laptops (screen swivels so they can use it like a tablet). We are in our 4th year now and overall the feedback has been mostly negative.   There are 2 major complaints from the teachers     The majority of the teachers fall into the "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" category. They've been teaching without tablets for years the extra complications aren't worth the effort/cost. Imagine trying to make algebra more interesting than playing with a computer.   Those of us who do use the tablets extensively (since I teach a lot of programming I fall into this category) find that the students break their tablets way too often. Nearly every class I have at least one student who can't do their work because their tablet is being repaired, not working, not charged, or they left it at home. Most adults I know can't take care of  laptop for 4 years... now imagine a 14 year old with his own personal laptop. Back when we taught programming on school owned desktops these issues were non-existent.
1	What? So you're essentially saying that people in the lower picks should be punished because they're randomly placed into their team slot and now can not play the position that they feel is their strongest? I was in a game once where I was 2nd to last and I said I'd like top, and our team capt. was like "NO FU I'M TOP" and I said okay well then let's trade champs or else you'll be counterpicked and he thought that i wouldn't swap when the time came. So he was like "NO I AM TOP" and i was like fine. First pick poppy. I said in Skype to my friend who was in the lobby "Inc Olaf/Darius counterpick" and as the picks went on. Bamb. there was the Olaf. We type AS SOON AS THE GAME START, "look out for his lvl 2 damage" and what does she do? trades with him at lvl 2 and then dies instantly. 15 minutes later I remember she was 0-8. She then just did golemns and thats it. Let olaf free farm. She had 4 cs at the 34 minute mark.   She proceeded to go "how come other people can first pick top and not get counterpicked". She was warned. We ended up winning that game because EVERY other lane won. Absolutely depressing.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	While I agree that OP's response is a little hostile, I don't feel that the hostility is without warrant.  Many people on reddit like to give legal advice and often it is just completely wrong.  So it makes sense not to take the word of someone on the internet especially after you have actually already spoken to a lawyer.  That doesn't mean that the lawyer you spoke to is giving you the best advice but the source is more credible than an unknown reddit user giving legal advice.
0	Its a life choice growing in popularity with the younger generations.  With rising consumer prices, overpopulation, stagnant wages, and increasingly demanding work, it's arguably the better choice in a lot of people's lives.  This isn't grandpap's era anymore.  There is no more supporting a family on a single wage-earner.  The ability to buy a house and car fresh out of high school is nothing but a pipe dream anymore.   Today's 20-somethings are laden with student loan debt, living with their parents, and either unemployed or underemployed.  Children are a hard sell to make to this generation.  How can you recommend dedicating time and resources to a generation that has very little to spare?  Kids are living with Mom and Dad until they're 25, getting married at 30, and buying their first home at 35.  How do you tell those that have barely begun their lives that they're out of time and to make room for the next generation?
0	Inquiring into one's motives isn't necessarily criticism.  Such as your assumption of sexual frustration. That's a valid hypothesis as a motive for many of said comments. Is it Entirely accurate, no. I'm not offended.   Similarly, one here can speculate on the motives of a girl on r/gonewild. Are their speculations going to be sometimes accurate yes, all the time, no. But there's nothing wrong with one so choosing to speculate. IN fact i'd argue sometimes that's the point of reddit.   Now when one makes judgement upon morality that can be unfair. Yet We make all make unfair judgments everyday based on the slight glimpses of what we get of people. You're doing it. For all you know one of these comments could be from a psychology phd who spent his entire career researching exhibitionist. You don't know the men behind the comments yet attribute negative and patriarchal motives.
0	Pardon, I was using theory in the informal sense. I apologize if that screwed the pooch and altered the context here.   However, there is a pretty significant difference between saying "a have a hypothesis that..." and formally conducting a qualitative or quantitative historical/political science study. I'd like to think it's true, but just because it seems like common sense doesn't necessarily dictate that it holds water, you know? People devote their entire lives to researching heads of government/state and use of military. It's not as simple as  it seems legit, so therefore it is .   I took a quick look after I posted this and couldn't find any formal research on it. But if you or anyone else finds some, please share. I'm actually genuinely interested.
1	I think the majority of players are over-reacting out of fear of change.   The long and short of it is; Riot know what they are doing.   They are the game designers and we aren't, there is a large amount of mitigating information that we don't see but they do and on the whole, they are the experts. Riot is no longer a soft naked babe of a development house, they're seasoned designers and developers and analysts with battle scars and brains busting our of their skulls (and most likely mental complexes and emotional issues considering the hate they can get).   From a game developer perspective, they want to improve the playability of the game and evolve the mechanics and concepts to keep the game, fresh, innovative and balanced.   From a business perspective, they want to keep as many people playing and paying as possible. And as we've seen from the recent introduction of next-generation consoles, the consumer holds more power than we think in this day and age. (RE: Microsoft backing out on Xbox One features: DRM, always online etc.)   This means they need to find the difficult balance between innovation (which results in drastic changes) and customer satisfaction. Having such a large community brings its enormous benefits of course, but it also brings danger and uncertainity, considering the volatile nature of a meaty cross-section of the community.
1	I feel it has to do with the fact that he is very underwhelming. His damage is very subtle, he cannot do burst damage he does a lot of sustain damage though. What I mean is that you can't really see him doing tons of damage, he just will beat them with his club for a couple of minutes until they die. Think scout vs heavy.   Nobody really sees trundle being played a lot, they don't really know what to do when trundle ganks. The poo-dick is not telling you to activate derp mode and do something stupid.   I don't feel that trundle can scale with items as well as other jungle champs either. You can build tanky w/o being able to deal much damage or squishy and get like 4 auto attacks in before dieing.   Don't get me wrong, I feel that he is very strong. He is great at counter jungling and can set some gnarly counter-ganks up. I just don't get the same satisfaction as playing someone like udyr and being able to activate man mode and just maul their entire team.   I stopped playing him because he was just..boring and not really fun to play, going 4-0 in the first 12 minutes and not being able to carry is not fun.
0	Can I ask why it needs to be 100% effective on each individual?  As a biomedical researcher myself, I can tell you that "100% effective" is 100% impossible.   On the other hand, when we have high public participation rates in vaccines, we can eradicate diseases that have plagued humanity for centuries.  We don't even vaccinate for polio in the U.S. because of that success.  Smallpox only exists in laboratories anymore.   When we have lowered participation rates, the diseases come back.  We've seen it.  Measles comes back to the States from non-vaccinated people traveling in other countries.  Even if previously vaccinated people become "carriers" as you insinuate, the mere  presence  of the disease in the community is because there are  fewer vaccinated people .  So while we could probably never prove individual liability in court as I presented in my hypothetical, we  know  that as an aggregate, the anti-vaccine movement is responsible tor the return of measles, mumps, and whopping cough as endemic diseases in the United States.   I want to respect your individual freedoms, I really do--but of course you can limit  my  freedoms by spreading diseases that can be and (in some cases) have  been  eradicated in the U.S. by not participating in vaccination programs.   So if you can't take responsibility for the risk you are accepting in a court of law, how would  you  propose we balance the freedom of the anti-vaxxers with the freedom of the pro-vaccine people who wish to avoid being around people with these preventable diseases?  Other solutions like quarantining the infected restrict your freedoms even more than vaccinating!
0	It's because most people realize moderation can reach the best results. Beating your kid with a belt? That's fucked up. Giving you kid a light spank (or threat of such) or a light arm grab to divert his attention? That's fine. It's not going to permanently scar you child for life. I was got sometimes spanked and sometimes slapped as a child, but I never turned into a violent abuser. Hell, most people don't.   Quite simply, you're being downvoted because of a combination between "that's how it has always been done, so it shall remain that way" and "moderation actually works as sometimes it is needed."   And this is coming from someone that doesn't hit his child. I make sure it doesn't get to that point as he respects me (as much as a 3.5 year old can.) But if he did something so stupid and conversation doesn't fix it or he won't stop doing said thing despite being told not to, a spanking would get his attention.
1	As an Ashe main, it's hard to play Ashe every game. You really have to know when to pick her as opposed to a safer hero like Caitlyn. If the other team has a lot of hard engagers or gap closers and your team doesn't have a front line then it's nearly impossible to do well as Ashe or a similar adc like Varus. In order to play Ashe, you need to know when it's okay to pick Ashe, otherwise you're probably going to end up feeding.   It takes quite a few games to know when it's okay and when it's not okay to play her. For example, I see Nocturne as being the most difficult to deal with pick against Ashe, even to the point where I will not pick her if they haven't locked in a jungler because I know that game would be significantly more difficult to come out on top. Other picks like Leona and Maokai make me wary to pick her, but a lot of the times I can pick her anyways because I hev confidence in my play. You really just have to know how to fit her into a team comp, and make sure she's not going to get owned by the other team. She very much so fills a niche role in the game, she has her insanely powerful strengths and her incredibly abusable weaknesses, and once you know how to manipulate those you end up with a great carry who is one of the best teamfighters in the game. Otherwise, some guy just wants to play Ashe regardless of team comps and gets demolished, blaming it on the hero being shit, not himself.
1	Imo it should be common courtesy if a tournament host is streaming and asks players not to stream they should abide (even if it's not written in stone.)"   Seriously? Think about the viewers for a moment, why do people watch own3d.tv streams of NESL games instead of the official twitch.tv stream? I don't know about others but for me it's because twitch.tv's stream sucks - I can't stream 720p without lag, hell I can't even stream 240p without lag. It may be that their service is very poor for my part of the world (NZ), but then consider that I can have THREE own3d.tv Streams going at once on highest quality WITHOUT ANY LAG AT ALL. It's all about the better service, I'll put up with ads and watch if it doesn't lag and has good video quality. NESL using twitch.tv doesn't give me that, so I watch own3d streams.
1	That is not one of the actual imbalances MM takes into account, the imbalances they considered were actually the bush placement, and the dragon and baron access. Also it isn't truly unbalancing the game, it unbalances a direct facing lane, if you lane swap both teams get it, or if your top and mid do golems you unbalance those lanes.
1	Your Argument is invalid: > >A = OP champ B = complex champ > >If A is true, then B is true. B is true. Therefore A is true.   really, this is how you win arguments? by using variables instead of the word? and you are obviously missing the entire point of my argument, i never ONCE claimed that ziggs was op, HES NOT EVEN OUT YET. i just said his champ design seems to be one that is dangerous at best, as champ designs that are skillshot heavy tend to be heavy risk reward champs that are hard to balance.   > Even the most experienced players don't auto-learn in a week   I did not say you assumed that ziggs would be a problem, i said why did you assume that i thought he would be a problem on release, you re-read what I wrote before u tell me to re-read what you wrote.   tf and ez prove my point, veigar is underestimated, i haven't played in a month so i know nothing about victor, and zilean is powerful because of team synergy not in of himself. irelia has been nerfed so many times its silly, im talking about complex champions that were balanced for release, I am not saying ZOMG ZIGGS OP, im saying, careful riot, this champion design TENDS TO BE A SLIPPERY SLOPE. its very easy to make hard to land moves too powerful in the hands of someone who can land them better than a designer thinks the skill can be landed. what does gp have to do with my argument? hes a low skillcap champion, hes awesome too but thats completely unrelated. I'm not saying i do or do not want ziggs, once again you are assuming things that i did not say. im not saying that i want skill to be the determining factor, im saying that design that emphasizes skill (skill shots, longer range, slower attacks) tend to be more rewarding for people who put a great amount of effort into mastering the champion.   An example of a champion i felt could be over powered but was decently balanced was xerath. even then tho, xerath is pretty good, but his risk is high enough to put him at a big disadvantage if he misses any of his skills.   Repsonse to your edit: how is rumble not complex, his flamespitter is directed in the direction he is facing, his harpoon is a double skillshot, his ult is an entirely unique skillshot (exluding victor), and he has a complex resourceless system that allows for increased damage with proper skill management though this comes at the risk of having moves on cooldown and missing opportunities, which introduces a lot of complexity and choice.   > And you're assuming variation is a derivation of complexity.   yes, a complex kit allows more variation in that a champion can do more things in any given situation because they have more options. so absolutely complexity leads to greater variability in champion useability.
1	with cho'gath any matchup depends  very heavily  on how reliably he can land his rupture.   renekton can actually dodge the Q fairly easily if slice and dice is up, if cho tires to open a trade with it and rene jumps on him he's gunna take some hurt.   cho's pretty squishy early so he has to be careful against someone like renekton but it won't take long for cho to get to the point where he can kinda just sit there and AFK farm, as long as you don't give up early kills.
0	DEA MISANDRY?! ANYONE WHO DOESN'T LIKE DUDES THAT STARE AND JERK OFF INTO THEIR SWEATSHIRT POCKETS IN CLASS ARE OBVIOUSLY ANTI-MALE.
1	People don't seem to be understanding the changes to Kha'Zix They wanted to change how Kha'Zix can jump into the middle of the fight and leave with no problem, so they nerfed his base values and made him more centered around being an Assassin picking priority targets with his Isolation. his new Q (WITH ISOLATION) has a 2.4 bonus ad ratio, while his old q is 2.1 so at 176 you will be doing the same damage you used to, but if you go over you do more damage. This means if you build him like an Assassin, "Black Cleaver, Ravenous Hydra, Last Whisper" you will decimate but if you don't he won't gib you while building only Spirit of the Elder Lizard. Making new Kha'Zix centered more towards an Assassin.
1	For me, there is nothing more satisfying than winning a 4v5 when it does happen. And if it does happen, maybe riot can reward players for doing so with slightly more ip and elo. This will give some players more incentive to stay especially if they want to climb out of their current elo. This would be their chance.   As OP mentioned: chances of winning the game drop by 80%, and it becomes more difficult to win. If you manage to win, then you are outperforming your current elo standing since you can outplay players in your current elo as 4v5.   Having the 'free leave' when things don't look good is a great option though.
1	Just see yourself. Do you ruin games for others by duoing? If no there isn't any reason to stop. But if you feed every other game because you cant keep up with your opponents it would probably be the best for everybody if you'd take a break from duoranked until you caught up.
0	EVERYone turned clingy? I grew up working class/poor and I am not proud of this, but if this were true it would send me running. Struggle, and particularly the kind of struggle that you get from being on your own at 18 trying to afford food and an apartment makes for the kind of people I like later on. When I hear that someone lived at home for too long I am immediately suspicious...  as are most of the people that I know.
1	Actually it's probably more per day on average. I took about 6 months off from LoL. During that period TT was re-launched. The new version was out for maybe 4-5 weeks before I played my first match. After that I played  a lot . I just recently hit 1k wins on normals with my main. I've only seen one person with higher games played than me on one account. Factoring in my losses, ranked wins/loses, alts, and helping a friend level an account I estimated my games to be over 3k. It may be slightly less it may be more. If you have a few hundred games played odds are we've crossed paths.   I had semi-relevant reasons why I was playing so much. But that has started to fade. In addition to that I picked up PoE again and my workload at my job has increased exponentially.   It's been pointed out to me a couple times on the LoL forums how much I had to have played in order to get the total I have. And my reaction is very similar to the gif above.   Btw drugs are very real my friend.   This
0	Terrible Dirty Roommates Story:   So I lived in a house with 6 people, only one of which I knew prior to moving in.  This house used to be divided into a first floor apartment and a second and third floor apartment, but had a wall torn out and a door removed to make it one 6 bedroom house.   My friend I knew and myself lived on the first floor, basically in our own apartment with our own kitchen, bathroom and living room.  There wasn't much forcing me to interact with my upstairs roommates other than social interest, but I never used their kitchen and never went into it.  I would hang in their living room (it had the cable box), but the kitchen was a different room and I just had no real reason to go in there.   The roomies upstairs were cool enough.  They were fun to go to the bars with, and fun to party with.  We would play video games, watch sports, all good things.  But every time I went upstairs I would notice dirty dishes on the coffee table and generally trash every where.  They had a trash can that they would just tie up the bag but not take it out to the cans just one floor down.  So it was common for two or more full bags of trash to be tied up and just sitting by the door from the living room to the kitchen.   Any way.  One day my upstairs roommates are all not home, and just my friend and I are hanging downstairs, and we have the itch to play some beer pong (mid afternoon on a saturday, what else are you going to do).  The beer pong table, which my friend and I built, it upstairs in the living room.  So we go up there, taking some plastic cups and balls, planning on playing some pong and watching some sports on the tv.   As I walk into the kitchen to get some water for the cups I am appalled by what I see.  Each of the three windows in the upstairs kitchen had somewhere in the neighborhood of 100, yes, one hundred, common house flies, just sitting there.  I yell for my friend who comes in and is as disgusted as me.  We discussed for a moment what to do.  We could try to deal with this now, or we could close the door to the upstairs and wait for our roommates to find it.   Well, for the last several days I had noticed that there were a lot of flies downstairs, but because the front door got a lot of use, and there were trashcans just outside (bad placement I know) I didn't think much of it, but this had to be the reason.   I didn't want to wait and let these little bastards gets out of the upstairs, so we closed the door behind us, grabbed something to kill flies with (in my case a flip flop) and start bashing.   First thing I did was I went slowly to the window that was open, and the flies were mostly congregated on the screen.  The were surprisingly calm with me standing behind them.  I gently reached up to the top window and SLAMMED it down.  Trapping most of the flies between the screen and pane of glass.  Some got away, but not that many.   But just because I'm not that lucky, the other two windows were closed, with no such easy solution.  So my friend and I each took a window and started smashing.   With the first blow the war began.  My flip flop did indeed smash at leash 4 flies into goo, but alerted their comrades to the danger.  Instantly the air was full of those little germ carrying bastards.   For over and hour the battle raged on, windows were opened, flies were shooed out, but if they resisted and found a spot on the window pane, a swift flick of my wrist helped them meet their demise.   The windows were now disgusting, covered in goo.  The floor was littered with the carcasses of fallen flies.  But now the time had come for my friend and I to discover the source of this horrid situation.   Was it the trash bags?  I didn't want to wait to find out.  We took them outside.   Was it the expired food?  I didn't want to wait to find out, week threw every last expired box of food (probably half of the kitchen).   Was it the dirty dishes or the piles of clothes (the washing machine was up here too)?  Didn't want to wait.  Dishes and clothes were washed and put in cabinets and hampers.   What it seemed to actually be was their recycling bin.  The idea was to help save the environment by sending cans to be recycled, but what actually happened was my roommates had created a warm stale beer breeding ground for flies, because they never took out their trash or recycling.  We put the whole bin in a large plastic bag and threw it away.   So we swept the dead flies into a large pile and we left the dead ones stuck to the windows, because we knew that our dumbass roommates would never believe what happened.   Quick rundown now.  My friend and I, who have our own kitchen downstairs, just dealt with a biblical fly infestation, took out their trash and recycling, washed their dishes, washed their clothes, mopped the floor, and generally made that kitchen usable.  Now to be fair, three of the upstairs roommates were thankful, noting the dead pile of flies and the goo on the windows.  They were grateful for washing the dishes and cleaning the kitchen.   But one roommate, she bitched to me about throwing away her EXPIRED food.  She told me that the things I had thrown away were good past their expiration date, so it was not my place to throw it away. I was pissed. All I could do was point to the windows and say "don't you see this shit? This was unlivable.  We threw away anything that could have led to this, and expired food that had been in the kitchen for over a year could have contributed.  Also, a box of rice is a dollar, go buy a new one."   This sent her over the edge "DON'T TELL ME WHAT IS UNLIVABLE! JUST BECAUSE YOU GREW UP IN A CLEAN HOUSE DOESN'T MEAN EVERYONE HAS TOO!"   Holy hell.  Yes, that was said, in my face, in front of my other roommates who had just thanked me and my friend for cleaning.  She stormed out, and her boyfriend just looked at me in despair and said "I'm sorry." (They are married now.  Isn't he lucky?)   Anyway, just to cap off how terribly dirty these roommates were, I told them that we left the dead flies on the windows as proof of the disaster, and I said that it was the job of the four upstairs roommates to simply clean the windows.  Three windows.  Only three fucking windows.  It would have taken maybe ten minutes.  I even set a roll of paper towels and some window cleaner on their kitchen table.   Six months later.  Goo still on the windows, kitchen a mess.  The windows were not cleaned until almost a year after the event when we were moving out.  That's right.  They lived, cooked and ate in a kitchen that had dozens of dead flies smashed against the windows because they were too dirty to care.   Good gracious I am happy to not be living with them anymore.  (My friend who lived downstairs with me is still a close friend and we kept our living space clean, so living in the house wasn't horrible)
1	Sadly, you do not bring any reasoning and/or explaining into your arguments. What you said lacks any reasoning, because:   running armor will help you survive the very early game. It will become obsolete with brutalizer/BC. Bruisers and assassins without range aren't even strong early game. Take zed for example. Once he has bc and his ult he shines. Pre 6 you can pretty much out harass him with ranged AA and abilities. It will also tune down your dmg, which is the thing you need most as ap mid. Your job normally is to burst down enemies. If your enemy has a last whisper as well, the amount of money you spent on armor is simply wasted. Also, ADs have a higher cost for their final build and thus accordingly to doublelift higher stats.   Usually though, APs have more utility, like charm, taunt, root, displacement etc. So the AP role itself isnt obsolete - its just less attractive than ADs who can dominate mid lane harder. Chauster also said, mid is the most important lane in his ama - shut it down, win the game.   Theres a reason koreans favour ADs mid.
1	Cait's kit is to make her a beast in poke. Q is for poking before the team fights, W helps for laning, E is the escape, and R is for cleaning up kills.   She's got some of the longest range in the game 2nd only to trist with her passive and kog with W activated. Everyone else she has really god range on. That means in lane you're going to be hit at least twice before you can hit her once. Her range is her strength.   Q isn't meant for the fights. It's to help clear waves, poke before a fight, and harass early game. She's an early game dominating champ.   W offers great cc for a ranged ad and vision of the enemy for a long ass time.   E is slow to shoot, doesn't move much, and does very little damage. I'd like to see some buffs to this but since it's utility i don't think it's bad.   R cleans up. Your varry needs kills. People who are running away after a fight are for cait.   During a fight the ranged ad should probably just be autoing during a fight anyway.   Not every champ in the league needs to be a complex orianna or draven. that's why we have wukong, cait, annie, etc etc. There are some champs that need to be easily mastered so new players can get the feel of the game.   Is she boring? Yeah kind of. I like playing her in tough lane match ups because she's safe. Does she fall off late game? Yeah she can but with her range i can at least not be dying during every fight.   There are plenty of "more fun" champs to play, like you listed. If you want someone more fun, playing another ranged AD is probably your best bet.
1	All i can say is dont focus too hard on winning your lane. I would recommend you to play maokai a lot for now, since his tps/engages are more reliable than sion. If you feel like you can win your lane without jungler interference then by all means go for it and look out for tps, since if the jungle is not ganking you he will probably gank mid/bot and you can countergank with tp. What you can try to do is if the enemy mid lane is immobile, just push out your lane fast(which is very easy with maokai) and go for a gank attempt on mid with your W. Do not hesitate to lose some cs sometimes to win a fight somewhere else. This is soloq a marginal cs lead of your top laner means nothing if you just killed 3 guys bot or the enemy mid laner. But the most important thing is, especially since you play tanks, is to actively think about which fight to take and what to do in the teamfight. Is it better to engage their backline? should you engage somebody in their frontline with W and back off to peel with Q? Cause in the end it all comes down to teamfights. Always go through scenarios, try to imagine where the enemys are and how they will want to fight. Constantly think about whether you hard engage and zone or peel.
0	When I started working for AOL in Tucson, my first call center experience, it was amazing! People would call in with technical problems and I got paid to sit in an air-conditioned room and help them.   Then it became a sales job. They'd call in for help, and I'd have to follow some flow-chart to give them a quick-fix that didn't work 50% of the time, and try to upsell them some service. And if the fix didn't work, they'd call back and we'd have to upsell them again. And they still wonder why AOL died as fast as it did.
0	As the number of samples increases, the closer the data set comes to being gausian random numbers. So you can say the things you are refuting and be correct.
1	Well; rumble has never been bad and is incredibly fun. The issue wasn't that rumble changed it was more that toplane changed. The fotm has shifted rumble back into viability. This is due to champs like irelia, warwick, and riven not being your standard toplane champs (as they are your general im going to fuck rumbles face champs) and champion picks like malphite and olaf are starting to dominate the scene.
0	There is an implication of luck to the word accident. The concept that we didn't have reasonable control over the situation.   For example: When somebody rear-ends you, then you had an accident. When you rear-end someone else, unless there's some mitigating factor, you were negligent.   This guy had reasonable control of his weapon, and chose not to exercise it by removing the ammunition and double-checking the safety. This was no accident. This was negligence to the point of  begging  for trouble.
1	I love how reddit is agreeing with freeze, based on freeze's opinions. Both k0u and freeze are obviously completely opposed from each other and therefore completely biased. None of the stuff they say could even be close to the truth. Reddit like always, looks at stuff as if it was obviously someone's fault when most likely 90 percent of the shit that goes wrong in this world its both side's fault. I really hope some day people get that shit isn't just black and white.
1	IIRC, Blaze hasn't played a competitive match since the Champions Spring finals against MVP Ozone, which was less than a month ago. Before that, they were on a 13-game win streak, and were the clear favorites to take the entire tournament. They arguably didn't underperform against Ozone, but instead were completely unprepared for the strategic brilliance that Ozone brought to the table. To be honest, nobody had expected Ozone to win against Blaze (or SKT2, or KTRB for that matter), and Blaze's split push/slow push strategy had been undefeated for WEEKS.
0	I had surgery on my sinuses. About a week after it felt super clogged. I was doing nasal rinses, but was told not to blow my nose too hard for a few days after.   Well I figured now was the time. I did a nasal rinse and blew and blew. It felt like my head was a rattle and I had junk rolling around behind my eyeballs, but little to nothing came out. I did a second nasal rinse. I blew.   I blew hard and finally obtained results. I could feel web-like stuffs coming out of me, I just closed my eyes and continued until finally my nose was clear. My head felt empty, like the greatest relieving ear pop you've ever had, clear and crisp. I looked down and witnessed the horror. It was a muddy red snot. It looked like the afterbirth of a sizable mammal. I wondered if some of my brain was in there.
0	a couple months ago an off duty cop got a case of road rage, pushed the other car off the road, and shot him in the face.  other guy died, off duty officer got paid leave and eventually resigned without indictment.  the officer claimed that the other guy had a gun and had threatened him, but no gun was found other than the one he was shot with.
0	I am calm, I am chill.  I am having a conversation about an old phrase and people's propensity to view their own preconceptions as indisputable facts, as your original language would have me believe.  I'm not sure where you are getting this as text doesn't accurate carry tone (did I raise my voice?).   The only thing I said directed at you was since you did either intentionally or unintentionally misrepresent your opinion as fact, I believed you were not justified in claiming you made no mistake.  (egg on face being a reference to being embarrassed over a mistake).   I am not attacking anyone.  Attacking you would be calling you an idiot, commenting on your mothers personal life, or other such unrelated nonsense.  I merely attempted to point out that too many people often post their personal opinions as facts only to backpedal afterwards.  It would help in many areas if we all used sources and didn't tout non-expert opinions as facts.
1	not too long ago a friend of mine quit lol and gave me his acc. it was bronze 2. my main is currently gold 5 so im not that good of a player. all i can say to you is that u need to able to play midlane. from my POV mid is the lane that will help u to snowball the game the hardest. i've played panth mid most of my games and had lots of succes. that acc is currenly silver 2 i think, i was able to get out of bronze in a few days just by playing singed and panth. u need to snowball games. u need to literally carry 1v5. otherwise u relly on ur team mates. pick hyper carrys as ryze, vayne, singed, panth or riven and bitchslap other players. edit:sry 4 my english.
1	not sure if
0	In all honesty, i find it intresting what people care about these days. So to make it short here's a
0	might be? i guess it's a good thing we're in 2014, cause in the 30s and 40s in europe your 'might' would easily have been an 'is'. shitty people pass shitty genes and have shitty families, doesn't take a degree from oxford to figure that one out. rich people have stuck up kids that know nothing about responsibility or how their actions affect the world because you spoil the shit out of them and then, because of your salary, they are given the finest education, see we elevate the shitty kids in society not because they're good people but because they have money, then these kids who don't know how to wash their own clothes are going into college trying to be the next ceo. shitty people ruining the world. or the opposite, the poor spectrum. kids aren't raised with money, so they learn how to take it by stealing, drug dealing, killing. in a society that does very little to fix the problem, they [the shitty rich kids who run the country that we mentioned before] cover it up, because theyre shitty kids, they're spoiled, they've never seen drug addiction or a drive by, so they try to diagnose the issue that they know nothing about behind a 600,000$ salary in DC, like putting band aids on cancer patients, you've never confronted real fear or poverty, but you think you know everything, so you think giving them free health care and the whole lot will make them more active and want to get better jobs, but it does the opposite doesn't it? and then we have shitty people like the dude who started this post, and it just revolves and revolves and revolves around bullshit.
0	Oh Fuck it, I'll be downvote queen for a day:   NO, Stop being selfish and look at it from your parents point of view.   You get no instructions that says "This is normal" and "This is not - you need your child to see a psychiatrist."  So, when your child does something that is not the child you know and love, your first thought is "Oh no, what have I done? Did I accidentally do this with an off-comment, or not paying enough attention?  Did we show them PG rated movies at a G age? " So first, the parent freaks out.  It can't be stopped.  Next, the parents look to each other - is this what THEY did at this age?  Was this the right time for these things?   When that comes to a loss, you look to your closest friends and family, if the parents feel they are trustworthy.   It doesn't matter what stage the child is at.  at 1, it's biting.  at 3, it's stripping suddenly and tantrums.  7 it's learning disabilities. at 9, it's language.  12+ sex and friends. and on and on and on.   IT DOESN"T STOP.  It's a constant rollercoaster of anxiety and stress and personal blame.  "Jimmy burnt his hand on a pan.  I must not have taught him "hot" well enough.  It's my fault he has to cry." "Audrey came home crying because she was made fun of in Gym class for not having black shoes.  It's my fault she hates gym now, I wish I could have seen into the future and saved her from this pain." "Tabitha has a girlfriend.  And Roy has a boyfriend.  Did we push them into this by being too open & okay with who they are?  When they break up, it will be our fault for somehow not teaching them how to be saved from this."   Any good parent is consistently trying to save their child from the pain of growth and learning.  the only resources we have to do this is other parents that have been through this and have raised stable children.   By the second or third child, it's easier to tell warning signs (or so I have heard).  By then, your parents won't freak out over the little stuff, and will know when it is serious.   But you first children?  You're screwed.  Your parents are scared.  ALL THE TIME.  They are going to over-react.  Give them a break.
1	Hmm okay, these are 3 completely different champs:     Yorick: He has high sustain and poke, but dont underestimate his 1v1 straight up fighting power. Just max E as Nid, keep healing, harass him, as he pokes you and try to trade well, use the brushes to your advantage. Don't try to full out engage pre lvl 6. After it will be pretty much decided by who got poked how much by the other. The one with less life is more likely to loose a straight up 1v1.     Jayce: Nearly same mechanics but he got no natural sustain. He has pretty good poke and a very good straight up 1v1 fighting kit. So again keep poking, use the brushes to deny vision, keep healing yourself and don't fight all in pre 6. Again the one with lower hp is more likely to win a straight up 1v1 fight.     Darius: He is more like a all in champion, his only poke is his q, try to avoid that by csing in human form and you should be fine, keep poking him and healing yourself and if hes low enough try to engage on YOUR terms! But keep in mind his ult does ~300/600/900 true damage on 6/11/16, he has a very very strong all in kit.
0	No better time to throw that one out there.   Short tale, my friend was at a club in Providence RI (he 22) and he started chatting up a cougar (age early 40s). She is liking the attention as he is obviously hitting on her. She tells him she is married and my friend come back with this one, 'Is it a happy marriage?'  Turns out it wasn't that happy a marriage and he ends up fooling around with this married lady.
1	It's very hard to shut down master yi in lane, especially if your champ doesn't have any CC's. Just be sure to be able to keep up in farming.   Master yi is a really strong pusher in lane so you need a champ that can clear creeps fast too. Stand a bit away from your minion wave to reduce the chance of being hit by his alpha strike bounces. Never go near your wave if you have only 3 creeps because his AS will hit you 100%.   Harass him. Sure he has meditate, but at low levels it has a long CD and its healing is manageable. Before he goes back to buy items, he won't have enough mana to spam both heal and AS so be sure to try to damage him when he's safe.   Lastly, prevent him from roaming too much by constantly clearing creepwaves. Do not allow him to snowball other lanes. If your others lanes are doing ok, Master yi won't get too much resets in team fights. A master yi that doesn't get resets in team fights is very manageable and you should be more useful than him.
0	I just wanted to dispel something before this thread got too out of hand. I DO have currently have friends to celebrate my birthday with. And a wonderful, wonderful wife.   I get depressed during my birthdays, and I'm think many other people do for similar reasons. I didn't have a lot of friends growing up. I was always too embarrassed to invite schoolmates over to my place. My parents were immigrants and I always felt like my household was too poor and too weird (minority) for my white friends to hold a party. It was also right after the school year, so it was even more awkward for me to think about calling up schoolmates that I never hung out with outside of school. Not having childhood birthday parties with friends was very depressing as a kid, and it's one of the few reasons for me to still get depressed as an adult.   I apologize immensely if I misled anybody in this post. I should have told everybody sooner than now. Seeing so many redditors come out and mutually celebrating not only my birthday, but the birthdays of so many other redditors was too good of a feeling. I just didn't want to stop people from celebrating.   To any redditors who feel cheated by me, I am very, very sorry! Please continue to shower birthday wishes upon those who deserve it!   To any redditors whose birthdays are today (or tomorrow or any other day) and feel Forever Alone: You are not alone! You will always have the reddit community. You will likely have your family. You will likely have friends around you that you didn't realize. And if you don't, you can send me a message and I'll try call you up myself and wish you a happy birthday! (I apologize in advance if I am a day or two late.)
1	I support main bronze I and I try and be a good teammate and fill if someone who has higher pick priority wants support. I unfortunately am terrible at mid and often get stuck playing it. Any other position I feel like I can play well enough so my team can win the game but when I mid it always seems like I lost it for our team.
1	Goddamn this interview just twists my stomach. I know Riot Games is a business and they need to make money but their continual focus on revenue generation is made all the more apparent in the answers to these questions. Let's review what I'm talking about.   Riots Highest Priority Features:   New champions.  And not even the ones that are good for the game but ones that are "most popular". This is a direct source of money through both champions, single champion packs, skins, and multi-champion packs.   Two very scary points mentioned:     It takes months to get a champion from the drawing board to release. This means that even if Riot stopped designing new champions TODAY, we would probably end up with eight or more new champions. When Maokai is released we will have 70 champions.     "How many champions do you guys have in development?" "Quite a few", they say. No one has mentioned when they will stop. They have no intention of stopping. This game will support over 120 champions by the time it's all said and done. Un-fucking-playable.       Riots Medium Priority Features:   Tribunal.  Only because it would alleviate their need to add non-income generating customer service staff. They can't handle the tickets as it is, so why not let us handle them at a minute fraction of the cost.   Graphics Engine.  As evidenced with their priorities on adding Co-Op Vs. AI and improved bots, the graphics engine update is a feature that caters to new players who are more likely to spend money on purchasing champions.   Riots Low Priority Features:   Ranked 3v3 solo queue.  Only going to work on it if there's an overwhelming request.   Mastery Pages.  Prioritizing the feature against other things we want to work on.   Banning free champs.  The feature will have to be prioritized against other features in development.   New map.  Not even gonna start working on it. "We decided that [...] we would build it on the new graphics engine."   Riot is only causing their own demise. As they release more and more champions, ignore more and more non-revenue generating requests, and cater to their new shareholders this game is going to become unplayable.   "Welcome to League of Legends! We have 120 champions, two maps, and our client is as reliable as Internet Explorer. You start with zero champions and they all look retarded! Buy this and that and you won't look like a scrub. We don't have any features that would let you take us seriously as a competitive sport such as replays or observer mode. No reason to, though, as having this many champions is impossible to balance!"
1	here is what I posted on the main forums   -So your first statement seems to be tied to the fact that minion pathing of super minions may get blocked by the caster and melee minions in front. One might suggest that moving the super minions to the front fixes this but, since the first thing a regular wave of minions will now fight are the super minions, they will be completely annihilated since not ever a full minion wave can fend off one super minion, let alone a super minion + a regular wave of minions. This would lead to even faster pushing than what is live today   One possible solution I can suggest is making them able to ignore unit collision.   .   -This is a very good point and one that I was unaware of (I thought that they would have the same range as caster minions). I suggest making them have the same range as caster minions OR make it so that they spawn after caster minions  but before melee minions (when they come out of the nexus, they spawn as melee>cannon>caster every third wave).   .   -Yes I do find this quite odd. On the flip side, when an Inhibitor gets destroyed, there can still be a few normal waves. While one might say that these would counter each other, it does seem backwards that when Inhibitors get destroyed it means start defending 0-60 seconds after it was destroyed and 0-60 seconds after it respawns (because you can clear the waves as soon as they spawn, preventing the least amount of super minions from spawning as soon as the Inhibitor respawns). One solution is when an Inhibitor gets destroyed, a super minion gets added to each available wave in that lane and when the Inhibitor respawns, remove all super minions in that lane.   Another solution can be to promote a melee minion in each available wave and demote each super minion for that lane. This would also solve the fact of the minion pathing and may not push the lane as hard as it is on live since we are effectively removing a melee minion. I like this option as it makes more sense since super minions are exclusively melee minions and promoted minions are exclusively cannon minions on SR. You can even think of the inhibitor as a sort of suppressing power (hence inhibitor) that limits a melee minion from becoming its Super Final Form!   .   -I find it unfair that if for some reason a inhibitor is destroyed extremely early in the game, say before the 15 minute mark, you have absolutely no chance of getting back into the game, because not even one champion can fight off super minion waves (see  top proxy strategy .  Perhaps change the health equation a bit?   .   -My last thing about super minions is that you spend all that work trying to kill a 3K health minion (mind you it is near impossible to reach 3K health on a champion by the 22.5 minute mark) and you only get 27 gold (fixed amount)????? Can we have that amount increase as the game goes on? It would just make it unfair for people to recover when not only are you defending your base, but you are robbed of cannon minion gold for gold that is slightly more than a regular melee minion.   .
1	The actual thing is more about effective-hp efficency. Lets say you have 1000 hp and 0 armor compared to 500 hp and 100 armor. In both cases your effective health(the amount of not-reduced damage one can sustain) is the same. Thats where lifesteal/heal/shields makes difference. You have to lifesteal twice as much health in first example then in second. However if you have tons of resistances and low hp and still want more eHp, you can buy warmog. Though I don't think that any champ would want to buy 5 pure defensive items and boots.
1	Lol playability and skillset does not require high apm or sick mechanics, doesnt mayter how good you are or how fast you are you wont make.use of it on league.as Doublelift said (widely known as one , if not the best mechanical player in the game) league is way more about general game sense/awareneas than mechanics, you can practice hard and improve ur mechanic skills quite quickly but improving in the game as a whole is way harder than it seems and takes alot of time and practice..   what im trying to say is that dyrus is a very, very strong league player and thats part of the reason people watch him, besides his amazing persona that every1 loves
1	I don't understand this mentality. "TSM, CLG prime are a disgrace". How so? You say they were at the top for a long time but let's actually take a look at it:   CLG was at the top during S1 back when there was NO asian scene and the EU scene and the NA scene had very little interaction. This was also back when Jiji was a god among mid laners and dominated pretty much every matchup. For some reason people expected Jiji to maintain that level of dominance and for some reason they also expected NO ONE ELSE to get better at the game. Doesn't make sense.   TSM dominated the NA scene for several months running after picking up Dyrus. However the asian scene was starting to pick up (and many of the top players in the asian scene are actually just players that used to play on the NA servers but moved over when asia started to get their own servers). Asian teams and M5 in particular then exploded into the scene with their new and foreign (as in unrecognized, not as in "lol foreign from overseas) playstyles.   If you continue to look at the trends, M5 dominated for a period of time, TPA dominated S2 finals, Azubu Frost/Blaze dominated OGN.   Am I the only one here that's actually excited at the fact that not one team seems to be crushing the opposition everywhere? This past IPL showed us just how unbelievably good the competition is getting, how good the teams/players are getting. The most basic fact for why NA seems to be doing so poorly currently is just looking at their teamwork (and in some cases basic mechanics) you can tell from an objective standpoint that they just aren't as good as some of the EU/Asian players. You can't honestly look at Scarra or Jiji for instance and say they are definitely on par with Misaya, Froggen and Toyz. Or how about Hotshot and Dyrus being on par with Shy, Caomei and Darien? The level of mechanical skill tends to be a little lower in NA right now, the level of teamwork is definitely not there either, but to say that we're a disgrace is a long shot.   Doublelift can compete with other world class ADs, Nyjacky and Xpecial are also pretty stellar players. Chauster has yet to really make an impact in the jungle so far but his performance til now gives me high hopes. A lot of the other newer NA teams are also nothing to be ashamed of. These are people that have other lives and other priorities and still can put together a decent team. Mandatorycloud, Aphromoo, Lemongod, xHazzard are all good players. These new teams really haven't had time or the opportunity to develop a strong sense of teamwork  against top level teams .
1	I should have rephrased the line about him being an upgrade. My point is that many people assume that he's inferior but if he was inferior in every aspect he wouldn't have been chosen - there was enough for TSM to believe he was 'better' than Xpecial in one way or another. As you've pointed out a lot of things imply that TSM will perform worse but we have no true indication aside from player opinions. I'm just providing counterarguments to the assumption that they'll 'obviously' be worse, because I believe there's a similar amount of evidence that they'll be better   my
1	Once upon a time there was a mystical ring called Zhyonas Ring, he was the most powerful piece of magic any mage could ever asked for. But for the great boss (Riot) was it too strong so the split it up into Rabadons Deathcap and Zhyonas Hourglass.
0	I disagree, it's mainly a social issue. Guys ask girls out; society has set those rules. I don't necessarily like them and I think a confident girl asking a guy out is very very sexy. But, with that said, just because I don't like the rules means I'm not going to play.   I see this same thread every week. While there are many different situations for everyone, as a generic rule for Redditors who find themselves here... you need to grow a pair and ask her out. You know why "assholes" get all the girls? Because they're the ones that talk to girls to pick them up.   They aren't interested in friends. They have friends. Talk to girl with the intent to go out with them/"pick them up". If you talk to them as if they're your friend because you either a) don't want to impose or b) don't want to ever get rejected, then  you're the one sending mixed signals . If you're talking with a girl and you think she wants to go out with you (based off body language or whatever), just sack the fuck up and ask. Don't wait for her to ask you out because you'll find that "some asshole" who just walks up and actually asks her out will scoop her up from under you.
0	Close.  "If you find a man seeking only the affection of those who are great, depend upon it he is ambitious and self-seeking; but when you observe that a man seeks the affection of those who can do nothing for him, but for whom he must do everything, you know that he is not seeking himself, but that pure benevolence sways his heart."     Charles Spurgeon
1	Huge fan of Shyvana Jungle from Season 2 and i was very excited seeing that Riot was going to be revamping her.  On the night of her newest PBE release I played with a few Rioters and told them my feeling how she seemed effective in lane.   Shyvana deals a good mix of damage while being a melee range tank.  Based on hot Shyvana effectively deals AoE damage on basically every ability she needs to stand in the opposing team to be useful. Shyvana's abilities were not changed, only their numbers and effects were.   The problems I see however is what itemizing as and against Shyvana details. Shyvana's E allows you to deal % HP as magic damage per AA.  This damage is almost zero'd out by a purchase of Spirit Visage, a very common item for top-lane champions right now. There is nearly no reason for Shyvana to itemize into Magic Resistance Penetration as items which have these stats do not have components required for an effective build.   As Shyvana you have two options for itemizing yourself. You can either attempt to build for tank in your early game with an item such as Sunfire Cape or a Spirit Visage of your own. Which leaves your damage to being easily countered.  OR you can go for a VampSceptor item, either BotRK or Ravenous Hyrda to maximize your potential to stick to your target or your ability to deal AOE damage and Split push.  This however leaves Shyvana with little in terms of defenses until she his 6 and receives the passive she does rather rely on to be a tank.   Over all, I still enjoy playing Shyvana, but I do see problems with her play in lane. I will certainly look to test your guild myself before I say more...
1	EDIT: Let me explain why Lee Sin, and the mechanical overload school of design is an issue. > - Incidental power. Q should reveal enemies on hit because you should be able to tell where they're going before you jump in. Why should his E? It has limited application in most situations, but it can invalidate a few champion abilities like Wukong's W or Akali's W. > - His E leaves no option to fight. When your attack is slowed, you want to run. When your move is slowed, you want to attack. Combining the two effects makes for frustration. > - The more mechanics you cram on a character, the more difficult it is to keep each individual mechanic balanced AND satisfying, e.g. an ability with 20% movement slow AND 20% attack slow will outshine the one that only has 20% movement slow; thus it follows that the ability with more effects should have reduced power--say, 10% movement and 10% attack slow. However, at some point you'll hit the threshold at which the effect is so weak it no longer feels satisfying.     I thought the whole point of a blind champion was that he had other ways to see?  The point of Tempest having the reveal is to grant more certainty when chasing enemies, and TO SERVE AS A COUNTER TO tactical stealth.  Or is it so terrible that Lee can press E instead of reactively dropping pinks all the time?   What about...I dunno, Wither, Ice Blast, Absolute Zero, Crippling Strike, Glacial Storm, Randuin's Omen...just saying, but you guys have a ton of AS/MS hybrid slows in the game.  Let alone guys like Gragas or Malphite who can land both their MS and AS slows together with very high reliability (Body Slam > Barrel Roll is mostly reliable, Malphite just goes full Sona Stance).   Requiring a 10/10 split to equate a full 20 is a logical fallacy, because it's judging a single ability in a vacuum.  In particular, the 10/10 split (basically Lee, since R1 Cripple averages at 10/10 with decay) would be specifically for a dueling champion as a way to win 1v1s, whereas a 40/40 slow would be designed as a high utility move designed to shut down and kite autoattackers.     Also, you're over-rating Lee's kit.  This it what it really is:     Passive is a temporary AS buff + resource sustain (necessary, since nothing else in his kit regens energy)   Q is just a damn skillshot gap closer with damage.  The reveal is primarily for scouting and anti-juke.   W is a Shield/Vamp self-buff with  conditional  dash (read: "Insec" is shorter-ranged than regular dashing).  There's an ally shield, but when used as an ally saver it's rather negligible unless comboed with E or R...and then you're out of cooldowns.   E is a PBAoE AS/MS slow with a reveal.     Step back for a second.  What does this really read as?  Because to me, it's just a guy who's good at dueling but has practically all his utility loaded into ONE cooldown that requires you to be in melee range.  If he can't deal enough damage to duel, then what's left is just an annoying asshole who's hard to catch.   As for his Ult?  Sure if you want to inflate the list then it's a "Knockback-Knockup-Execute", but to me it's a nuke with a heavy punish conditional for a melee champion (knocking target away) and two HEAVILY conditional bonuses.  Yes, the conditional is punishing because if the enemy intervenes somehow (shields, heals, damage reduction, etc) then the enemy can actually be in a BETTER position than before you used it.  Also, when it comes to the knockup, even with all the skill in the world it's hard to use reliably unless the target is completely stationary.
0	He wasn't sexualizing himself in the shirt, he was sexualizing women, which feminists found offensive.   That is your definivition of expressing your sexuality, but it doesn't need to be everybody else's. He might presented with his shirt what physical features his ideal sexual partner has, which can be an expression of sexuality in itself. He might also just thought that it was a cool and / or funny shirt to wear to light the mood.   But comparing that shirt, that just showed good looking women in lingery with a "Kill all men" shirt says allot about this discussion.   It is a issue in search of a reason. A man wearing a shirt with sexy women on it is about as sexist as a white man wearing a shirt that displays Jay Z in a gangsta pose is racist.
0	Just because it has become synonymous doesn't mean it is accurate or correct, or even less confusing.   Let's check accurate:   Did they immigrate?  Yes Did they do so legally? No   Illegal Immigrant -  It is only derogatory because a majority of people feel negatively towards the activity of cheating.  Do not confuse this.  It is absolutely cheating.  There is a line of people waiting to come here that wraps around the planet twice. These people are cutting in line.  (This is the same distaste some feel for welfare recipients.) The fact that some feel we should be more compassionate does not the term inaccurate or 'wrong'.   (
1	IIRC bonus RP usually only counts if you buy it using some sort of credit/bank card and buy it directly from the Riot store.   Might as well use it now since you don't get a bonus from using the 50$ RP card.   Look at the bottom of the "Purchase RP" tab:   Copypasta incoming...   "One of the core values of Riot Games is being open about what's going here and why we make certain decisions.  If you live in Europe you may notice that the amount of Riot Points we give you for the same price may vary by payment method.  Using a credit card, 5 Euros may get you more Riot Points than using an SMS.   We put a lot of thought into the decision to have different pricing by payment type.  After all, either way you are giving up 5 Euros (or Dollars, Pounds, etc), why wouldn't you get the same Riot Points either way?  We have deals with different companies to provide different payments.  They actually all take a cut of the Euros you pay, but the amount they take is different (it's actually different by country too).  We could have given out Riot Points equally across payment methods by using an average of the different payout percentages, but we didn't want to penalize and raise prices on our "cheapest" forms of payment, credit cards and PayPal.  It also made sense for us to encourage players to use those "cheaper" forms of payment, since we get a larger share of the money you spend.   So what we do is, when a payment type is less expensive for us, we pass that benefit on to you in the form of more Riot Points.  You get more Riot Points per Euro when we get a higher share of the amount of Euros you pay.   Because the payouts vary by country (because the deals we have vary by country, especially with SMS payments where different countries have different wireless companies), and they vary by time (with currency fluctuations, and when a better deal is negotiated), it's not a simple task to list all your options.  The best way to find the current prices is to go to the store in League of Legends."
0	There is one big thing that most guys do not understand and I am so glad that I just realized. Nothing about a guys body is inherently attractive. As a guy, I love boobs and I love butts. Hell, I even think Vaginas are really pretty, so the vast majority of woman in half decent shape will have a quality that turns men on.   For guys bodies, everything is different because nothing is inherently attractive about a guys body. Girls like nice arms, a nice chest, a well formed back, and abs as well as other parts of men's bodies. The difference between these what girls and guys find attractive is men have to work for these things, so we have to actively go to the gym. To make matters worse, it is hard to actually do these things correctly, and almost everything men do at the gym can be sacrifices something. If we want to get bigger, we have to eat a lot, which makes people more muscular but also fatter. If we want to get toned, we have to lose weight while training to maintain the muscle that we have, and this is also difficult. In essence, men have to work to shape their bodies while woman can maintain.   Some people see this as a curse, but it is a gift. Unlike woman, We can actively work to make ourselves more attractive. We can actually completely transform our bodies, and become the strapping men that woman want.
0	That's fair.  I'm overgeneralizing and unfairly homogenizing.  When we talk about generations as if they're a corporate entity, it's hard to avoid.   And you're right, we should be trying to help and change things, not just bitching and moaning.  Casting blame isn't going to change things.   But I do think it's fair to criticize the decision to be short-sighted with investments.  In part because seeing those decisions as failures will help us commit to making the decisions now that we should have been making all along.   And it's not wrong to observe that these past failures are falling disproportionately on Millenials, particularly since our opportunity costs and late-start costs are so egregious.  We deserve something for shouldering that burden.  Whether that is student loan forgiveness, inflationary monetary and fiscal policy, just some credit and patience or something else, I'm not prepared to say.  I guess I would like it if older generations would get out of the way and start helping if we want to change the economic system.   One further quibble: if you think that everyone had a fine chance in the past, I think you're mistaken.  Detroit has been suffering sky-high unemployment for a long time.  Sure, some people might have moved to another state with growing numbers of low-wage jobs (e.g. the south), but those who are in trouble now could always move to an English-speaking part of Africa or India with a growing economy.   Also: I don't know what you mean by "noise".  Sorry.
1	If I'm Jungler and you don't have flash you'll be sharing your lane with me cause I'll be camping you into the last division. I played against a teemo with exhaust ignite, poor guy. Some say he's still afk till this day. I'm only Gold IV and I get the giggles when I see a champ without flash cause I know I'm gonna feed my laners like an obese child.
1	The worst community in league would be from Singapore, I played in that server until i got to diamond 4. The amount of toxicity and rudeness of the players is beyond me. Maybe because Rito do not manage the servers there. There is no tribunal hence toxic and troller are left unpunished and free to roam the Summoner Rift as we speak. For now im playing in NA server where the community is 10x better. Sorry for my bad English, it is not my first language.
1	Twisted Fate is all about positioning with your ult at lvl 6 and beyond.  In lane try to farm and harass a little bit, and be sure to play safely. If you die 2-3 times in lane without you getting kills, you practically become useless.
0	Most do not. I would also say that there was no need for most of the deaths. There was no need for them to even be in a position to be heroic.   I didn't join because the facts did not support the claims. Iraq was not a heroic war. You can be heroes to each other, but they were not threat to the US. As a civilian, how is someone fighting a nation that was never a threat to me heroic? In fact, Iraq has groups that are more of a danger to the US now than under Saddam.   Afghanistan was a different story since there were actual threats to the US there. But I would argue we made the same mistakes as the Soviets in the 80s and we have really stirred the pot some more. While we are occupying? Great. Once we leave, not so much.
1	Sona is the easiest to play, but hard to master because of utilizing her passive. If you want more damage, max q, if you want more sustain, max her heal first.  Try to use her Q + autoattack when damage boosted combo in lane, but just be careful of her early low health.   Janna is one of the safest supports, but can go full aggressive with a good tornado.  Shield the ADC when enemies try to poke, to reduce the amount traded. Shield turrets when waiting for ADC to come back to lane. Max your sheild, followed by your slow first. If you hit a tornado, immediately follow up with your slow and shield the adc for extra damage when they go in to trade.  In team fights or in lane, use your ult to completely nullify hard engages.   Lulu is my favorite, I main her (obviously) and love everything about her in lane. With Lulu you have to poke, or you are waisting her. I pick up that mana regen pendant, three wards, two hp pots, and a mana pot. Use your E + Q to harass early, and KEEP DOING it, eventually they will be widdled down and forced to back, or stay and die. This takes a lot of mana, which is what the mana potion is for. After you are out of biscuit and mana potion, try to poke less, but the point is to win early by using your mana greedily.  I can't count how many times the adc felt safe under tower, and I would speed boost myself with w, E them, then Q them after getting out of tower range for a kill.  A lot of people underestimate Lulu's early damage.  But if you are going up against a lane that can out-poke you, just play her more like janna and shield your adc in trades and use your w to disengage (one enemy or on your adc when appropriate).  Her ult is pretty self-explanatory.   Alistar is easier than people let on.  If you're up against a poke lane, just max heal and wait for flash to be up. IF you know the enemy adc doesn't have flash, or just wasted their escape. (LIke ez arcane shifted to last hit, or cait was derping around and netted to get closer to you're adc to trade) flash onto the ADC, run through them, then headbut them back away from their support and closer to your adc. Its almost an instant kill.  Ali is there to help your adc snowball, but you gotta risk it to get the biscuit. In team fights, use your combo on the enemy adc, then focus on peeling for your adc, because alistar is a worthless cow after his combo is over due to his high cooldowns.   Thresh, there's a reason he is banned still. Here's how I play thresh and I find is successful. If you get a lucky hook, follow up on it for sure, but people have been getting smarter and picking lanes with alistar or leono to try and counter thresh. The most important thing to remember with him in lane is be a dick with his flay passive. Evrery time it gets maxed out, auto attack their adc when they come up to last hit, or their support if you cant reach the adc. It does so much damage that I take so many kills by auto attacking when trading that I dont even mean to take.   Leona is said by many to be the best soloqueue support, but I tend to disagree. Her engages need to be followed up on because her passive is completely worthless without a teammate, and the jungler needs to take advantage of her heavy cc for her to be effective.  Sometimes in solo queue, you are not that lucky to have teammates like that.  After the creep wave pushes, start your W, E onto the adc, Q them, then stick. It's pretty simple, and everyone knows how to do it so i"m not gonna focus on that. What you have to remember with Leona is she can be very squishy without her W up, so once again this requiures teammates who know that about her for her to be effective. What I mean is, when you engage their adc, your adc will engage usually using their gapclosers to get closer. When your W wears off and explodes, thats usually a good time to call the trade finished and take your advantage when you have it and wait for the next enagage. ADCs, at least in the lower leagues where you will be starting, don't accept anything less than a kill and will stay in the fight, forcing you to try and protect them. But since your W is down, and stuns are down, and leona does about as much damage as blowing air into someone's ear with her auto attack, you can expect to die.
0	I work at a fairly popular franchise restaurant and have been noticing for a while that servers complain a lot about not getting tips. I am not a server, but I often find them to be kind of inconsistent in the effort they put into serving, so one table will receive more attention and effort than another.   I also find myself often helping out various servers (all the while doing my greeting, seating, and busing duties) and it doesn't really seem like they always need the help but I prefer not to get into conflict at work.   So essentially, I have been developing various opinions about servers over the period I've been working and I came to the conclusion that they will complain about pretty much any tip unless it is like incredibly generous in percentage, like around 40ish percent.   I was hesitant to even have this opinion because once again I'm not a server myself, but then in a conversation with my manager I said something about a certain server complaining a lot and the manager said not to worry about it because servers are "self entitled" (she called them some other things that made me question her decision to manage a restaurant but I'll leave them out) and so I feel like my opinion is pretty valid.
1	Brand new level 30", you say? My advice is you should start by playing more normal games.   That being said, the higher you get the fewer trolls (generally speaking), ragers and leavers you get. Since you mention being "stuch with support" - I play support for almost all my games (be they normal or ranked), and I have no problem carrying games, even now in the mid 1700's (I tried around 10 games on a friends account who's 2030, and I had no problems there either, though I did find that I didn't actually have to carry because people were simply  a lot  better at things like map awareness, warding and communication)   NOTE : By carrying as support I don't mean being the most farmed/fed on the team, I mean I  enable  someone (in most cases my ranged AD) to get farmed/fed, and keep them alive long enough to kill the other team, as well as providing ward coverage for my team so that we can take objectives, avoid ganks, etc (sometimes I'll even hop on up to ward for toplane if there's an r-tard up there who doesn't ward and/or is a very unhappy person in general).
0	I tried POF but deleted my account after having no messages returned (whereas on OKC I was doing just fine). Then as an experiment I made two fake guy profiles, one being a Doctor, the other being a recently released convict. The Doctor got one message back, the excon got 30.
1	best roamer in the game: trundle   rammus is good no doubt, faster, but waaaay less chase-able, and not as good 1v1 as trundle either (since you tend to see a lot of ad champs, trundle's q is a major detriment to them) and if you get ghost Priscilla's blessing an ms rune and trundle's aoe going simultaneously, he can keep pace with rammus. also trundle's ult screws over rammus hardcore.   master yi is also fast, and a strong fighter, stronger than trundle, but trundle has better escaping capacity, and can actually counter a master yi if you build a thornmail   Kassadin isn't someone you chase, you either chain cc him or hes gone cause hes a freaking Kassadin, trundle relies on his cc redux and ms steroids, combined with his pillar to escape, but it keeps him in sight, which i noticed tends to make enemies want to chase me even more when i play him. Also booking it to an hp regen rune or two is always helpful and allows you to do some quick poking with your q and then break off again and again and again.
1	You do realize you would never be able to get BC that early unless you're mid and rush it as your first item, right?   If you're mid you won't get off free Q's, you have to go all in with your E as an initiate.
1	You're pretty naive if you think Top laners can have the luxury to afford all the wards they need.   Oh, you bought 2 more wards when going back ? Good, now you can't afford that Doran or the 3 potions I have over you and you will lose in a 1v1 situation, you're screwed.  Oh, you want to back and buy some more wards because yours just expired ? Go ahead, however, you won't have any towe when you come back so it's not really useful.   And even if you can afford enough wards to cover some brushes and avoid lane ganks (don't ask me how), the jungler still won't go away, he can still enter the river brush and I lose any vision I have on him, making me unable to know if he's recalling or just waiting,...
0	According to my newly vegan sister in law, you're wrong. The money going towards hunting can be used for do many other things! Like her shoes with bottoms made from petroleum. But hunters are killing the environment!
0	I was in high school at the time. I got off my shift at Piggly Wiggly and there had been an ice over. Half inch sheet of ice covering my dads Saturn wagon.   What does 17 year old me think to do when my ice scraper breaks? Go back in and buy some Mortons table salt and dump it ALL OVER MY DADS CAR.   I told my dad about my genius ingenuity. He was not as impressed or as pleased as punch as I thought he would be. Then I realized cars are metal in some spots and that I was an idiot.
0	I feel bad for anyone who takes this duck's advice and picks a major because they think it guarantees them a job. I've seen too many people slog through a computer science program and graduate with a degree but absolutely no interest in the subject. They can't answer simple interview questions and can't get a job. There's a lot more to getting hired than having a piece of paper that says your parents paid a shitload of money for your post-highschool babysitting.
0	I disagree.  In fact, I would counter that you should not even be "dating" someone if you haven't already contemplated the possibility of a future with them.  If you just want to hang out with someone and possibly have sex, then be honest with each other from the start.  Going into a dating situation with false intentions is a recipe for disaster that will waste time for both parties involved,  and quite possibly hurt one.
1	Lemme tell y'all a story.   Before I even started playing, I watched my brother play. He played mostly Summoner's Rift, but he also played some Dominion here and there. I didn't find laning that fun to watch, I really just wanted to watch him roam, get kills, and win teamfights.   A few months of watching him later, I ask him if he can help me play. Instead of doing a bot game, or a custom, or even a normal SR, he told me to play Dominion. First game, playing Rammus, I was zipping around, and it was so much fun.   I played Dominion for the longest time, I learned how champs worked, how to preform basic laning, what to build, etc.   When I hit Level ~20ish, I moved on to Summoner's Rift, where I had used all of my dominion knowledge to give me that extra little bit of knowledge needed to get into SR. To be honest, I don't know if I would have been able to get into the game as easily if it wasn't for Dominion as my training wheels.   Now, I'm Gold II, and admittedly, I play Aram and SR more than I play Dominion. But that's okay. It still serves a purpose as a game mode, it's still fast and fun (maybe not to the extent Hotshotgg was making it out to be)! After a lot of Ranked trouble, it's still fun to go back to Dominion for some classic zippin' around the map.   If Riot put just a bit more attention and care into Dominion, I might have dropped SR entirely. However, Riot put so much emphasis into SR that Dominion fell into obscurity, only loved by a handful of players.   Rioters, if any of you are reading this, Dominion is an amazing concept you guys made. It helped me get into the game, learn the basics, and mellow out when things get frustrating during Ranked. If you just care of Dominion, results will come out. I promise.
0	No, I don't think they're a very good representation. I absolutely hated the mannequin episode, in fact, the first time I saw it I gave up on watching Doctor Who. Then I listened to some songs from the band Chameleon Circuit and I got curious and watched a few more episodes... which turned into another season or two... then I binge watched the entire series. A few episodes are so stupid and ridiculous but others are so incredibly emotionally-charged, it's insane. Some people love it, some people hate it, it really just depends on the person. If nothing else, give the David Tennant episodes a go, then decide whether or not to keep watching.
1	I find the idea of mastering a champ to be pretty abstract but if I had to choose a scenario that confirms I have mastered a champ it would be:   Consistently winning lane/duels/matches against what is supposed to be your hard counter item/champ with a similar skill level.   If you can be so good witha champ that the strongest ways of defeating them cant even stop you, youve done well.
0	As someone who frequented 4chan way back in the day, I'd have to say that you have no idea how much of your ass you are talking out of. Even this too damn high meme is new, relatively speaking. Every meme you know and love was cancer at some point, and I bet all of them are years younger than the ones that I remember complaining about as they became prolific.
1	I always try to give people the benefit of the doubt. Maybe he was having a bad day, abuse family, or relationship problem and he is taking it out on you guys instead. Its not justified but I think it cant be helped sometimes.
0	So...reading all the responses in this thread kinda saddens me.   I am a suicide survivor, both on by my own hand or watching someone else attempt. The both of us are idiots for trying, yes, but instigating that suicide is a selfish act is actually just perpetuating the problems that led to where we ended up.   "You should just have gotten over it" Sometimes we can't. Sometimes, rationally, we think we're doing a service. It's not about what we WANT. Hell, everyone I talked to while recovering never wanted to die. No one really wants to, even those who are in deep depression from having lost a family member. Do you think they prefer dying to having their life back? The point that the OP is making, however, is what most people view it as.   I don't think you're an ass, OP. Actually, I feel sorry for you. I know what it's like to be detached like that from grievous events, especially watching my sister be devastated as one of her best friends ended up offing himself. I couldn't fathom her pain, but I couldn't really actually feel much. However, this is part and parcel to the real ghost of the problem. No one seems to actually be able to empathize with the mentally...not-coping. We don't see things or take things uite the right way. What you see as bright royal blue, I see as pale, dreary sea blue. We see things and hear things but sometimes the brain just doesn't want to work right. Yes, we can do it ourselves but not everyone is accomplished as me and my friend. You wouldn't think a suicidal pair like us could draw ourselves from teh depths but we did.   Not everyone can. So...
1	I normally take suggestions given by students who have a certain question.   Someone asked about Feral Flare today and I went over that, and also showed some clips of it in use from the high elo Yi player.   All of my lessons normally have a lot of things involved. With the Feral Flare lesson I also talked about the mechanics of dodging turret shots with Q, the importance of not initiating with Q if you plan to dive them after, ect.   Sometimes i'll analyze an LCS game and explain 2v1 swaps, ect. It helps them understand dragon rotations and when to do Baaron mainly for their own games.   If people don't give me suggestions I normally take mechanical plays from Reddit and analyze them. We have some "Chill" days where I just show a relaxed video on not flaming your team mates, and how positivity benefits you in a game.
1	My question is related to the Trundle rework. I understand the thought behind redoing his lore and look to be more a part of the world. I don't like it, but it's a good thought and I won't be complaining about it here. I will focus purely mechanically.   Overall, Trundle can go Top fairly well now, something he couldn't before. But he lost his amazing jungle status. The lowered damage on early ranks of Q wreck his clear time, the increased healing on W doesn't balance out for the extra hits from mobs you'll be taking (Because of the decreased clear times), and the reduced duration on the E is just a weird random nerf.   The worst change, I feel, was the removal of his CC reduction. That was the big element of what made Trundle's ganks actually good. It defined Trundle. It allowed him to take an entire enemy team to the face and tough it out, very fitting for his character. I mean, after you nerfed Singed's ult in the same way, it's starting to seem like you're just hating on CC reduction.   For good reason, I suppose. If you're not an experienced player, it can be difficult to counter a tank with that much tenacity. But either way, it hurts his ganks and late game performance so much that it's not worth the extra healing and attack speed, in my personal opinion.   I would like to focus just on this factor here. Why have you made Trundle such a worse jungler in exchange for top lane game? I don't think it's versatility. I'd even say the jungling with him effectively now is nigh-impossible.  I'm just a concerned Trundle main, and I'd like to know why you changed things so drastically.
0	Thanks for posting this. While I understand from your point of view you are testing the waters and using it as a measuring stick for the relationship, on the receiving end it looks like emotional manipulation.   I grew up with only sisters. Punching one of them would have landed me in a world of punishment, but emotionally messing with them was subtle and equally effective. (i.e. buying candy for one and snubbing the other)   Once I reached dating age I had an arsenal of emotional manipulation, and by that point I didn't even realize I was doing it. It's hard to explain now, but I always felt like I was somehow the victim. That if they weren't doing what I wanted, they were trying to hurt me.   After years of failed relationships I finally understood what I was doing and why it was wrong.
1	This might be a little offtopic, but what is wrong with Karma? I wasn't playing LoL when the old karma was out, so I only have experience with the reworked Karma and she seems fine.
0	I will pay someone what they are worth when they are worth what that they say they are worth. There's so much entitlement in this generation it's sick (I'm part of this generation). It drives me crazy when someone thinks because they show up to work on time and do their job that it deserves some sort of pat on the back and a raise. How about you do something above and beyond to show me your ambition to move up the ladder and maybe that raise will happen.   Ex. I had an employee that worked for me off and on for 8 years. He rarely came to work on time, rented an apartment from me and got behind (eventually caught up) and complained every week on how he's got a tough life. I told him he can start buying his own tools and put together a good skill set while working below our maintenance foreman and eventually move up and work on his own. 8 years went by and he never bought one tool. Eventually he started fixing his time card to show he was at work earlier than he actually was so I fired him. His response is that he's worth more money than what I'm paying him and he deserves better.   Oh and just because you have a college education it doesn't automatically mean you're going to make good money. Before you waste 4+ years of your life, look up what field you're going into to make sure it's not hyper competitive (unless you're at the top of your game and know what you're getting yourself into) and make sure it's a sought after skill set.   /rant off
1	Usually I'm the only one who wards at my team and for the most part people don't say that much, except for the occasional "Can you ward x" or "We need more wards at y".  Sometimes you get people that blame their stupidity on a lack of wards though.  For instance, one game we were losing bad and they got our mid inhib.  A little while after we got it we were holding off their push at where the Mid inner turret is and then we watched them leave mid lane and run up to top lane through our jungle.  One member of our team literally walks right behind all of them into our jungle and dies, then blames me for lack of wards. Also note, that their support had an oracles.
1	Sorry, but I've got to disagree. There is a point when it's probably best to surrender, sure (being down 20 kills, outlevelled so far you can't defend at a turret as you mentioned, etc.), but honestly, "don't waste time and surrender" is terrible advice just because  one  person has over-fed / lost their lane / wants to rage or 20min surrender.   I've won more 4v5s than I've lost when that ragequitting feeder AFKs; Suddenly there's no more free XP/Gold pinata running around the map. Not to mention, even when things seem unwinnable, often times I've found it's just poor engage on our team / no focus- correcting it & trying again often fixes that (assuming you're not crazy-far behind).
1	How many times will we see this " premade whinning " ? I played Solo s3 and only Duo s4.   Only thing premades really destroys is fairness if they have a lot of divisions gap ( exagerated exemple : Plat 5 with bronze 5 ).  After that...   1rst point : It's usually Premade + 3 vs Premade + 3. So a duo can match another one. I think it was first designed to be duo bot + 3. As duo requires more synergy than other lane. I' d rather be matched in a duo with my pre' who isn't awesome bot than to play with a random guy who has 80% of flaming because you don't play like he likes his bot partner to play.   2nd point : Flaming against premades is the same as flaming against anyone. You may be solo or duo, you'll still get flamed if you died, even if it makes you go 8 /1 instead of 8 /0. And muting two randoms or two premades, what does it change ?   3rd point : Premades are as good or as bad as any randoms, but only the ones failing are noticed.
1	There is a counter to this. It is the best feeling in the game when you are adc or support and you get along with your counter part. I was an ADC for a guy who only had yordels and similar type charactes including nunu. He couldn't play very well at all but he was NUNU support and I told him what I needed and he did it. We ended up winning three out of four games and the game we lost was one that we weren't bot lane in. He learned a lot from me and I learned from him by giving him pointers and watching him execute.   The point is listen to each other. Maybe your support may not be aware of the entire map but if he says stay back just do it. If your ADC wants you to engage try it with a sure escape route first as to not get killed in the process.   If you work together you can blame the loss of the lane on eachother, take ownership, and get better. If you play as complete individuals you will lose collectively on most occasions. I constantly say GJ when it is warranted and give feedback for my playstyle when there needs to be improvement. I discuss my playstyle before the game starts when I'm ADC and ask theirs when I'm support. It makes for a better time.   The other side is I was playing Graves ADC with a Voli support and Voli was way too aggressive. He was completely out of reach from me when he engaged and on the otherside of the minion wave by minute 3. I asked him to be a bit more selective and have some bush control as he stayed in the middle of lane, he told me to go screw my self. We fed the other team's bot lane pretty bad I was low on damage but I started building back up. By late game I got pretty competitive as far as damage output compared to how it started, but Voli kept baiting us into bad fights and overpursuing, taking himself out of the equation and the rest of the team hadn't done too hot either.  The point is it doesn't always pan out. I had a bad game but the rest of the team didn't rage and it was still fun. They realized that voli wasn't playing right and i wasn't all to blame. They said I sucked at first but came around toward the end.
0	I actually explained what makes you a dick and gave you reasons why you should reconsider your attitude. Apparently you couldn't be bothered to read anything other than the
1	Well I think if you want to REALLY improve your game focus one one single role and paly every champion that fits for it. I only play AP mid as long as my team is ok with it and I think that I learn new things everyday. The problem with roleswitching is that you don't have constant expierience. If I fuck up my 100-Kill-Combo in a game i will pick the same champ again and try to make it better the next 10 games.
1	basically the game will take damage taken and add in resistance with this formula (assuming armor for simplicity):  DAMAGE - (DAMAGE x armor/(armor+100)) = health lost .  so an attack with 100 damage hitting 50 armor would be :  100 x 50/150 , or  100 - (100 x .333)  meaning  67  damage would be dealt.  if you add in another 50 armor, you get 50% reduction, or 50 damage.  this shows a diminishing return in effective reduction, though each point will give you the same amount of effective health as each other point.   basically this means that armor or MR act as a multiplier to your health bar for a specific damage type, and work best if both are increased.  However, one thing to note is that it is easier to heal a target that has low health and high effective health, so if you know you have a strong healer or will be using spell vamp/lifesteal, you may want to favor going for resistances over health.   as far as tank vs carry, the formula works the same for a carry, but since you are itemizing damage on a carry it is usually easier to grab health instead of focusing two resistances (unless a team is heavy ad/ap)
1	china talk just isnt as interesting as other talk shows. its froskurinn and crew. froskurinn cant be the only personality that entertains. i cant be assed to listen for 2 or 3 hours of just mumbling. even if she is wrong, she still puts enthusiasm behind her statements, she doesnt say things quietly just encase she is unsure of what she is talking about.   SI has thorin backing it up with a usually expressive guest (saint, soaz, krepo, xpecial, etc) and monte with the knowledge.   FB has richard keeping things in check, brokenshard to poke jabs and bait people to say things and a guest/nintendude to react to it.   china talk doesnt really have that. from the 3 episodes i have seen its just people discussing topics but without western comparisons or funny jokes (brokenshard's memes or thorin's analogies) mixed in.   i think a big part of it is, is that you can see that thorin, monte, and richard are really focusing on the talk show and are not browsing reddit or something and getting distracted. thorin can reply straight away, he isnt reading anything in the meantime, he is having a genuine conversation and thats interesting to listen to. for example i can see that drexin is not paying attention cause he is very rarely adding something other than some minor comment or joke.
1	I think you guys are misunderstanding one thing : this is not a balance type change, it's one of these game clarification really needed to make LoL a better eSport game. You can't just expect players to watch the ground shaking under their feet in the middle of a huge teamfight, it's just not how it should work in a game like LoL where every AoE ground targeted skillshot is clearly visible by lines like this one.   All I see in this thread is whine about balance, and I agree it is somewhat of a nerf, but they are most probably looking at Cho and his balance at the moment, otherwise they wouldn't change something about his kit.
1	I will comment here again with a similar response as I had in one of the Froggen threads.   Being a professional puts you on a pedestal where more is expected of you in terms of both your skill and your etiquette.   Pro players deserve two things from us, a high level of respect for achieving what many of us wish we could but also a high level of scrutiny as the position they have obtained should not be taken lightly.   A professional gamer is essentially the pinnacle representation of gamers. They are the most highly exposed gamers to the public eye as they receive the most public exposure via all forms of press and event coverage.   It is important as a community that the people that represent us to the world act in a way befitting that role. We cannot control their actions nor should we be able to but if a community of individuals impacted by that persons decisions does not like them, they should not hesitate to voice that concern.   On the reverse side there is a lack of respect in voicing those concerns and a childish approach to only exacerbates the problem by creating tension filled emotions on both sides.
1	I thought the same mid way through, but then they provided some pretty convincing theory as to how positivity and teamplay win games (global objectives and grouping etc.).  My own experience on my smurf also backs up teamplay and positivity winning games.  At ranks below Gold III, players with a lead seem to have a hard time closing out games, and if you don't close out games by a certain point then nothing matters besides team fights, which are very dependent on teamwork and thus staying cordial with teammates.   Some examples of teams not closing games:  at the lower levels players don't push their advantage and just stay split up in lane with no pushing, picks, or global objective pressure up to the 35 minute mark.  Next skill level has a hard time picking good team fights and good targets to focus and shut down in fights (so if you have 1 strong guy when behind then he can carry if he plays right).  Next skill level still has bad objective pressure, and they choose bad times to do Dragon/Baron if they do at all.  And all the way up to Gold I teams in the lead don't get vision control in the enemy jungle to suppress roaming and enemy map control.
1	This was a very good read and I used to feel the same way when I started playing last May/late April. Just in time for Dreamhack and a week where I was house sitting for some folks with bitching internet. Watched almost every match in the tournament, obsessed over every little thing, got pumped for Yorick and a week later I bought about 100 bucks of RP to buy one of those champ packs and rune page bundles.   By that August I had finally slowed down. Not really playing on my own, but only when my buddy was online. It wasn't worth the headache when I didn't know I had at least one solid (semi-solid, he does some stupid shit now and again) player to stand with me.   Now I only play when one of my friends are on. Its still fun, but the pressure isn't as crushing. Its fun.   I still got pissed about AFKs, trolls, and fucking stupids though. Eventually, I started taking some of the advice you see thrown around Reddit now and again and trying to stay calm. It really does help, even though its hard to do sometimes.   Had this one game a few weeks back where I was Lee Sin jungle. Udyr top, some AP mid (maybe Ziggs?), and JAX/ANIVIA bot lane! Originally, Jax was going to be top, Ziggs mid, me jungle, and Ez/Raka bot lane, but at the last second they locked in Udyr/Aniv. Aniv rushed bot and Udyr top and so it was done! At first I asked my friend what the fuck they were doing and he responded with, "BEING GODDAMN FUCKING ASSHOLES IS WHAT THE FUCK THEY'RE DOING". And, yea, assholes they were. I had some solid ganks early, but shortly after died in an ill-fated gank where the Udyr peaced out. That caused both the Udyr and the Anivia to start trashing me the whole game. Even after making big plays, these dudes talked shit. "You're fucking trash." "Fuck you're retarded." But...   I didn't get mad. I laughed it off, tossed some bros their way, and it sorted of didn't touch me. They were still huge dicks, even after we won (I called for Baron and went beast mode for a bit, previous game we almost won a 4v5 because of my awesome Lee Sinnin' so I was feeling confident).   Despite their dickery, I felt good about the game. My buddy still gets mad when people don't follow the meta, but I've been able to calm down about the game. I tell him to calm down and it'll be easier, but he's sort of excitable about shit and isn't interested in doing so.   I guess my point is this: you'll make some sort of peace after playing the game for a bit. Its good that you and your boyfriend have that "us against the world" mentality. It'll help for a bit. Its okay to be mean for a while. You gotta get that shit out of your system. Eventually, you'll realize being nice (or at the very least NOT super mean) will stop some of the trolls from trolling too hard, though not all of them. It'll become a game where you can have fun even during a loss, but you gotta be willing to learn from the losses. If you view them as just a waste of time then you'll start getting angry again.
0	I'm deaf myself and I've gotten so many unqualified interpreters at different events here, in America. From one-to-one meetings to televised events, so no, they don't test interpreters. Oftentimes, hearing people hire interpreters thinking they're doing a good thing (and they're actually trying their best), but they don't realize the magnitude of hiring an interpreter. They need to include deaf people in the process of hiring interpreters.   You're right here-- this needs to be taken seriously. This brings up a serious issue- not just in South Africa, but in places like America. Quality of interpreting needs to be revisited. Not many interpreters are certified, and if they are, it doesn't necessarily mean they're qualified. Deaf people absolutely needs to be part of the process of certification, hiring, recruiting, and so on.
1	I have two things I want to improve, the first is  MOTIVATION TO PLAY THE GAME MORE SERIOUSLY  and the second is teamfighting.   I don't take the game as seriously as other people at me division do (gold 1) Most of them are pushing for platinum, and I never troll in ranked, ever, I play to win, but I don't take the game as seriously as I would like to. The main reason is because I don't care about my elo/division, if I was in bronze I would be happy, as long as every game went by, I was improving at the game. I don't feel any motivation to take the game as seriously as the 4 other players on my team, and I feel like a bad teammate for doing so, I feel like i'm letting down the people on my team because of this.   So my question is there any good motivator to take this game more seriously?   I feel like i'm a pretty good mechanical player in general, I do well in lane, but ussualy struggle to grasp my role once teamfights start rolling around. I main top lane, and the champions I love playing are Riven/Rumble/Renekton/Shen and Vladimir.   When it comes to Riven, Vlad and Rumble I feel like I do well in teamfights, but when I play Renekton and Shen I have issues grasping my role. Ussualy when I play shen, I'll have a sunfire cape, and i'll go to a different lane than my team and split push, I feel like I have good timing on my ults, and I can land them on the right target, but when I ult in, I don't feel like im playing well, I feel like im getting kited by the ezreal, I can't catch the Ahri, their zac is bouncing all over my twitch, and I just want to cry out and try to figure out what I'm doing wrong.   When I play renekton, I feel like unless I have flash up, I can't do anything to their backline.
1	What he has to do is a Team decision. He cant just pull of a 4 man taunt if their shotcaller doesnt want to engage. Also he can tank enough with taunts on their carries or just using his ultimate on his carries. Its not his job to take all the skillshots for his carrys. He may peel or keep their carrys out of the fight. Its all a team decision after all and you cant trashtalk soaz for that.   Shen actually has % health ratios. His passive wich give him his dmg scales very well. His q heals him for a % amount of health. Maybe know your shit. After all he is the proplayer and you just don't have any clue about his role in the fights desided by the team and the abilitys of shen.
0	I think you're still allowed to hate OP. He's just admitting to something bad. Maybe it's cathartic for him to see the hate directed towards him.
1	The issue here lies with you. You've admitted to having only spent 2 matches in that game (you might even be lying for all I know) and yet speak with such authority as if you know everything about it. Spell effects in Dota 2 are vastly more distinctive and detailed alongside heroes' animations (they go out of their way to rework spell effects and animations from time to time). A Tidehunter lets loose his ultimate and giant tentacles emerge from the ground while everyone gets knocked up. Windranger fires a magical arrow that flies brightly across the screen (you hear a charge up and release sound). Bloodseeker ruptures a poor soul rending them with blood squirting all over (you can even hear dripping). Sven unleashes a powerful cry and turns red with rage. He throws out his magical gauntlet that when landed makes a powerful crackling noise. How is any of that not clear to see (or hear)?
1	Clamping only occurs for a very small margin of players whose MMR(ELO) is far lower than the expected MMR of the promotion Tier. This is done to ensure that players who advanced to the next tier are properly qualified for a permanent ranking change.   To compare it back to the old system, that would be like a 700 ELO player trying to get into Silver. Even with an awesome streak, the player would have still only gained about 200 ELO, which puts them at 900 ELO and still below Bronze. If they somehow have an amazing ungodly streak and make it to 1400 ELO for Silver, they can still drop back down.   With the new system, instead of going from 700 to 900, it gives the chance to earn enough LP to get into a promotion series, even if your MMR is lower than expected. In this case though, because you're still a bit lower than the Tier, it does make it much more challenging. The benefit of this though, is you can never drop back down.   Admittedly it can feel a little bit like a letdown in the new system because you can't see that you've raised your ELO, all you see is that you missed Silver. This is why Yegg and his team are working on tweaking the system so clamping won't feel quite as harsh. This will mostly be done through adjusting your early LP gains and losses so they're not as drastic when you get closer to 100 LP.   But in reality, you're still better off because you've been given the opportunity to shoot for silver even though you were no where near what you would have needed for Season 1 or Season 2.   The other plus is, winning games is still a major boost. They do significantly push up your MMR which will help lessen or eventually remove the clamping as you continue to move forward.
1	The Issue is that everytime i try to Create a New League of Legends account on the Oceania Server this comes up. The account is for my friend and everytime i try to create one or he tries to create one this just comes up. I've been trying for about a week or 2 but the issue still persists.
0	My ex-boyfriend didn't tell me and I found out by reading a text message on his phone months into it (hey, it buzzed, it was the morning, I don't make a regular thing of it). And it said something along the lines of "congrats on having sex with your gf!"   I thought to myself, why would anybody congratulate him on that...unless he was a virgin when we met.  (I was too..)   I was upset not because the sex was bad, but because I felt that it was a lie and a huge betrayal of my trust. He had made up very intricate stories of the 9 other women he had slept with.   Turns out, he lied about a lot of other things and turned out to be a genuine psychopath so that should have been a red flag.
0	I had a boyfriend, even though he said he was, wasn't the most respectful to every "adult" or "grown-up." When he visited and essentially met my parents for the first time, my mom found him rude. He really let me down by being very reclusive and un-engaged with having any sort of conversation with my mom or me. I even told him beforehand to be respectful. I guess if you have to tell someone beforehand to be respectful to your parents (despite the differences you have *edit: with your parent; from fights, etc), then they're not right for you.
0	Am I the only one who grew up in the  everyone gets a trophy age  that thought those trophies didn't mean shit? I remember being young and thinking they don't matter if everyone has one. I would get way more excited scoring goals or blocking shots then I ever did over a trophy. I feel like older generations just want a benign excuse to call malignant because they were "doing so well till we came along, must be too many trophies." Also how come no one ever mentions that maybe our generation isn't focused on the future cause we are not even certain what that future holds? I remember coming home to my dad saying his retirement fund lost so much during 2008 and he would now have to delay his retirement for 5-10 years he looked so crushed and lost money trying to be responsible. Why would I strive for that when I have seen it blow up in his face?  Now I have to figure out if I should follow in his footsteps knowing it could all be for nothing, or try something different
0	And dirty talk about it is arguably more important than the actual act (it's more of a fantasy then enjoyment of that part)
0	Looking back, I just don't understand the negative stigma attached to being adopted. As an adopted child, I would always keep that part of my background to myself, as I would hear other kids my age poke fun at adopted children for being "stupid" or "unwanted". At a young age, much like most other kids, all I ever really wanted was to fit in, and I saw that as just another thing that set me apart from everyone else. The fact that a teacher would add to a child's insecurities is pretty despicable. Fortunately, as I got older, I realized being adopted was nothing to be ashamed about, but actually something to be grateful for. I may have not had the most "normal" upbringing (who has?), but I'm a hell of a lot better off than I would have been if I'd have bounced around foster homes my entire childhood.
1	People cry at everything, if the shoe was on the other foot and EU bombed out EU fans would cry and NA fans would be assholes about it. Fans are fucking dicks. Remember when NA was raggin on EU at not getting out of groups at worlds? Or when Alliance lost to Kabum? A bunch of assholes showed up and started gloating and shouting on the internet, and some EU fans wanted them to lay off and just blamed it on bad luck or Alliance/Fanatic tilting or NA getting lucky.
1	Because MPEN only affects magic damage which you get from spells, item passives/actives, and spell blade (very little).  ARPEN gives AD champions pen on all their physical abilities in addition to their auto attacks which are decent damage right off the bat.
0	This fat bitch was being real mean because she was a jealous bitch about my skinny girls.   Soooooooooo instead of crushing her soul I just told her that she was a mean person.
1	Nah. Rousing the great and noble stream army to strike at the heart of Deezer, protecting his staunch allies while Blizzard stood and did nothing.
0	When I was a teen working at McD's, we had an angry man order a bunch of (like 10) Bigg n' Tasties. He ended up getting them with cheese, which made him quite, quite irate.   I happened to have just left for lunch and was standing in the lobby (we had to let everyone else bitch/order/throw shit first before we could order), as this man FLIPPED at the manager who was covering my till for the break. All day the back kitchen had been fucking everything up - this shit's in a box, I wouldn't have known whether it had cheese or not before bagging it up.   The manager and I both looked at eachother, and each of us let out a sarcastic chuckle, this being about the fifth time this happened in the morning. He IMMEDIATELY threw the bags of burgers in my manager's face, screamed at the both of us, and stormed out the store like a toddler.   My manager had to write a letter apologizing to this man for both of our behavior, he got his order refunded, and $500 in gift certificates.
0	Political correctness is not a concept to them.  They don't care very much what the world thinks of them on some things (porn, whaling, past war crime etc.).   That's the
1	That dude is absolute right. I had a time where i was just playing LOL as my main game and from my experience it is hard to be satisfied, especially if you tryhard in ranked. You will loose a lot of games ( about 50% ). League is not about fun if you tryhard to climb the ladder. It will burn you out if you go in with that mindset ;)
0	Two funny stories about stolen bikes:   1) about a stolen bicycle: I was staying at my parent's house one night, and my bicycle was in their yard, in a greenhouse they had. She heard the newspaper delivery guy early in the morning, and happened to get out of bed a minute or so later to look in the yard, where she saw someone walk into the greenhouse, but not come out. She had no idea my bike was in there, and they didn't keep anything valuable in the greenhouse, but thought it was weird enough that she woke my Dad, and he called the police to report it.   I woke up at this point from the talking/noise, and after hearing what happened, ran out to the greenhouse to look, and sure enough my bike was gone. We relayed this information to the RCMP Officer that showed up, and as soon as we mentioned it and the newspaper delivery van, said, "I'll be back", jumped into his car and sped off.   An hour or so later, he shows back up with my bike in his car. Apparently he had noticed the van a while back, as it was driving around at a weird hour, and too note of it and which way it was heading. He tracked it down, stopped them and looked at the back, where he saw the bike.   He got the guy to confess on the spot, because he told them he had the right to seize the vehicle at that point.   2) My cousin had a motorcycle stolen from him. A few days later, his brother (a pretty tough dude) was stopped at a red light. He looked at the  guy on the motorcycle in front of him, and said, "geez, that looks like my brother's bike". He got out, walked up to the guy and once he confirmed it was the right one, hauled the guy off the bike and started putting the boots to him, and the guy ran off.   So, you never know... sometimes a nice string of coincidences happen!
1	Would you explain to me why she is so annoying and can dominate her lane so easily? From what I've seen, most AD Nidalee only dominate when fed kills and are above the enemy in farm. Ordinarily her aggression is no worse than, say, Irelia's, and it costs her creeps unless she's charging at you and pouncing in the middle of a creep wave, in which case she's pushing to your tower so you can easily last hit and she can't do as much.   In teamfight, she has no notable CC as bruiser or way to heal when she is in cougar form, and her range with AAs is so weak that she will get bursted down extremely fast no matter which form she takes unless she hangs back so far as to be ineffective. Cougar fares slightly better, but is still pretty squishy and bad at getting to carries unlike someone like Udyr or Renekton.
0	I uninstalled LoL a couple weeks before finals. At that time, I didn't know Reddit existed, so I basically only used my computer for research. I did well on my exams. I kind of forgot about LoL for a couple months. When I finally downloaded again, so many things changed, and I was a super scrub again (as opposed to normal scrub). After a handful of terrible games, I lost the drive. I play once or twice a week now.
1	If you have a full premade team the most fun junglers are in my opinion Nautilus and Maokai, just because the amount of CC combined with coordination from a premade team is really fun to play.   In Solo Q the best junglers are the ones who say that they will attack now and can carry lategame: for example Nocturne, Udyr (and Shaco). Lee Sin is also an option but he is pretty hard to learn.
1	It looks like you are talking about mid lane. Aim for 70 cs for now. You can probably get 70 just by getting wraiths every now and then. Think about running tele. You can back more often without punishment. You can roam etc. It allows for more pressure. Depending on your lane opponent you can choose if the cs is worth the harrass. Also, directly after said harras, that ability is on CD take your cs and harras back. That's the most important part. Don't let them get free DMG. They may hit for more but if you at least get n auto attack back that's 40 DMG that wasn't there. Now, think of an auto as a CD. At .5 attk SPD that's a 2 sec CD. At 1 that's a 1 sec CD right? When they cs the auto is CD and you can harras them. Cs'ing takes precedent over harassing(unless you at least quarter their HP) if you are above 75% mana, then use abilities to cs. If you have full definitely use abilities.  You sometimes see players like Tiensi(he's high diamond) use shunpo even to cs. Its b/c he has wards/flash. Obviously if the enemy laner has kill potential don't use your escape for cs. But if you feel confident do so. If you see the jg top, do so. Honestly, when I was playing Zed I used my W for harras. It was my escape but sometimes jg doesn't even look at he lane b/c they assume, oh they have an escape. Jg tip: you can gank anyone, even Fizz if they use their escape and you are within 5 seconds. I'm actually a super safe mid laner. I basically never use my escapes until a jungler ganks or they all-in me. May also be due to my mains are lux etc. Last hitting under turret: Rule of Thumb: Melee creeps take two shots and an auto Ranged take one and two autos   If you have a friend willing to help. Take the Caitlyn challenge.   Mid lane. Enemy plays Cait. 3 traps across the lane. If you die, if you step in a trap, you lose. Go for best cs!  Caits job is to harras you to death.
0	My cousin (who is quite a bit older than I am) and her husband have 4 children, 2 that are older and 2 that are younger. Sometimes, I'll take one of the younger ones out for ice cream or to the park to give them a break. At the time, I was about 21 and my niece (I know, not technically my niece but that's how we roll in our family because we're super tight) was around 3. So we go to the park and it's me, my niece and this mom there with her kid.   The kids are playing in the park, me and this mom (who's quite a bit older than I am) are chatting then my niece yells "Come chase me, unkie! (uncle)" It's this game where I pretended to be a dinosaur and she ran around the playground screaming and laughing as kids do.   So I'm 'chasing' her around the playground when from the corner of my eye I see this old large woman come stomping on to the playground and yells "LEAVE THAT LITTLE GIRL ALONE!" I look around to see what's going on but there's no little girls here except my niece and point to myself like 'who me?' At this point, my niece comes over to me and I scoop her up and she says loudly "Why's that lady angry?" at which point this woman goes beet red and turns around and walks away.   Like... Honestly, does she really think I couldn't catch up to a 3 year old? Give me some credit. Damn.
0	Wow, since CMB3 offered a seriously misleading answer, I'll try to offer one that's actually informative.   Fox, a cable TV station owned by Rupert Murdoch, has a long history of distorting and warping information to conform to a right-wing prejudice.  [Here's a breakdown (with video) of how they create their imaginary enemy] ( the "Liberal Bias Media" who are (simply put) anyone who isn't owned by Rupert Murdoch.   The Daily Show and The Colbert Report are 2 comedy shows on Comedy Central. Comedy Central is, well, a cable station that focuses on comedic TV shows. The Colbert Report is fashioned after a Pundit Current Affairs show and The Daily Show is fashioned after a half hour news show which generally has bits, produced segments and interviews on current events. Over the years TDS has developed a focus for lampooning the "actual" news  and politicians in a similar style to that of  [Charlie Brooker]( or  [10 O'CLock Live]( Perhaps because they focus on hypocrisy, lies and histrionics some folks feel that the extreme right are the subject of an unfair level of ridicule from the satirists.   TDS specifically gets sited as a "more trusted" source of truth/facts than the "actual news" in polls. Though to be fair, that's just the nature of good satire, offering insight or truth. OP's post is directly referencing   the more than half-dozen  information on current affairs.
1	Any snare or stun leaves you at your current position - your team can respond to that. Skarner's ult drags you away to wherever he wants to take you until the suppression ends. By allowing you to flash/dash away from it, it does nerf Skarner quite a bit but, it only fixes a 'bug' that's been making his ult a bit too strong.   When you look at Blitz hook for example - you know where you are going if you get grabbed and he can't change your position after the hook, and you can flash/dash out of it. It is kinda of unfair that Skarner can displace you and suppress you and you have no way to avoid it outside of being faster than him or flashing way too early, in which case he can just dot it on someone else.   I dunno, I dislike Skarner because his movespeed increase combined with his slow and red buff is just absolutely silly, and his shield just lasts too long compared to the movespeed buff he gets. Luckily it's getting nerfed.   I get where you're coming from though - why should players get a 'panic button' as you put it after they messed up? The thing is that you can't do ANYthing against that Skarner ult - you can dodge Leona's Zenith Blade, you can dodge Bliz's Rocket Grab, you can dodge Malph's ult. The only other initiate/root/stun/etc. that should work like that is Maokai's W, and that's a debate for another time.
0	I agree that you shouldn't feel bad about thinking like this. My parents got divorced when I was 8 but decided as much as they may have hated each other, they were going to do everything they could to ensure that my sister and I still lived the most "normal" life. Instead of slowly realizing that my parents hated each other as I grew, I saw two people put aside their obvious differences support their children and promote our aspirations. I still thank them to this day for their actions and the mind set they adopted.
1	teamfight synergy is not at all irrelevant... I had plenty of games which my former self would outright say "gg, surr 20" coz all lanes were lost, counterjungled etc... but i have witnessed so many games in the past months where we got crushed like kittens early on and then simply outplayed the opposing team not only with team synergy, but also very wellplayed strategies that we came up with, which is possible with people who really want to play for win... I've learned that there is  ALWAYS (ok, maybe exaggerated... lets say 90% of games) a chance to turn the tide and therefore never surrender until the nexus explodes.. Frankly, the same happens the opposite way aswell: We crushed them early on so bad that we just couldn't see a way for them to get out of their misery, but they did with decent gameplay and a good setup.
0	This is not working out in my situation.   (I'm gunna go ahead and rant since this will mostly likely be buried.)   I was seeing this girl at work, we had kissed a couple times, but nothing serious. She decides she's really not looking for a relationship, and I tell her, "That's fine, I obviously wanted more, but if you don't feel the same way, I'm frustrated, but that's understandable. I don't hate your guts, let's still be friends."   And now she's spending quite a bit of her free time at work being a raunch to me. Making a point to talk about how sexy the IT guy is (oxymoron, I  know), talking about me behind my back, passive aggressive fb posts, and just general bitchiness. I've stayed nice through out this, and the only ignorant thing I've done is that I teased her about her recently dyed purple hair and asked if she was going to star in an anime. Did not go well to say the least.   The really shitty part about this is that all of her friends at work are my friends as well and it's created this really awkward, unintentional split in our group of friends. I'm getting all the shitty fallout of a break up with out the bonus of actually having been in a relationship in the first place. I guess the moral of the story here is don't try to stick your dick in your coworkers.
1	No decent employer does this type of thing to their employees. Imagine your employer telling you to live in a country where you'd be forced to hand out your passport to the embassy. Like OK, you can do that, you get paid to do so afterall.   Then imagine the employer, this time telling you to go to another country where it takes a while for you to get a visa. Sure you can do that asap. But no, he says so you have to be there before you can possibily get there.   And even after all that, he says if you don't get there in time, it's like you fucked it over for them so you will  have more chance to get cut at the end of the year.   So, you're forced in a situation where you're fucked because the employer wanted that to be the case. There was no need to move LCS to Wembley. You could still cancel the event assuming they let Gambit know before/while still planning the event. And if you didn't want to disapoint fans by having less games, make Fnc and Roccat play 2 fan games with 5 people chosen randomly from the crowd. -Or ask trivias or shit. idk.-   Sure, there are people who does this kind of thing, and even some of them would not do this if you were one of the few that made their company rich.   And the game being postponed is no big deal. You can even put the games after the regular season if you don't want to reschedule for some reason. And the advantage people speak of, assumes that Fnatic or Roccat spent more than 5 minutes to check the lolking of the soloqueue players they were facing. They already had the advantage coming into this week that they'd not need to prepare for a match.
1	The RIOT pictures are not correct tho.   The colors are certainly better, but it is not as amazing as they make it look.   If you look at the pictures you see the mistakes. If a colorblind people would see everything yellow, adding blue does not make them see all the other colors normal all of the sudden. If this were the case, they have solved colorblindnes.
0	Haha omg I can't believe that was real, I was expecting a gif. I'm at work. They block /r/WTF here but not /r/gonewild.
1	You can't classify a champ as the BEST, but there are a few who teach the basics much better than others.     * SoloTop-Gangplank. // Teaches great map awareness through his ultimate.    * Middle-Veigar // Teaches how to farm properly, and the importance of farm. Also great for nuking late. {As an alternitive Annie is strong, great to learn how to last hit with}    * AD Carry-[Many champs are great here, just my personal 2 favorites for learning] Ashe // Easy to last hit with, excellent map awareness with E although it has a long cool down, and her ultimate is a great initiator.                  *Caitlyn // Amazing poke potential, teaches you how to balance harass and farming.    *Support-Soraka // Pretty much gives you the basics of support, can't get much simpler then healing hp and mana. Can also teach map awareness with ulti.    *Jungler-Lee Sin // Best example of requiring to land skill shots imo. His Q is the bread and butter skill of his ganks, so if you miss it you're screwed. In the best case, you hit a minion near the gankee(?) and land an E.
0	I took a women studies course in college with a friend , we were the only males in the whole class... Over the days a particularly vocal female attacked us for being male many times, one day she was particularly aggressive at which point I stood up and said i identify as a female and we are a queer couple. I asked her to stop oppressing me. Let me just say she never spoke out against us again.
1	The hub bub about Diana is because of her tankiness. Its not her damage, its the fact that she has higher base hp, hp/lvl, hp5, AND hp/5 per lvl, as well as a double shield. Her health scaling is better than every single bruiser but Irelia.   She has ALL the survivability of a bruiser AND THEN SOME, and equally strong burst as any assassin, with significantly stronger burst if she double ults or uses her passive.   And don't give me any shit about her being high risk, or having no escapes. Every Diana will always take flash, and your slow and shield will get you out of almost anything. Also, no champion should be able to land a skillshot that goes thru creeps and be guaranteed a kill.
0	They're pretty evil to merchants, and send money out of your local economy to middle men in the US.  Admittedly they are a necessary evil for some, but if you must, at least use visa or MasterCard instead of AMEX who charge through the roof for their service.
1	To me, pre jungle rework, tiger stance was deffinately the way to go. you cleared the golem faster (single target meaning, not the camp) and you also had insane amounts of burst with the tiger activation, once you got madreds it became nearly impossible for someone to 1v1 you (unless it was a farmed Nasus)   More recently, with the rework ive been running pheonix stance, it works hella efficiently, and inplace of wriggles you get wits as first item.  so when you have red, pheonix, and wits procing, you're doing alllll that damage ontop of basic attack damage. it gets pretty intense. Udyr is just a very strong champion when played effectively, tiger stance is best used when you know you're gonna have alot of 1v1 scenarios (but who can ever really judge that) other than that, pheonix will be your best bet for clearing the jungle in a timely fashion
0	UPDATE   So everyone wanting an update this happened roughly 2 weeks ago and my dog is okay... She needed 5 stitches by her right ear on the back of her neck. The guy is just straight up being a dick about it, and he has been reported to our buildings managers, and his dog has a history of attacking other dogs around the building.( this is the most serious incident to date) Because the dog has not attacked a person he is under no legal obligation to put his dog down, unless I try to pursue that option through the court. The vet bill was $200 because the vet did not charge me as much as he should have for her treatment because he respected how well i responded to it and how fast I got her to the vet...The overall cost would have been around 500 due to the medication she needed....
1	Graves is a great adc, but while he has one of the best early all in's, can be easily bullied due to his below average attack range. He can be easily bullied out of lane if countered correctly.   With that being said, try an all in at levels 2 and 6. The moment you hit 2, rank your E, then E in for a point blank Q (Each of the 3 bullets do damage, 40% per after the first, for 180% of tooltip damage.). If you can land a point blank Q, you already have the attack speed steroid from the E, and you get bonus armor/mr from your passive to lower counter harass damage. But with the point blank Q, you will chunk them for at least a third of their hp. They HAVE to immediately run. They can't fight it, or they die. If you successfully do this, push it. You are winning. Those early all ins are very important to getting a lead in lane. ADC's that heavily out range him will bully him out in later levels if you dont abuse Graves aggressive kit and take an early gold lead.   You also want to do this at 6 if you are healthy. Adding your ult to the burst can easily drop them below half health with just E > Q > R. If your opponent is half hp or less, and you land everything, you are nearly guaranteed a kill.   The most important skill for Graves in team fights is positioning. Defensive positioning is important for every adc, since they're super squishy, but it's far more important for low attack range adc's. Positioned incorrectly and you are easy to catch. Champions like Tristana, Jinx, Caitlyn, Ashe, can be very hard to catch due to their fantastic range as they have more time to react since you have to close more ground. His ult is great for clumped team fights since the spray can hit most champs. His Q is mediocre for team fights as you want to keep your distance, and wont be able to abuse hitting someone with all 3 projectiles. His W is actually a great tool in team fights. The slow is minimal, so it's meh at best, but the blind is fantastic against casters. His passive is actually amazing in team fights. Late game it can stack to 30 armor/mr, making you a VERY surprisingly tanky adc.
1	because your relfexes begin to slow down as you age. its not that bad for league of legends where you dont need that high of apm or you dont  really need to react that quickly compared to say quake but the effect is still there.   that being said i agree with you about whinning little pro players in north america, but then again they are kids who are riding popularity first and pro gamers second imo. you cannot expect them to act any different. In my opinion this is one of the effects of people creating their own organizations they do not get more solid backing from people who have been doing "esports" more or less for years like dignitas has.   it comes down to. do you wanna be the very best or do you wanna get rich and have a good time playing videogames. this is something new for esports in general the notion you can actually make alot of money even  if you are not fatality ( and he was an enigma for esports). before what two years ago if you were not into starcraft(sc2 more recently) even if you were really fucking great nobody cared but other nerds.   imo lol created something of an esports bubble with so much funding/advertisment/goodmanagment whatever you want to call it that it rocketed the popularity really quickly in a way seen only to a more mild extent in starcraft 2 directly beforehand.  this creates pro's and makes them popular but they may not be the most obessed with being the best or nerdiest about the game. this can be a good thing or a bad thing because on one hand the pro scene is fulll of people who for gamers you can put in front of a camera and it keeps the scene positive. if you had some ubernerds in there you would end up with a shit tiny insular community full of impotent rage barely hidden behind the viel of the internet, but arguably the level of play would be higher.
1	I've gotten 3 S+'s before: 2 on Thresh 1 on Bard. That said, I believe the grading system for a support has to be judged very differently. I've had various KDA's unexpectedly score better than better KDA's. I think perhaps other statistics are heavily influencing for a support: wards placed, healing done, and cs. I say cs because supports typically have very low cs and therefore each cs is worth more points for a support than any other role. This is just a guess as I've noticed my games with a bit higher cs I've scored higher in. Just my thoughts.
0	Good for you! You tip and therefore are a regular member of society.   Anything over $25 and your $5 tip is unacceptable. 15% at lunch, 20% at dinner unless gratuity is added to the bill. These are the rules a gentleman should follow.   I grew up and live in the city of Chicago; John Hughes movies are a staple of my childhood.   Yes, I would ridicule you mercilessly - not by name calling but by really making you feel bad as a person. See I am really fucking smart and don't have an outlet to use this excess intelligence right now (school is out [getting not 1 but 2 masters degrees at the same time] and its summer so work is slow) and will plow all of that messed up shit in my head to making you feel exponentially worse that when a waiter gets stuffed on a tip.   You signed a social contract when you became a member of a society.
0	I didn't get into college because I couldn't focus outside of a private school setting (my parents didn't believe I needed ADD meds)   The private school was "a christian school" that my parents put me in. Because of my attention problems and inability to focus, they stuck me in a white room labeled "nursery" for 8 hours a day (only allowed out of the room for bathroom breaks, no recess). I left with straight a's because there's was nothing better to do than the school work in that room.   Once out of the private school (they closed it down). I did well in my Sophomore year because of the change and that new glow that Public school had. I still didn't focus but didn't fail because I did ok on the tests. Junior year and senior year my life dwindled into nothing because I couldn't focus on anything more than a couple of minutes and my folks weren't about to "drug"me. Their friend said I was just lazy.   I did well on tests so I passed high Shcool. My transcripts show my decline from a 3.67 GPA to a 1.8 GPA.   After the navy (couldn't go to college due to money and not having good enough grades) I moved away from my parents and got medicated. It was like someone just unleashed my brain. It took the bars off, I feel great; I can stay on task, and my intelligence level IS SO MUCH higher than I ever thought. All thanks to a light green pill i take twice a day.   If I could change the past. I would find me and give myself the meds my parents refused.
0	My take on the matter is this: there is very little American patriotism. Too often, all of the people I have met who do not speak English are extremely patriotic for their country of origin. My take on the matter is yes, bring your culture, and mix it into US. But leave your nation behind. If your nation is so great, why did you leave and come here? We are a nation of immigrants, yes. But we are also a nation of immigrants who left their country because it was not the vision they hoped. They came to this one to continue the American Dream.   I love foreign languages, and have already starting working on being fluent in German, French, Spanish, and Chinese. If I go to those countries, you damn well know I'm adding myself to their culture, not forcing them to adopt to mine. Unfortunately, now we have people living here who 1.) do not care about the betterment of America, 2.) do not even bother to learn the language of the people living here, but instead force others to learn their native language (which too many feel-good PC pseudo hippies are willing to comply with), 3.) cause (at least where I'm from) legal and social problems.   We have entire neighborhoods which are basically mini-replicas, some good (well-kept, nice, respected), and some bad (dirty, crime-ridden, unsafe)
1	I'm a Korean and I'll admit: native Koreans are fucking assholes. Yeah, as a nation we've been burned too many times in history by our neighbors. But that hate we so enjoy seems to have corrupted Korean society. We have the highest recorded suicides amongst high school students and generally the unhappiest students in the world. Our older generation generally advocate hate on the Japanese for whatve they've done to us in the past, but what hate does the younger generation need? They've never personally been through the pain and they certainly don't need to shoulder the burdens of their forefathers. To see Korean society now sickens me and I'm not unashamed to say I have no love for country. America's had its fuck-ups too but I'd still much rather live here than Korea ever. And its a shame that THAT attitude has leaked into a source of joy for most people: games. The whole DayZ ordea is bloody bullshit and players regardless of nationality don't deserve it. Ironically I take Japanese and speak Korean as well, so it saddens me  I have played with people from Japan and I have to say I love their attitudes. Much more friendlier disposition than Korean players as up now in my experiences. Sorry for the rant guys, but we should be doing everything as players, nay we have a majority of the responsibility and duty to transform LoL, open it to all regardless of nationality or skill level, and to price the toxic trash we call players.
0	I have a degree in English Literature. The correct answer is ALWAYS to use the pronunciation that would make you sound like less of a douche. More often than not, this is the common pronunciation. Unless you're in a situation that necessitates absolutely correct pronunciation then you should follow your company's lead. If you're the one who says the word first, you may pronounce it however you wish. However, if somebody already set the standard you almost always will look like a huge fucking douchebag by correcting them.
0	Reddit rallies behind net neutrality, meanwhile mods filter out a meme.   I was never a huge fan of it, but also never hated it. Why not let the upvotes decide what memes can be on here?   EDIT:
0	Obviously I can't speak for everyone, but the general consensus is that he was a good guy. He personally donated millions of dollars to setting up libraries for the students and he lived modestly only a few blocks off campus. As for his role as a coach, I have never heard a former player speak badly of him: he seemed to be genuinely invested in the success of his players, on and off the field.   As for his role in the scandal, I would be very interested to know how many of the people condemning him on here and in other places actually read the Grand Jury report. The fact is, Paterno's name barely even appears in the indictment. A graduate assistant reported to him that he had seen inappropriate activity in the showers; in response, Paterno notified the athletic director AND the head of the campus police. No, he didn't go to the State College police, and maybe he should have, but hindsight is 20/20 and at the time he had no proof except the words of a graduate student (who, incidentally, has received no criticism for the fact that he waited more than 24 hours to report the situation).   Paterno was not present for the subsequent meetings, and had no part in the school's investigation into the situation or their lack of action against Sandusky. He was not included in the emails related to the cover-up (that was mostly Curley, Shultz and Spanier).   Everyone loves to see a legend fall, but the fact is that he did what he believed was right at the time and I can't fault him for his choices. He DID NOT knowingly cover for a sex offender, despite the shock headlines the media loves so much. Tim Curley (the athletic director), Graham Spanier (former president), and Gary Shultz were the main people behind the cover-up, but no one clicks a headline titled "Curley Indicted for Sex Abuse Cover-up."   The reason we still like him at Penn State is simple: we've done our research, we've looked past the sensationalism at the facts of the case, and we've determined that he was a morally strong man who made one (in hindsight) regrettable call.
0	i wish there were more teachers like you. good teachers don't get enough credit, and admittedly i forget the names of the really good teachers i've had. unfortunately the one i remember the most was the one that actually bullied her students.   she was this shriveled up little woman in her late 60s, and she taught 6th-7th grade english at my middle school. luckily, i had her both years and had her as my advisory class (class period when you can do whatever, kinda like a break between classes). she would literally break kids' self-esteems like it was her job. i was a pretty obnoxiously happy kid, but like all kids around that age i was very insecure and had low self-esteem. i quickly became her favorite target.   in one instance i remember i had a homework assignment due and i had forgotten to do it. she came over to my desk (i sat in the middle of the class) and took away the book i was supposed to be reading, and asked "where's your homework YodgeDurango?" this being after 2 quarters of bullying, i quietly responded "i forgot it -insert name-, sorry," at which point she started getting in my face and yelling at me about how stupid i was and how i wasn't going to amount to anything, in front of the entire class. i started tearing up and she started yelling at me about that, and about how much trouble i'd be in if i started crying. so i just sat there, crying as silently as i could, until she went back to her table. at this point the entire class was staring, and of course that didn't help my predicament. after class i called my mom and told her i was sick and went home.   that was 8 years ago, and that one of the few things i remember about middle school. that class fucked me up pretty bad emotionally. people like that shouldn't be allowed near kids, let alone teach them.
1	But this is still in a way your mistake, for using it on the wrong person. If you came maybe it wouldn't have ended that bad.
1	SHC has forever lost a fan as far as I'm concerned. Abuse of minors and women should not be tolerated and has been for a long time in gaming. It doesn't matter how good he is, hiring him vindicates his past and his actions no matter what you think.   Gaming is a toxic environment that's subject to harsh racism and sexism. Hiring a guy who posted revenge porn of his underage girlfriend is not only sickening but a slap in the face to the gaming population that's are not only victims of sexual harassment/rape, but also women in general.
1	Its all PBE now so nothing is final. Its all very well written down in the patchnotes and the general
1	What you can do is different each game based on the role you are in, the way the game is going, and your personal skill mechanics wise. Wall of text inc.   If you are toplane, I would recommend learning champions that are hard to shut down ( I play a lot of teemo and jayce), and get good at winning lane.  If you are really above your tier, you will usually win lane and take tower early.  Then focus on pushing mid/pressuring dragon while still keeping your tower up in toplane.  After mid turret goes down, it is time to start thinking about grouping up and pushing as a team.  It is up to your team and teamfights usually by this point.   If you are midlane, either focus on winning lane, or if you don't seem to have kill potential, roam for kills.  it is harder to take the tower in mid, and often you can get yourself killed doing it alone.  Unless you can kill your lane, roaming (don't roam too early and get behind your opposing laner) seems to be the best option.   as a jungler, I think you will have the hardest time carrying the game, because it is hard for you to do anything without your teammates following up.  Identify which lanes are good for ganking, which lanes might need help, and which lanes are a waste of time.  If the enemy toplane is kennen, either gank early, or don't plan on ganking unless your toplane has CC.  read the gank before it happens and make sure you can actually kill the laner without your lane dying, 2v1 isn't always a guaranteed success, so don't bait your teammate into dying.  As a jungler, you decide when dragon can be taken, so keep an eye on every lane's progress and determine when you can gain an advantage safely.   As an ADC, again, your mechanics should win lane, but regardless, farm as much as possible and be present for teamfights.  Don't be farming the jungle while the rest of the team is at dragon or pressuring a tower, because you are the one that can do the damage to get these objectives, but don't run around the map aimlessly.  If you get bottom tower, move up to dragon or up to midlane and take mid.  if you aren't there as the ADC, it is hard to take objectives properly.   As a support you can carry just like every other position, but you aren't able to come back from a bad situation single handedly.  Like the jungler, you are very reliant on the team, but that doesn't make you unimportant.  early game, you are a laner just like everyone but the jungler, and your job is to make your ADC win lane.  In mid-late game, your ward placement often determines who wins.  You set up a perimeter for objectives, and you keep your carry alive/initiate fights(a lot like the jungler).  The higher the level of play, the more powerful the role of a support/jungler becomes, so it can be harder to climb the ladder in these positions in my opinion.   Hopefully this helps, it is all about how you progress the game in my opinion. You have to lead the team and if you are a higher tier player, you will have the K/D/A for them to trust you most of the time.   I'm only gold V right now on NA, but this is just because i don't play ranked much... my winrate is great so far.  My IGN is whiterabbi
0	Because a smart, witty, typically good looking (ish) man of mystery swoops in and takes seemingly ordinary women on extraordinary adventures, whilst regularly praising how brilliant and amazing they are despite in most cases the women being nothing more than completely generic. The companions are placeholders for the female viewers to identify with, shoes they can substitute themselves into. It's the idea that the Doctor can find the brilliance in anyone, then whisk them away on romantic adventures among the stars. Female viewers can say "I'm just as amazing as them, if only someone would see that like the Doctor would!"   On the other side of the gender spectrum, guys can either imagine themselves being the Doctor, who women swoon over, and who is always in control, even when he isn't. The show panders the occasional, or as of recent seasons all to regular, moment where the normally calm and goofy Doctor reveals his dark gritty side and tragic history. He goes from goofball nerd that gets the girls to quiet badass who you shouldn't underestimate. The male viewers can say, "He's just like me. Sure, he's nerdy and goofy, but he's secretly a bad-ass!"   In both cases, the viewers are able to project the characteristics of the show characters they lack onto themselves. It's indulgent escapism, but there's not really anything wrong with that. If you've ever watched an anime it's clear who they're pandering to, with countless shows featuring wholly ordinary male high school students either being called upon to save the world or suddenly having women swarming them or friggin both. And you know what? It works. People eat that stuff up. Comics used to be like that. Sidekicks used to be a way to let young readers imagine themselves fighting alongside their heroes.
0	Well, the drag racing game itself was pretty popular.  One of the top free apps at the time.  They had a Facebook account and had lots of followers.  The guys that produced the content and I had made a name for ourselves in the game, we started the whole concept of racing as a team in the game.  So we made a name for ourselves there, once we created the app all we had to do was say hey, you could be as fast as us.  It was also named after the team we had created, and we got permission to use images from the actual game.
0	I just ignore it. I've spent my time there as an "angry atheist" but once my venting was done I saw it for what it was, a venting box.   Unfortunately, some people don't grow up out of it and start acting like adults. I mean, they bash people who pray in lieu of actually volunteering themselves but then they do the same shit by criticizing religion's hold on society and then doing nothing to change it. They could fight it by volunteering for equality groups or Americans United for the Separation of Church & State (shameless plug), but instead they whine on the internet.
0	as someone who has studied actuarial sciences (aka people who make the baselines of the premiums)   insurance is a gamble with a reverse payoff. imagine playing the lotto in reverse. you can keep buying lotto tickets to make sure you never have to pay the million dollar jackpot.   the reason they ask so many questions, usually ask for payment in advance, and base it off all aspects of your life, is they've figured out how much you're going to cost them on average. at least they're going to put the same house edge a casino will put ~3% over that in case its a bad year.   i've been in apt's the last decade, and never had an option for 20 dollar a month insurance. its always been reasonably expensive, close to 500-1000 per year. i've never had to claim it and saved at least 5 grand in exchange of being in a fire/robbery or other low likely event and would be on the hook for most likely 15k-25k in replacement costs.   for some people they think its worth it.   for most actuarial people they carry the min out of pocket insurance possible, never term life.
0	Here's the catch though. Its one thing to say a show is 'white' - but its another to actually be racist in policies of making a show or a channel. In fact, not only would there be backlash, there would be legal repercussions. And yet BET is actively racist against non-blacks without said repercussions.
1	A  few astute summoners have noticed that Pantheon's ultimate is acting a little strange since the 4.7 patch, carrying a much longer landing time.   Riot Draggles responded to the thread, nothing the bug/change as logged: "Hmm, thanks for spotting this, I'll escalate this right now and report back when I have more info." He continued: "Not sure if it's intended or a bug, but either way it's now been logged; the tooltip doesn't match the game so something's going on!"   Pwyff also stepped in to comment on the bug and the hostile title of "Riot ninja nerfing to sell Dragonslayer Pantheon": Thread got forwarded to me and I'll ask the team to look into it.  As a side note, even if this was detected to be an unintentional ship, the process to deploy even a single change to millions of players is slightly more complicated than flipping a switch, so it might be a little while to hit this. In other words, bumping the thread nonstop after we've confirmed we'll be tracking it down may not be the best use of your time :)  As an additional side note, can I just mention something? For some reason it feels like you're going out of our way to assume negative intentions, even when there's never been precedent. Given that we've never 'stealth nerfed' a champion (that's an insane gamble for player trust) to sell anything, but we've shipped a lot of accidental nerfs / buffs over the years, I find it hard to jump to the conclusion that this is the time we switched our mindset.  If this was indeed an unintentional ship, the other thing I'd apply is Hanlon's Razor ( but maybe a little nicer on calling us stupid. I'd say more like occasionally careless, but I'd also counter that with the fact that the ecosystem of League's code is incredibly complex. There are millions of different unrelated dependencies, so changing one thing can have unintended consequences on others. As a great example, when we shipped our global +4 armor to all champions to compensate for the armor rune nerfs, a few champions who were getting skins / model changes (Twitch) ended up shipping without the armor buffs because their code dependencies forced the old armor values. No malicious intent anywhere - just a lot of change.  The skins team loves to make skins, and the gameplay team strives to ensure the live game is healthy at all levels. The only major times those teams jump together to coordinate a skin launch is when we're trying to ensure no major champion updates hit after a skin launch (and that's so it doesn't lead to massive player confusion). Outside of that, it's just not player focused to be trying to maintain a live game ecosystem while also trying to maintain some kind of skin launch cadence. So we don't do it. And you can see this in the times we blatantly nerf a champion as a skin is coming out (sometimes it gets tragically coincidental and I get headaches).   Just throwing my two cents out there. I realize I'm not going to convince everyone with these kind of things, but pleasant conversations are nice :)  Also I'll pass along the Quinn stuff. There are a few comments I'm noticing with models getting locked in certain directions while casting spells but that might be a bigger problem to tackle. Also I realize AD Malzahar is a thing, but it's also a very weird niche thing that requires high-level knowledge of Malzahar to pull off. Promoting AD ratios might give it more visibility and honestly just cause confusion. For all of the above, there also comes a cost of prioritization. Every change we make is potentially a different change we can't make. Even if we hire more coders, the fact is we have one kitchen and if we cook a billion things at a time with a billion chefs, we're going to get our orders crossed up.  I lost track of that analogy, but the
1	Frets on Fire teaches you to move your hand.. a LOT. Heck I use any possible part of my hand to play! xD   4 Fingers on  Q W E R  here, and all of them alternate, I just instinctively press the button I need, Actives in  1 2 3 4 5  and get this Zhonya's in  C  (Thumb on the Space bar and paniC button)     Pinky  gets  Q  mainly, and alternates between it and  attack move  and  1     Ring  gets  W   mainly, and  2  and  3     Middle  gets  E  mainly, and  4     Index  gets  R  mainly, and  5  and  T  ^(Laugh binding ^I ^play ^lux ^a ^lot ) and  D  and  F  and  G     Thumb  gets  Space  mainly, and the  V     I hit  CTRL  with the side of my hand to level up an ability, and  ALT  with the palm of my hand to get the self cast.
0	No it's not...the growing pains of societal assimilation is a bitch. Not ethical. Booze makes things less awkward when you can't work, have no education and don't know why the English are doing things such as work and school. Lets just say, if whites were forced to become native through a forced transition...they would most likely only have booze to abuse and pass on as a prominent behaviour.
1	I was placed in plat 4, and got teams that fed to the point where I wish there was a surrender button at 15 minutes until I dropped to plat 5. So this caused my MMR to become shit. Now, I can't queue without getting teams that are going to lose no matter what unless i play something somewhat broken like teemo or fizz.
0	No, I litteraly can not, I've tried, but the space between my tieth is so non-existent that when i try, i just saw the flossing wire thingie in two, but no need to worry, i have things to replace the flossing, small thingies to clean the gum between teeth.
1	The meta used to be 2 top, 1 mid, and 2 bottom, with some roam. Then people discovered some champs could survive in the jungle at level 1, and Riot liked this. Season 1 Championship, European teams were the first to introduce the adc/support bot lane, which was quickly proven as the best. That's sort of the
0	As a tall dude (6'5") I usually lightly tap peoples shoulders or the top of their head to get their attention when they dont hear me say "excuse me". Tapping their head, at first, they have a "WTF" look on their face then they see a giant (me) and laugh a bit then I get the normal "sorry" (moves)
1	Every strat listed here is used in League, we just call it something different or it is executed in a slightly different way. Let's make some comparisons.   4 protect 1 . This is similar to what CLG does sometimes with Doublelift (even though he claims they don't). Let's take an example of a team comp that does this: Vayne, Thresh, Cho, Zac, Orianna. This comp doesn't mean only one champion gets farm, it just means that when there is a choice who gets farm, the 1 gets it. The focus is getting Vayne super big and everyone else peels for her, letting her shred through the enemy.   Hard Push . Unless you just joined the League scene, you have seen this used for a while internationally. We just call them push comps. It's part of the reason why teams swap lanes to get a 2v1, to push down a turret, get an early dragon, and snowball from there. Granted, it is a little different in that a push comp team doesn't have to win by 20 minutes, but the basic concept is the same: get early global gold and snowball the game.   Split Push aka rat doto . Usually in League, we consider split push 1 and 4 - one champion pushes one lane and the other four push another. But it can also be 1-3-1 or 2-2-1. The latter is less popular, but it isn't too uncommon to see a Zed pushing one lane, Shen in another, and then the other three in a lane as well. It's almost a given that if Shen or Zed is on your team, you will be doing a split push at some point in the game.   Tri Core . To see this in League, take away the LoL designations and use the Dota ones. For example, ADC = 1, Mid = 2, Top = 3, Jungle = 4, Support = 5. Now you judge them based on who is the farm priorities, not lane positions. Let's take a look at a TSM team comp and see how this works (TSM vs. Dig, week 8 LCS) and give them Dota designations. Turtle was on Graves, there's your 1. 2 and 3 are pretty interchangeable (which isn't out of the ordinary in Dota either), we had Dyrus on Jayce and Regi on Kassadin. Oddone was on Nasus, there's your 4, and Xpecial had Thresh in the 5 position.   This team comp has 3 main carries, 3 champions you need farm on to do well, 3 main damage dealers, etc etc. Graves, Jayce, and Kassadin are your tri core, Nasus and Thresh the supports. Nasus gets farm to be tanky, but not at the detriment of one of the cores, and Thresh inherently is not an easy champion to pick off (compared to other supports like Zyra or Janna). Put a Philo Stone on him and there is his farm.   Global Ganks and/or Team fight . Once you hit 6 on some champions, globals become very scary and coordinated teams get aggressive. I don't think I need to explain why TF, Shen, Ashe, Nocturne globals can be very scary.   > I knew mostly everything except for the strats, really wish there was more of that in league tbh   It IS there, you just need to look at it a little differently. Apply the terminology from Dota to LoL or vice versa and you will see the similarities. I used to think the games were very different too, but I did some quick study before TI3 so I could understand what was going on and I realized that they are both MOBAs with the same goal and same fundamentals - it is the nuances and execution that are different.
1	Although this themes are a bit weird they are not terrible just need work. As for the "getting less traffic" i don't see that happening. I am still kinda of a reddit noob but it says 7,860 summoners are logged in right now with a total of 172k summoners subscribed or whatever..  that is actually relatively high compared to any given day and what i use to see a month ago with only 2-4k online per day. The only reason traffic may be getting less and i find this from my stand point is not because of the change its because of the threads that are getting made each day/ hour are getting shitty. I'm finding less useful information and stuff to read so i visit less. Not because they changed some theme and may or may not look crappy. sure they could fix it up a bit but honestly i don't care if it goes back or not.   Just my opinion though.
0	Uhh fuck no. It doesn't. It talks about how kids get trapped in a web of suffocating expectations, etc. I don't know where the fuck you get off about talking about "the most inferior race on america". Also > It is still 90%+ culture.   aka > Some bullshit number I pulled out of my ass to justify my stereotypes and hateful attitudes.
0	I presume then that all your emotional responses are appropriate.If you had one that was inappropriate would you seek therapy...to control it?   I think your confusing inward emotion with outward display of emotion, or behaviour?   No, you just try mask that emotion that you FEEL and attempt to SHOW something else. Sometimes it's hard, for example somtimes you might cry when you shouldn't or laugh when you shouldn't. But Unless you have some kind of extreme emotional responses or a mental illness you don't need therapy to control your emotional responses..   Emotions are naturally occuring physiological responses, we do not have control over that immediate physiological and psychological response..we have some control over what we do with it and how we act on it, our behaviour, but our FEELINGS are generally presented to us from within..if this was the case that we could change it, would we choose to feel grief? Wouldn't we be able to just pick up and move on after a trauma instead of needing years of grieving and perhaps therapy?   >a more useful belief is that in humans we have stimulus==>choice==>response   This may be true of behaviour but not your immediate feeling or unconscious processes or emotion..choosing your immediate emotional response sounds like something an emotional-less psychopath would do to blend in.   And offense or taking some insult in response to something that deliberately insults your culture and something you have internalised all your life is an appropriate emotion response in my view. Acting on it in a violent way obviously is not.
0	I had a similar situation but was quite a bit younger. When I was 11, I was told to say my goodbyes to my mom who was terminal and living on support at home, but I had been playing Starcraft online and was so concerned with getting back to my game that I said my goodbye and headed back to play, missing her last hour alive. I still feel terrible about it but I think it was my way of coping with everything.
0	It's all about context. If a kid does something they know is wrong and/or lie to try to weasel out of the consequences or if their behavior puts them or others in danger, perhaps so long as the right measures are taken to connect the punishment to the crime.   Parents who just like to smack their kids willy-nilly because they failed to establish the proper boundaries or because they are simply frustrated/impatient are doing more than potential physical damage to their children though.   Corporal punishment for minor or relatively harmless infractions sets the stage for connecting violence to any and all problem solving in the kids' head. It can stifle any sense of initiative or curiosity that a child may develop for fear of pain. It makes the child hesitant to come to you with any problems or questions because they automatically assume they'll be punished somehow.   The problem is that parents may view corporal punishment as an easy way out rather than actually contextualizing behavior and associated punishment. This can be even worse in the case of unwilling and particularly stressed (financially strained, unplanned pregnancy, single parent, etc) families.
1	I've been building botrk, shiv, and lw/hurricane mattering on how much armor the enemy has.   Randuins has not been an issue yet, although I have yet to see people build early frozen heart and randuins, which I'll admit probably poops on your couch.   At the same time, that sets up any mages(duo ap babee) to just wreck the tankline in teamfights/kite fests.   The thing is I 1v1'd an Olaf as adc'because the active allowed me to just stay out of range long enough with Caitlyn scoot'n'shoot, and netgun. Pew pew pew!   They will nerd the active somehow. IMO it will be the movespeed leech being removed or lowered, because it makes not having the item a liability when the other team has gap closers, or has their own botrk adc.
1	I had a duo in normal blinds this morning that straight raged at me. Now, I mostly play ad carry or support these days in soloQ but I'm not all that good with sivir so I took it upon myself this morning to give her a few practice games before work to get used to her play style as I'm more used to dash ad carries(graves, vayne, corki, etc) well needless to say raka leaves my lane 8 minutes in so it's me vs siv/poppy, regardless of the multiple dives on me I still go 5/8/3 with double farm.. That aside I did pretty crappy but that's why I'm there practicing a toon I'm unfamiliar with.. Pretty much this duo blames me for losing yet has less farm combined, about the same number of deaths and then continues to rage telling me how bad I am. Since when is normal blinds such serious business... I mean seriously... There is nothing on the line and this kid nearly had an aneurysm. I'm merely there to work on sivs kit... People make my brain melt. I don't even get that mad when people troll in ranked... I just put them on ignore and keep rolling. It sucks to lose but shit happens, I'd hate to see how some of these folks handle problems in the real world.
0	True, there are practical uses for it, but often if it's a post from say r/funny to r/pokemon, from a much larger subreddit to a smaller one, it's just redundant.  The argument could be made that not everyone subscribes to subreddits just because they're popular, and that quality (although I really doubt anything quality in the vein of "Hey everybody, you really need to see this quality, discussion provoking post!" would ever need to be posted from r/funny to r/pokemon) posts would need to shown to a different, thriving community, but often x-posts (I find, in my own personal experience) come from one bloated, circle-jerking subreddit to another (for example, r/gaming to r/funny) in what is most likely an attempt to gain karma.  And although many get up on their soapbox and say that karma doesn't matter and they're (I'm cringing as I use this god awful term) imaginary internet points, people still karma whore and people still fall for it, and it ruins such vibrant communities such as r/pokemon (shiny pictures aside).
1	Had a freaky dream about LoL recently.   Somehow, all of the sky was black. Not a moonless night, 100% horror film, you can't see your hand in front of your face black. Most of my relatives were at our house helping us move stuff. I asked my dad some question, his response was 'Ya bring your TV and PS3, it might be worth while after.' or something. Turn back to my computer and a few friends are telling me to join them for a game. 'Sorry guys, I'm at the center and we need to move. I should have internet in an hour.' They agree to play a game with out me and I shut off my computer. No idea wtf it's about, but it kinda freaked me out.
1	No one really needs a "mansion" like Curse.NA. The main part should be the "come together - play together" feeling and that you learn something about how the ppl react on stuff in RL as well, to understand their behaviour and mentality a way better. But why do they need a huuuuuge mansion with a pool 20 floors etc? Its just not necessary to invest so much money into a mansion where as a normal house can do the same thing.   E.g. when I see the VODs of the CLG-Mansion, there are like no furnitures in there, the resound is kinda annoying and the mansion looks really messy. I wouldn't feel good in that kind of environment.
0	Animal control is not the same thing as an animal shelter. Yes, they serve a similar function when it comes to re-homing animals, but the larger service is community health and safety. Bureaucracies are bad enough without putting red tape in the way of putting down a highly dangerous animal. There would also be the issue of overcrowding, which is already a problem in no-kill shelters. Adult animals are very rarely adopted when kittens and puppies are available.   Some animal control locations will give the babies a longer opportunity to be adopted, but then you have infections due to close quarters with other animals - URIs in particular. A more ideal situation is fostering out the babies for socialization, but even then there's a limit to how many animals a single individual can take in at a time. That's also not going to help an adult animal that isn't social enough to be appealing to a family looking to adopt.
1	Travis also gifted him some kind of LoL hentai book for his last birthday and he wasn't exactly unhappy about that.   And if you look in Links room in the CLG house, you'll realize you got one hell of an anime freak as your best bud Double.   So
1	Why am I not surprised that everyone's talking shit about CLG's teamfighting this game :I. Well no shit, there's no way they could teamfight when you have the best Rumble player in the west land perfect zoning ults every single fight.   To be fair, there's not alot of ways 'in' on that C9 comp. Sure you have J4 and Maokai, but you have a backline that   A, was getting zoned out by Rumble ults all game (That's Balls for you, best Rumble NA).   B, Was not fully itemized to handle the Zed dive (Doublelift was never able to farm up a QSS since CLG desperately needed physical damage).   And C, did NOT pick Janna over Thresh this game despite having all the engage they needed with J4 and Maokai (I know they wanted to zone Balls out of CS in the lane swap, but Haunting Guise/Sorc Shoes needs 2600 something gold to make where as Maokai needs ROA/Upgraded boots which costs around 4000 something gold. Rumble's gonna get those items one way or another, so zoning him out to the max isn't gonna do much, especially when it's Balls's Rumble)   I doubt anyone's gonna upvote this or even pay attention to this, but CLG never stopped making good decisions this entire game. They were constantly proactive trying to get the right teamfight engage onto C9, but C9 wouldn't let them. You could say the Baron stall was extremely questionable, regarding the inhib push, but to be honest it would have worked if only C9 derped around and only started to bait baron when CLG's Inhibs came back up
0	My first job out of college was at a call center assisting folks with their 401k. 8 months...it broke me in 8 months.
0	Also posted this elsewhere, but relevant here too:   Don't use add blockers. If you want quality entertainment made by producers with money to spend on it, someone has to pay for that entertainment. It's a very small price to pay to watch 10 seconds of commercial so that the creator of the video can get paid.   I'm not just talking about youtube. I'm talking about all types of internet media. The adds are annoying but they ultimately are our friends, because they encourage people to produce and stream quality entertainment to you  FOR FREE .   The biggest disincentive that television stations see to airing their content online for free is the idea that most of their users will use addblockers and thus the advertising agencies will not pay much for add space.   These days a lot of internet adds are becoming interactive. They do things like ask you to answer a quick survey as opposed to watching the add. Add agencies get a huge hard-on when you take the time to answer their silly questions (it doesn't actually take more time than the video adds, sometimes less). It indicates to them that you are paying attention, and it also gives them some marketing research. This incentivises  them to pay more for the media  YOU  want to watch.
1	You meet people in a similar life situation as your partner when you are with them, if things go south for you something may have already started with someone you've been around.
1	Okay, I think you misunderstood what I said. I understand that pidgin is an alternative messanger. I was dumb to assume that others have basic programming skills, sorry about that. You see there is a variable in league that represents your status, when you type in that text field you're changing that variable, in the league client this variable is also programmed not to exceed x amount of characters. In cheat engine you can allocate this variable in the way I told you, then edit that variable in a way that is not allowed in the client since cheat engine doesn't even "see" that in the lol client this variable is limited. Pidgin doesn't see that this variable is limited as well, which means that if you change the variable (your status) in pidgin you don't have a limited amount of characters, if you have to allocate it or not isn't really relevant. In other words, any 3rd party program that lets you edit your status in league, unless programmed to the same character limit, will let you to have a longer status message.   And depending on how the league client's servers work, in my theory this is what happens (since this is how most peer to peer networks work), this variable is stashed on a server and your local directory, when you edit the variable with a 3rd party program you never actually edit the servers data, you allocate the local data and change it, not the servers. But since lol is a semi-peer to peer network (peer to peer basically means that people are downloading info about about a summoner from the summoner in order to lighten the pressure from the lol client's servers) the variable is downloaded from your local directory when asked for, aka, when people on your friend list login. The only instance where the variable is changed on the servers is when you edit it on the lol client and press enter, at least of my awareness there's no 3rd party program that lets you send that kind of information to the servers. So your local variable isn't the same as the one on the server, it will appear as changed, temporarily (until you restart your lol client).
1	But the parallels he's drawing aren't similar, at least I thought.  Gargoyal is saying that the victim should not be blamed for placing themselves in a situation where they may be wronged. The behavior of the wrongdoer shouldn't be tolerated, and they should refrain from placing themselves in the situation.   CanadianSpy is saying the victim is at fault for placing themselves in a situation where they may or may not be wronged and making it seem as though the act of wronging is both commonplace and accepted by the community.  He is also saying the victim should be the one to avoid the situation instead of the wrongdoer.
0	This is what I always think when I see the posts saying "bring it on" and such. Yeah, it's easy for us ordinary folk to say that, we are confident we will win. But it will be at a cost. People will die if war breaks out whether its an inevitable victory or not. Dont get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with being proud of and confident in your own country. But it does seem some are almost willing war to break out so they can sit and watch NK burn. But at what cost?
1	Because since League of Legends started becoming really popular in China, the global LoL competitive community fractured. From Season 2 World Championships we went straight into NA+EU LCS without any international tournaments, which prevented China from showing itself on the international scene.   By that time, the Korean scene had already developed beyond the capabilities of Chinese teams.   Your team's performance at S2WC was not "perfect" in that you lost at the quarterfinals. So did Invictus Gaming and World Elite (iG 0-2 M5, WE 1-2 CLG.eu). China therefore arguably  as strong as  NaJin at S2WC, but maybe not quite as strong as the top EU teams or top KR teams.   At S3WC, Royal did not have to compete in Groups. In the same way that this was a significant advantage for TPA at S2WC (picks/strategies kept hidden so that you only need to win 3 matches), it is hard to estimate how much impact this had on Royal's performance.   You could argue that because Royal beat Fnatic, CN>EU. However I think Royal was an exceptional team to China's skill level, and that the  average  top 4 EU team were probably better than the  average  top 4 CN team. It's hard to then say that because the top CN team beat the top EU team -- in a match where Fnatic looked particularly weak (not even bringing out their TP strats that got them to that part of the finals), where Royal hadn't had to show their hidden strategies (for example, support Annie)?   It is very hard to get an idea of where China sat in skill terms relative to Europe. But since people were saying "China are so good! Amazing! Much better than EU, maybe as good as KR", I think they're  overrated . Still very good, but not as good as people say.   Royal were easily shut down 3-0 against SKT T1, a team people said were  amazing  and they proved to be  amazing .   S2WC/S3WC are arguably the two most important LAN events that gauged the relative strength of China. China proved that they are very, very good: teams from China were making it into playoffs, which cannot be said about NA. However, they were approximately as strong as Europe, and inferior to Korea.   That does not mean they're bad -- they're either the 3rd or 2nd strongest region in the world depending on how you want to argue it.
1	Vayne is crazy fun but she is a very passive laner that generally doesn't trade at all except for when your jungler comes in or you get a good wall pin at level 6 on the adc and they don't have a Nami support.   With her item dependency as well as level dependency to do any real damage it's best to get really good at cs-info and freezing the lane just outside your turret range. Level 9 is your big "roaming" level. Generally by then you've finished your BorK and your fancy boots and you can really start dishing it out.   Around level 9 is when you get your jungler to come gank (tell them to stop doing what they're doing and come get 2 free kills with your mid laner) and either kill the enemy bot lane or push them off turret and take dragon then go win the game cause you'll keep getting better with every item you go back for.
1	Not gonna read all the advice everyone else gave, but I will say that Vayne is one of the hardest ADCs to play. Her only "damaging" ability is her E and that launches people away from you, pretty counter-intuitive for a champion who is meant to deal the most damage, right? I remember when I first played her I didn't understand how to move and attack; honestly, that's why I bought her, because she was hard and I was accustomed to playing mages, some of which--Brand--have all their abilities do damage to enemies. I am starting here because Silver 5 can mean many things, you could have 5 ranked wins and be freshly 30, or you could have 500 wins and have just made it out of Bronze. All of this being said, I would suggest trying a different ADC. Not saying switch your main, but play someone like Caitlyn or Lucian. The reason I suggest these two is that the way you outplay your opponent is intrinsic to their kit; your q does damage, your w has utility, your e can be an escape or initiate, your r is really easy to use. With Vayne, everything is all auto-attacks all the time. Even more than that, Vayne is 100% about positioning, and out-positioning your opponent is incredibly challenging (see: World Championships). Caitlyn or late-game Tristana can be far more forgiving with how you position, Vayne not so much. You said that you are always told that "Vayne has a crappy early game," playing these other ADCs will help you to understand why she is crappy and how to play her appropriately. And no matter how much advice you take or understand or apply, you will probably still lose most of your lanes, but that is something you will learn about Vayne (and any and all ADCs you play subsequently) is that getting farm is how you win.
0	As someone with several suicides in the family, one of them gun related. Each person, with the exception of the gun suicide tried multiple times. I dont argue that it's based on impulse, but the numbers don't really tend to revisit the same people to see if they ended up going for another method. One cousin tried an otc pill overdose, didn't work so they tried wrist cutting, didn't work so they tried drugs.. that one worked.   They may not 'go to plan B' in one sitting, but to think that removing 1 item from them will fix them is not right either. Guns add a finality to it to be sure, and making sure they aren't around them is good. the problem is politicians use this as a stepping stone to skirt real issues and take guns from everyone they can. The number of people that are thought to have depression is huge, but most of them are just a little depressed and will never pose a threat to themselves or others. Ask a politician though and a case of 'the monday's means the person is a suicidal homicidal maniac just waiting to quench their thirst for blood.
1	He is also coming from a different culture where walking is more widely used to get from locations.   Korea isn't like America where driving everywhere is expected
1	Il say it. Atleast i'm proud of acomplished diamond 1.in solo queue. And seeing other getting this banner from a 3on3. Game. Just annoys me. Solo queue is harder because you getting to queue up with 4 randoms and have to find diffrent playstyle and it takes much longer to get plat/diamond tier in solo queue than it  would in 3v3. The banner would also lose its worth atleast in my oppinion because now it seems that you dont have to fight that hard for it.   Sorry for my english.
1	Maxing Q gives 60 dmg/lvl, E gives around... 40 dmg/lvl   E can't be determined with dmg/lvl, because you never know how many spears you will hit before activating.
0	The only restrictions are that they can't fire you for being part of a protected class (fired for being black, or old), and 'Employment seeker' doesn't count as a protected class, and they can't terminate you in a way that conflicts with your employment contract. If it is in the contract that you need advance warning, or something to that effect, but I highly doubt McDonalds would have that in their default contract, and I highly doubt OP made revisions to the employment contract.
0	Yes, your scar is an issue for some guys. So is your hair color, your ear lobes, your fingernail length, foot shape, bone structure, and literally every feature that you have.   Likewise, a lot of guys won't care about those things, and others will find them attractive.   Stop bitching about your body. You're only as hot as your confidence. I personally have way too much hair. My ass is a bush (I'm a guy) and a full body shave lasts about a week before it's back at forest territory.   Drives me up the wall. Some women hate that shit. Current girlfriend likes it. I got lucky I guess.
1	I like building Rumble 21/9/0 with Magic Pen Reds, AP Quints, Armor Yellows / MR Blues.   Always start Boots + 3 HP pots. I used to start Doran's Shield but recently  I've been having more success with Boots + 3.   I personally go   QWQEQRQWQ then max W then E.   I combo by hitting a slow (E) then shielding to close the gap, then flamethrowing (60 heat). If possible, use your 2nd E in there to amplify the slow (it stacks!)   Boots + 3 --> Revolver --> WotA --> Sorc Boots / Merc Treads ---> Rylai's --> Rabadons --> build according to enemy team   I like when people dive me at my turret and I ult, shield, then flamespitter. Thanks for free kills.
1	Well you haven't been stuck with shitties then. A fed Sona (I was practicing support!) can't go 1v1 with a shenbot warping in all the time or an annie omgWTFing you with perfect accuracy.
1	Mostly you want to compliment your AD carry, but there's a sort of weapon triangle involved in botlane: Poke beats Kill beats Sustain beats Poke.   Poke vs kill: Poke lanes depend on wearing down opponents to either force them out of lane or set up for a kill at low hp. Kill lanes don't generally have sustain, so they lose the war of attrition as the poke lane harasses without getting in range of their wombo combo.   Kill vs sustain: Kill lanes rely on the aforementioned wombo combo to 100-0 their opponents. All heals now are fairly weak, and have to be repeatedly applied to have much effect on the hp of the carry. Basically, it doesn't help that you can give your carry another 150 hp when you're already taking 1000 damage in a couple seconds.   Sustain vs poke: Fairly obvious. Ever try to play support Maokai vs Soraka? Yeah, it sucks. The sustain laners can go where they please and don't have to worry much about getting zoned out. This one's more of a wash than the other matchups because it mostly depends on how much damage the poke lane can put down per heal, but overall the sustainers will be able to zone without taking much in return.   Don't take that all as gospel, of course, but there's a definite tendency for certain types of lanes to do well against each other. Also realize that not many lanes are pure poke/sustain/heal. Soraka can poke with her silence, Maokai can go for the combo with his root/knockback, Alistar can heal his laner. This triangle is also, by the way, a big contributor to how supports match up with carries - Soraka/Trist ends up being pretty bad, because Trist wants to jump on people but Soraka just wants to heal. Similarly Cait/Alistar, where Cait doesn't really have the burst to pull off kills most of the time.
1	I've been Plat 3ish for a couple months (and only won 4/10 promos so I'm in Silver now...), but I had the same experience back when I was in bronze.   Weird enough, when I tanked my normal MMR and played with my bronze friend, everyone was EXTREMELY polite. So polite that I felt horrible if I didn't do well.   I remember one game in particular...   In queue: lots of communication (not like in plat where everyone just locks or calls 1 champ), asks teammates if they can play this or that, offering to fill.   In game: Usually poor performance, but everyone has bad games. Occasionally when I'm playing a new champ I'm not familiar with the damage of, I die. And these guys just go ":P". No "f  u f ing nub im reporting you wtf kid" like in my division. I wondered how long they would be able to keep up the politeness until they jumped over to the dark side. 12 deaths later, still ":P". I felt so incredibly bad that I did my best to help them and win the game together. Quite a few of the queues were similar. They filled me with this sudden desire to be in bronze, but I knew if I dropped to bronze full-time...I'd probably bump into the same people OP described, so I didn't.
1	helth regen is underappreciated due to the fact that it does not help late game. late game you have a team fight for 5 seconds, and who ever is left wins. now there are eceptions such as mundo, where this health regen is so great that he can almost tank hits without takeing any damage.
0	What if I told you that isn't hypocritical?   She wants equal rights. She wants you to pay for her food. These are not mutually exclusive. It's like saying you can't be a feminist and want to be sexually dominated in the bedroom. Or you can't be a libertarian and live with your parents. There's no connection between the two of them.
1	This is actually the worst course of action, taking example from Dominion. Introducing draft mode will separate the normal queue, which will get pretty small in population after the novelty runs out, in 2 smaller populations. Now instead of one queue being decent, there will be 2 somewhat bad queue. A lot of people will get bored in queue and ditch TT. The draft queue will shortly after be abandoned, and there will be a small population of fanatics on the normal queue.   The purpose of Ranked queue is dual. First it's draft mode, second and more important, it introduces some sort of point system that people will strive to get, thus keeping more people in the loop for longer until it reaches a critical playerbase.
1	Another thing he said which really made me change my perception on losses: "The season is  really  long, like it's almost a year. You're in no rush".   This has led me to not care all too much about losses, and focus on improving my game in general. I realised that I can't win every single game, it's just not possible. So I focus on the next game and move on. Before anyone perceives this in the wrong way, I still care about winning - I just don't get frustrated if games go badly.   This is something everyone should be aware of. Having this mindset will make you pay more attention to improving, since you shift attention from getting frustrated. I.e. Instead of "fuuuuck I died crap crap crap, now i lose LP", it's more like "Hm, well we lost this teamfight, checking their dmg output is this I need to get this item, we should splitpush etc." Instead of having a destructive mindset you have a constructive one.
1	Riven is a beast. Talon is good for pubstomping, but Riven rapes solo top at high Elo. She does retarded damage and her harass with Q's + autoattacks + stun + shield out is powerful. She can AoE a whole team.   Graves is also good AD, but Trist/Cait/Vayne are also very strong.
1	DISCLAIMER: THIS IS LEGIT "HOW TO CLIMB" FROM GOLD TO PLAT  ^(by Gordon Ramsay)   Hi guys. Last season I climbed to Gold 1 from Silver 4. Basically it was more like rush from S4 to G5 and then I rot whole year in Gold. It was fun, because you can witness a lot of great plays here, you meet a lot of smurfs and overall I was happy to be in Gold, decent league. I did this "climb" mostly with playing top and mid (khazix, lux, jayce, lee sin). After elo reset I ended up in Gold 4 (down from Gold 1).   After reset the level of players drastically dropped down. I was struggling every game with ragers and flamers. It was like new silver. Then I told to myself I can do better. I don't belong here. I'm better than actual gold players. I think we all have been there...   And then I read this post:  I said to myself "I like jungling, but then all my lanes are losing". Then I didn't have idea how to snowball winning team. After that I found Meteos advice usefull - fight other jungler. I messed up a bit in gold 4 with trying to jungle with 60% win ratio and then I got to Gold 3.   In Gold 3 I decided I must improve myself. And I told to myself that people blaming the jungler MAY BE RIGHT. I blamed myself for everything and started to get better and better removing all mistakes from my plays. I still do a lot of them but getting better means HARD WORK. You can't get better if you play with "meh" attitude. Things that help me to win:     Time every buff and dragon, don't be lazy     Set up taking another dragon and your/enemy buffs. Don't gank top if you know that enemy/your buff/dragon is spawning soon on bot side of the map   Carry always one green ward     Carry always pink ward when going for dragon or switch to red trinket after level 9     Ward this small bush for your mid laner, preferably pink ward (one of every two games my pink manage to stand there whole game, best investment ever)     Fight enemy jungler all the time, keep him busy     Babysit one lane, scare your opponents     You are the playmaker and decision maker - engage when you got good position to do so     Prevent your team from making dumb plays     Call people to group before taking dragon, make sure they will support you     DECISION MAKING is winning games       Now with that attitude I rushed from G3 to P5 in one week, it wasn't even hard. I got into plat in one series. I can't believe I was struggling S3 so much. Now, when I'm in platinium (which I consider new bronze, seriously: preseason gold > new season plat) I'm on my way to diamond. And I know that if I'm consistent enough and if I work hard enough I will make it.   For those who are curious about my junglers:   Amumu, Lee Sin, KhaZix (before nerf), Pantheon, Vi, Nautilus. Amumu is scary as fuck. I play him AP. You almost delete their carries before fight. Even if you die = worth. Lee Sin is the best jungler in my opinion. Easiest to take/steal objectives.
1	The guy's right--Rylai's is incredibly gold-inefficient for Maokai. The health/AP stats should never be the reason you buy Rylai's because they're low for the cost and the passive slow proc does not scale well with Maokai's high cooldowns, not to mention that he already has CC.   All the champions you see that typically go Rylai's have spells with very low cooldowns  (Cassiopeia, Karthus, Rumble, Singed, et al). WotA is more gold-efficient in every way for Maokai, especially since double-WotA is so absurdly strong right now.
0	Good on you brother! It makes me happy when people finally get out of abusive relationships, be it the guy or girl aggressor.   I was stuck in an abusive relationship a few years back. I was dating this girl (I was 24, she was 27) and we ended up moving in together after almost a year of living at her mother's house.   She was one of those crazies, that once you sleep with them the first time, they "unleash the beast" so to say.   We were in a studio apt for about 6months, where I was the only one working as she couldnt keep a job. Due to her either being fired for drinking on the way to work or just sucked at the job. I wasnt allowed to have female friends, I wasnt allowed to talk to my ex gfs, I wasnt allowed to talk to anyone online while playing video games, I was on lock down.. When she actually managed to get a job, I caught her numerous times "leaving early for work" to get extra hours only to find out she was going to the liquor store on the way to work to get a 350ml of vodka to drink on the way to her job.   I worked at Coke at the time and was making about $11/hr @ 50+ hours a week, she would complain that she had to drop me off at the plant at 6am and come pick me up at 4-5pm when I got done with my route (I drove a bay truck and stocked vending machines all damn day). She also demanded sex at least 2-3 times every day (which after damn near 12 hour shift of slinging cases of coke five days a week, was really hard on me.) Damn near every night I had to walk across the street to the corner store to buy her a pack of cigs and a stupid four Loko or two. I  thought  I was in love even though all the signs were there and my friends/family telling me it was a huge joke to be in that relationship.   I wanted to leave all the time, but I was stuck. I had no where to go, no one to run to. No car. She was my only way to get to work.   Near the end (the last 2-3months before I left) the neighbors called the cops on us at least 12 times in that span. Every night the cops were there, they'd make  ME  leave because she was always drunk, even though I was the one paying rent, but she owned the car, which I wasnt allowed you use when I was told to leave for the night. One night I was forced to leave at around 2am, so I walked for an hour and a half and took a nap in the breakroom at the Coke plant.   The last straw for me was the night she started swinging at me in a drunken rage. Soon after the cops were there. I had scratches and bruises on my face, neck, and legs. My shirt was torn off and in pieces on the floor. She went absolutely ape shit. The cops did a quick investigation, saw the cans of beer on her side of the bed, took her outside and arrested her for Domestic Family Violence. She spent the night in jail and was released the next morning on a $1800 bail through a bondsman. The apt management came the following morning to serve us eviction papers and told us they werent valid yet unless the cops were to show up one more time, that was it. I told the lady, "Its fine, Im leaving tomorrow anyways". That day I went down to the office took my name off the paperwork, had my parents come and help me load up my stuff (I had everything, TV, Bed, Chairs, Table, dishes. Everything was mine.) I left her that day in an empty apt, no money, no job. Just left her high and dry. Havent spoke to her since. Got a new phone and changed my number.   Now Im dating a wonderful single mother of 2. Her ex husband put her through pretty much the same shit, then walked out on them. Her kids love me, and always ask her when Im gonna come around to play. I couldnt be more happy now.
0	If I (or my offspring) broke something that belonged to them,  I would call and tell them, expecting them to ask for some type of reasonable replacement or reimbursement, which I would agree to.  If that person instead jumped straight to calling the cops, or going to small claims, I am now going to strive to make sure you get as little as possible.
0	You must keep your eyes on the target, which in this case is their eyes. They won't be able to see you with their shit eyes, and you get off scot-free when they can't identify you. No sex offender list, no one shits themselves, you hit the crazy lady with some shit karma. Boom!
1	Playing without chat really isn't that hard. I've had several games where I just muted my entire team right at the start and still won. The pings work fine for communication.
1	But but, i tell you. these spells doesn't land at the same time? if i say there is a bug. there is a bug!
0	My brother coined the term "refrigerator effect" to describe this situation.  He says that women at work are like food in a refrigerator.  If you are at home hungry and you go to the fridge, you might open it, see crappy food, and close it.  About 15 minutes later you are hungrier and you go back to look.  The food is the same but now that jar of pickles is starting to look better but you don't want them so you go back to the couch.  Give it about an hour and you will go back to the fridge and eat anything out of it.  Same thing happens when you see a woman everyday.  She just starts looking better if there is no food anywhere else.
1	Yes indeed, mirror match-ups are not fun. As of late I've been leveling a smurf account on the LAN server for tournaments (I'm from Costa Rica but my main account is in NA) and it is ridiculous that there is no normal draft mode enabled in the server. There is so much strategy lost in not knowing what you're playing against and to be honest I think it dumbs down the game. I can't imagine how rough it would've been for me to not have draft normals previous to playing actual solo-queue to get a grasp of team comps, counters, bans and so on.
0	Trust me I could write an 18 page paper on how public schooling in particular does a bad job with smart students.  (Funny because I did for my Master's degree.)  We focus ALLLLLLLLL of our attention on low performing students all year long because well, our school gets a Letter grade at the end of the year.  And if you don't get these kids to perform, then we are screwed.  (I teach at a low income inner city type school.)   I make a concerted effort every single day to challenge my more talented students.  Some teachers don't, and they suck.  I don't suck.
0	Another tip... do this at home.  Do this before you're in the presence of someone that your son/daughter might have to shake hands with.  I can remember hating, as a little kid, when my dad would see someone and then "remind me" that i needed to say hi and shake their hand.  I just always felt like it made me look like a baby even though the intent is to make you look like an adult.   Also, at 29yrs old, my parents still feel the need to include such greats as "rthaw, you remember so and so, say hi."  And, "rthaw, did you say hi/bye to so and so?"   Like no mom or dad, I just wanted to stand next to them all day and feel weird.   I'm 29 years old and function on my own in the real world as an adult human being... I know how to say hello and goodbye to people lol... Ahh, parents!   The abbbsolute worst is if I tell my parents a story or something going on in my life, and then one of their friends is around... they say to me, "Oh, do you have something to tell them?"  Or, "oh, he has something to tell you."  Like... If I did, I would've told them.  Right now it just seems like YOU have something to tell them.  So... tell them already!   Even after they've raised you, they're never done raising you...  I'm sure I'll be the same way.   Sorry about the rant...  holidays are coming up and I'm just dreading these interactions.
1	play easy to pick up and solid champs like leona...in this elo you can really carry as a tanky support because your enemies dont know how to punish you...if they use one of their major abilities (for eyample morgana tries to cage but misses) signal your all in with a ping and e straight in..just dont dive and you will have an easy early :)
1	So, this is brought up a lot. Here's the thing: Elo works fine as a rating system for LoL, there's just much more variance due to having each player count for only part of the win. On top of that, since there are many roles you may be forced into, rating a LoL player with a single number is problematic: You're factoring in last-hitting, reflexes, positioning, knowledge of builds, knowledge of counterpicks, teamwork, communication, skillshot skill, and a host of other things into one number. Of  course  it's going to vary. Hell, your Elo is never perfectly accurate - some days you're tired, some days you play when drinking, etc. As an approximation of your rating? Yeah, it's pretty accurate. There'll be people who have bad luck/good luck streaks, but on the whole I'm reasonably comfortable that 99% of the players are within 200 elo or less of where they "should" be.   One thing I think a lot of people fail to realise is that Elo isn't a matchmaking system in Chess -it's a rating system. Obviously giant disparities tend to be avoided, but the point of Elo is you can measure what a 1400 player's chances of winning are against a 1600 player. They're there, and they're real - the point isn't "better player wins every time." It's "better player wins most of the time."
1	Riot made a few supports' utility spells decay with time. The slow on Janna's Zephyr, for instance, will now last longer (or decay slower) based on how much AP she has. As a result, they nerfed the AP ratios on it. This is also seen in Lulu's Glitterlance/Whimsy, Nami's passive/Tidecaller's Blessing, and in Sona's passive.   You're right, old supports will still be useful (just may not be seen as often, for now at least).   It seems Riot wants to focus more on the utility side of traditional supports, but tuning down some of their AP ratios in other areas (damage wise). They want you to pick a support based on it's utility and not solely on it's damage output. Which is rather contradictory because the support role will now see a large increase in gold throughout the game.   Supports were good at ARAM before 3.14, and that will probably not change. They are still getting tons of passive gold and the new gold items may or may not be that effective. It's like buying philo stone before. Sure, the gold comes in, but it's rather slow because of how gold is distributed passively throughout the game (even without philo).
0	I read your comment wrong : X.   Well, bitching about it doesn't change it.  To be blunt, suck it up or shut the fuck up.   If it's causing you an inconvenience no one wants to hear to whine about it.  I'll tell you right now if my parents bought me a computer, phone, headphones OR paid my tuition, I would be the happiest motherfucker in the world.  I pay all of that myself, on top of being 21 and living by myself paying for rent, heat (which is expensive as fuck), food/household items, internet and car insurance.
0	Taking antidepressants can really fuck with you. I wouldn't recommend them ever. They only work if you find the right one for you and if you don't they make you feel worse. I've been on 4 different medications trying to control my depression. Eventually I just stopped and felt 1,000 times better and didn't want to kill myself anymore.
1	I suppose a lot of players in SK are going to get benched.   Huh? Kev1n's been their best player all season, regardless of this last match, so there's absolutely no reason to bench him.   hyrqBot has been consistent throughout the season, so I don't see any reason to bench him.   Ocelote has become better over the course of this split and benching him would be an incredibly bad decision by SK, considering his huge fanbase transmits to SK having more fans as well.   CandyPanda has also been one of their best players, absolutely no reason to bench him.   Nyph is hardly their issue right now, so they don't need to bench him either.
1	Me and my friend were running Vayne Annie in bot lane with Vayne using the Relic Shield to get some extra gold for Annie. Annie herself were using Spelltheif's Edge spending most of her time AAing and general harrassing of our enemies. She went for a full ap carry build with DFG etc. It went well and she ended the game with the most gold and most dmg done to enemy champions.   We tried this several time and it worked every game. Some bot comps would destroy us no doubt but not the ones we faced.
0	It's still valid contribution to the discussion, and in my opinion a good one. Reddit comments are cool because theres so much to them and they can go on tangents and initiate discussion and debate. And with that there is no one stopping you from only talking about the content. I find your comment a hell of a lot less valid to the discussion than u/ewdrive's.
1	I think there's too much in the box thinking when it comes to zac skins.  While ideas like Debonair Zac are cool, it's just Zac in a suit and people seem to run with the idea that putting Zac in different suits is the only option.  This reminds me of when people didn't like the Fire Dancer Draven idea because he wouldn't have axes and therefore wouldn't be Draven.  Sometimes we get hung up on little aesthetic things like that.  But look at Irelia with her many differen't haircolors and styles... and that booty... Annie with all the different tibbers, Jax uses different weapons, etc..   What if Zac's actual physical form wasn't the Majin Buu Shaped humanoid.  What if there was a Gromp-like Zac skin where his stretching strike is a tongue attack instead.  And instead of unstable matter just being an expansion, it could be a frog croak that puffs him up, obviously slingshot becomes a frog hop, and a giant gromp zac bouncing around with poison particles and lilipad nonsense for an ult would be awesome (disclaimer: said awesomeness is just an opinion)
1	Your friends just have to learn it the hard way. My friend's sister who is 14 wanted to start the game after seeing us play for so many years. I was the one who kept saying that she won't enjoy playing it and it won't be as easy as it seems.   But she wanted to try and yes at first it was painful to watch, she didn't do anything stupid like walk to towers but against enemies she just stood there and cast skills without dodging enemy skills at all. She didn't last hit at all, my friend played few games with her and I spectated their games and told her some tips.   Right now she's lvl 26 (with only like 3-4 games with premade, rest solo) and I spectated her game recently, she has improved a lot. She knows how to farm a lane and look for a right time to fight the enemy rather.   so
1	mobas are relatively unique in that the cumulative advantages are combined in a team game. one by-product of this is that, when you are personally losing, even though you become less able to control the game (and thus start having less fun), at the same time you cannot concede (as you would in chess etc) because there are other people on your team.   control of the game is not everything of course, as being rewarded for your decisions is also part of what makes this genre fun.  shit's about balance. and so the question shouldn't be, should you be able to throw the game, but to what degree should you be able to throw the game. opinions on that will differ (clearly, you're not in favour of the current balance), but i think a lot of riot's success over icefrog and s2 is because they realised that most people prefer the game to be less punishing.
0	How old were these people? I feel like this has to be when you become homeless at an older age, or just stuck in a cycle of extreme poverty your whole life. I couldn't fathom begging, I mean if I had to, I would do it. But if I had any other means of getting by, I would take it in hopes that I could work my way off my feet. Now I'm young, and finally starting to learn to apply myself fully. I haven't lived an uncomfortable life, not an extravagant, a few vacations in my entire childhood, and the excuse was always some sporting event. Haven't even been on an airplane. But I've always had the security of not having to move around a whole lot, not that I didn't ever have my own worries, but I always knew my grandpas were pretty loaded based on how big there house was. So I wasn't ever seriously worried of being homeless and without food.   So after a brief life summary, you can see, not wealth, not poor.
1	Yeah. There are a lot of things Riot isn't doing that I, and many others, believe they should be doing, but they do talk about it. They communicate with us and with their pro players a lot. It's great. But you're right. We're spoiled and bitch a lot. A lot. On Reddit and on the league forums.   On the other hand, I think it's cool that people are coming up with ideas and essentially helping Riot develop a better game with lots and lots of things to think about. The only time it becomes an issue, and I think it's important to make this distinction, is when people make a suggestion, Riot team decides not to implement it, and then the person/people/community who came up with the idea, with their sense of entitlement, decide to, as you put it, bitch and moan.
1	Whatever you do... Do not listen to your boyfriend, do NOT become meaner. Do not become the reason why I fear the soloqueue button... I can relate though, this game is affecting my personality too.. I get these "tantrums" if you will, where I just rage at everything that happens. I try to keep it off the chat though, and only flame at my monitor, which really helps actually, you get it out of your system, but you don't hurt anyone/make anyone else just as pissed.
1	But that's the thing. Everything you're saying right now IS TRUE. You can play whatever you want in whatever role and define it by the champ not the role.   Lets take a few examples of champs that have even gotten big in the "meta" for a time.   Ez/nasus jungle. Totally redefined the jungle role. Because they didn't really jungle. Just farmed jungle sometimes, then made pathetic ganks that pushed out the laner and pushed down towers.   Double bruiser bot lane. Not seen too often outside of the challenger scene but a known type of kill lane.   But you say that "champs made for that specific role can't lane. Yes there are supports made specifically for the support role. But for jungle that's not true at all. Pretty much every jungler can lane. Lee, Elise, Kha, all laners.   Basically what you're saying is "supports shouldn't be defined by supporting abilities? Aka shoved into the support role.   This to me is a bit silly. Because they aren't. Even in the current meta. Zilean, support or mid not sure, same with lulu, morg, etc. Yes there are a few like thresh and braum that can't lane at all, but saying that EVERY character should be able to play EVERY role is just silly. You literally can't do that.   You can't have every champ be an all around champ. The reason thresh is awesome is because he gives up pretty much everything for massive massive utility. Would you rather they scale back his utility so he can lane? He'd just be a mediocre champ.
0	The difference is, our problems don't really put us in any danger, and if we weren't told, we'd have no idea what was happening because, relatively speaking, our problem is pretty small. Sure, it's against our constitution, and we're not happy about it, but for the most part, it doesn't affect our daily lives a single bit.   To put the NSA situation on par with Egypt's situation is kind of like when the rich kid at your school complains because the convertible top of his corvette is leaking while you're riding your bike in a thunderstorm.
1	This is honestly the first "Riot change the way you balance" post I have been on board with.   As a support main, the number of supports I feel that are viable simply because they build different items to fill different niches is outstanding. I love it, and I wish they could add the same diversity to other roles. People always say "oh if there's a new item then it'll either be better and become the go to item or it'll suck and never be used" but I don't really see that being the case. Things with unique passives or actives such as essence reaver and ardent censor are two great examples, they aren't good on everyone, but they are a stepping stone for champs who use them well to become viable.   That all being said, I think Riot is slowly coming to the same conclusion and I have faith that we'll start to see some more new items and open up the champion pool.
0	If you were to make a mistake in exercising your office, that is one thing, an action in need of psychological support and perhaps even retraining.  I do not believe anyone will say there is an expectation of perfection.  Everyone makes mistakes, and the greater the responsibility, the more grave the mistakes when they happen.  Your office gives a weight of responsibility.  It is your fundamental responsibility to NOT lose control.   We are not upset that LEOs are not destroyed for mistakes and realistic slips of judgement.  We are angry that LEOs are not held accountable for savage acts of unwarranted aggression, for the utter corruption of the supposed responsibility they accept.   As for the bar situaiton, what about backup? Where was your partner?  I'd be willing to bet it is your firearm that is more readily available, rather than the taser, and that you've trained FAR more with the firearm that the taser.  There are a dozen questions that could be asked and they are all easily asked because I was not there.  These are the questions that must be asked, and answered.  If there had been a bystander videotaping the situation, would you not have been exonerated in a court?  You were protecting someone who was in need of protection, and my hat is off to you.  Many cops are not so altruistic.  I know because I have been involved.   Addressing your
1	If something someone does is incredibly OP/imba it can be described as  "real."   If something someone does is incredibly UP/retarded it can be described as "real."
0	I don't care for Bleach but I leave it on for background noise. Full Metal, Ghost in the Shell, Cowboy Bebop, Casshern Sins, and Deadman Wonderland are all pretty fucking good though. I kinda miss Durarara!! but that's because I was too lazy to actually pay attention and finish it.
0	That's not my point, the point I'm making is that the entire issue is blames at the source rather than the given facts.   Kids, in general are mobile idiots with hormones.   Think about it this way, given what you know now, does any of it really matter? ANY of the bullshit you had to endure? No, you are alive, and (possibly) well behind a computer living a life.   But at the age of school children and young adults, they seem to think that LITERALLY the only thing is to do a drastic measure, LITERALLY kill themselves, LITERALLY shoot up a school.   I'm not saying "fuck them" I'm saying, they have NO possibility of knowing their actions, simply on the fact they don't even THINK they have options.
0	One of my very first jobs as a teenager was showing cars where to park at an auto auction every Saturday morning.  The cars would pull into lot, my friend would point to me, and then I would specifically point to the correct spaces.   One hungry day we had no cash to eat so we decided to charge each person a dollar to enter.  After a couple hours our pockets were jammed full with dollar bills and when anyone asked for change it was a silly mess.   One of the managers friends mentioned it was odd he had to pay a dollar to enter, and when the manager came storming up to fire me and my friend, he told me to pay his friend a dollar back.  I reached into my pocket to grab one dollar hoping the rest wouldn't come out, but it did.  Dollars everywhere, flying around in the wind.
0	Ive had this happen and i swear it touched my asshole. I freaked the fuck out and started looking up stuff about porta pottys and std's. Im terrified of catching a disease from a public bathroom even though i know its SUPER improbable.
1	I main Orianna just because, after trying a few games with her, I found that her play style just "clicked" with me.  If a champion's play style does that with you, you normally find yourself  wanting  to play them as often as possible.   That being said, I enjoy variety as much as anybody, I switch heroes almost every game. But whenever I'm on a losing streak, I go to my good old Orianna.  I probably have over 250 games with her now, just because I have fun playing her, win or lose.   That being said, a friend of mine (who has played even longer than me) has yet to "main a hero."  It's just not what he does.  He plays a different hero every game.
1	The reason is so simple... EU LCS is in the morning/ early morning in NA.. middle of the week. Very few people can whatch it from NA. In the other hand the NA LCS is in the weekend and start at 9 o'clock (CET) at night. Lot of people can whatch it from EU.
1	I dont understand why the LP system and MMR are seperated. It's like it grades you in 2 different ways, so you don't know which one to follow.   I think the current system is nice in its base, but it should follow the Elo system in the way that theres no hidden MMR that determines how many points you win/lose. This in effect means that you always play against people around your  Division  instead of your  MMR .   This could be done by integrating something like a hidden streak system, which is at base 0 (like currently if your MMR = Division). If you go on a winning streak, you get more points per win, if you're on a losing streak, you get less points per win until you bring it back to 0 (it shouldn't have an upper and lower limit, as to avoid 0/100LP per game of course)   This way, whatever league you're in represents where you actually are, and is not just some very inaccurate representation of MMR, which is your actual level, but hidden.   If this is not clear, let me give you an examplw with the current system vs my suggestion:   Current:   You're Bronze 1, Silver 1 MMR, Promo to Silver. You win 2 and purposely dodge 3. Your MMR is now Gold, but you're still Bronze. And you can keep doing this to have a Challenger MMR Bronze account.   My Suggestion (streak system):   *To explain this better I have to give a more definite example of the streak system. Let's say it goes from -10 to +10, and you gain/lose +-1 per game. You get +-20LP with a streak of 0, and an extra 1 per streak point (If it's -4 you now get 16LP for a win, and lose 24LP for a loss).  This is just a very bad example of it to explain it easier   You're in Bronze 1. You're on streak level +10. You're also in your promo to Silver 5. You win 2 (since +10 is the limit of streak level, you stay there, and purposely dodge 3. You now are at streak level +7, and you're still Bronze 1, and still play against high Bronze/low Silver players until you get out, even if you do this over and over.   To implement this, either players in a division 5 will stay there like it is now, and keep playing vs peope fom or around that divison  OR  you can drop (demotion series?).
0	My old school introduced iPad 2s, and since it has done my sister's grades have dropped dramatically (she goes to that school). I've visited classes where the teacher has asked the pupils to write something down, and you can clearly see they're just playing games.   The textbook idea was a good one - but, at least for my school, it never worked. They couldn't get digital copies the books they needed, and they couldn't get copyright to scan them into a digital form either. As a result, the kids are carrying all their books as well as an iPad. There aren't even lockers for their books anymore, because the school assumed they would no longer be needed.   But that's not the worst part of it - what annoys me is how it segregates the class. The iPads have to be rented through the school. It costs Â£529 for three years - about Â£300 more than buying a brand new one. Naturally, there are families that can't afford that, especially when they have more than one child in the school. So you end up with a class in which just one child doesn't have an iPad. Children are cruel, so you don't need to use much imagination to realise these children are going to be bullied for it.   Finally, our school got a lot of publicity when they were first introduced for being one of the first in the UK to introduce the iPads into the classroom. That marks out any child in that particular uniform as carrying a very expensive piece of tech, and that it in itself seems very dangerous.   It's been a total disaster, but the headmistress refuses to admit and so grades will just continue to drop.
0	Late but oh my god! This is 100% accurate of my girlfriend's current roommate. This girl would kick my girlfriend out constantly (once at 8am), and then when I would be there? WHO SLAMS THE DOOR? every. single. time.   My girlfriend's group of friends had a dramatic falling out with this girl (no shit), so now it's incredibly awkward. I don't sleep there ever now, and my girlfriend avoids her own room like the plague.   I can't wait for next year, when I never have to fear seeing this horrible human being. And for when I hear that she has completely pissed off and alienated her new "friend" group.
0	Because we felt like our culture was underrepresented. There was a time when having a television show staring black people was unthinkable. There was a time when there was no rap music on the radio. The exact same thing is happening right now with LOGO(the gay channel); if they don't make their own stuff, then there won't be any good gay content on TV.
0	I think of anal sex like basketball.   When I'm watching the pros play basketball, I want to see big huge dudes doing dunks and spin moves and all kinda of crazy moves.   When I play basketball, I just want to get a few laps running up an down the court, get some exercise, maybe hit a jump shot or two, try a hook shot.   If I try to dunk and slamma jamma and do all these between-the-legs hot-dog moves, I'll just end up looking like an idiot, losing the game, and in all likelihood injuring myself terribly.   Same goes for anal sex. When I'm watching the pros, oh yeah, I wanna see some sexy, hairless, toned people doing some kinky ass-pounding, DP, gaping, slap-that-ass kinda banging.   When I have sex, I'd like to do a couple two three four positions, maybe enjoy some oral beforehand, have an orgasm and get my lady one, and go crack a beer and chill in bed for a while.   If I tried to have that freaky anal butt-loving with all the ATM and the piledriver and whatnot, I'm certain there would be hair and blood and poo and god knows what involved, and I'd be unlikely to have a good orgasm, and someone certainly might end up injured, if only emotionally.
0	I went through a particularly nasty divorce not too long ago. I sat in our old bedroom while she was out of town, probably with that other guy, and I opened a drawer. Inside was the pistol. I picked it up, slowly loaded it with ammunition, and sat there, wondering where it all went wrong.   I guess I just couldn't believe the gun was in my hand. It was so heavy. I sort of stared at every little detail up close, then I picked up the phone and dialed a suicide hotline. It was fucking busy.   I laughed out loud and dialed again. Got through. I tried explaining that I didn't know what I was doing, that I'm a full grown man with everything to live for, and I didn't know why I had this fully loaded firearm in my hand. I was scared. The voice on the other line told me something that I never would have thought of.   He simply told me to unload it, put the ammunition down, and go into another room. I did, and suddenly the gun wasn't in control anymore.   I looked at it, and was just an empty, meaningless object. It seems like such a stupid thing, I know, but I honestly would never have thought to just unload it. It posed me no harm when it was unloaded.   Just wanted to share.
0	As a small business owner for 10 years, this isn't the case. A worker works hard because its their mentality and they want to get the job done. Raises come as a reward for hard work they've done. All my employees start between $9-10 an hour and work their way up. Those that don't work and spend all day fucking around never last long and don't get to see the $20 an hour waiting a few years down the road.
1	WHAT IS DECAY? If you are in Platinum or Diamond, after 28 days of inactivity in a particular ranked queue, a couple things will happen. First, youâ€™ll be hidden from the standings in your league. You will also lose LP depending on your current tier. Every seven days thereafter, youâ€™ll lose LP until you play a match in that queue.   In the Master and Challenger tier, players will decay after becoming inactive for 10 days; this is to ensure only the top active players are being showcased.   The number of LP lost following each period of decay is shown below:   Master & Challenger: 250 Diamond: 50 Platinum: 35 If you fall at or below zero LP as a result of decay, youâ€™ll be placed into the next lowest division. If youâ€™re already in division V of your tier, youâ€™ll fall into the next tier down (for example, Platinum V to Gold I.).
0	The SNAP program is actually run by the USDA so because they say you can't use food stamps to buy alcohol, you can't use food stamps to buy alcohol anywhere in the US. That said, the goal of food stamps is to typically ensure that the persons in the household have enough to eat  namely children who can't work or apply for their own food stamps.   What I find to be the problem is that you have families like mine. Middle class, parents were able to pay bills. We were able to get by, but there were some close times here and there. My mom would do all sorts of things to save money: wait for sales to buy meat or buy the older meat that was about to get thrown out (kroger actually will grind up meat for you so an old sirloin could sometimes come out cheaper than the hamburger packages of equivalent size), buy the off brand stuff, use pasta to make the meal 'bigger'.   We weren't eligible for the EBT program because we were essentially part of a middle class cliff of sorts where our income as a household was too high to be considered for aid while our actual income was just barely cutting it.   Later I worked as a cashier, where people with EBT and SNAP benefits (same thing) would buy the name brand stuff, the good meat, the stuff that wasn't on sale; basically they were getting so much in the way of benefits that they didn't need to care about what they bought.   There was actually this one person who would come in and buy this 'lucky clover chicken' or something. Basically really nasty chicken that would leak all over the place, but by FDA standards was still edible (and having had it at one point for a huge BBQ it does cook the same). They paid for it with EBT and then basically said they were going to feed it to their dogs.
1	I think you should just increase your normal MMR by winning against people in your own level before aiming for higher. Since if you play with higher, you'll just feed ( Happens to me when i duo queue with my diamond buddies ) because i'm just not that good.
1	meh, the girl is pretty nice but the cosplay is cheap. She doesnt even have the scar on the left eye, which is Katarinas signature feature. The top is poorly chosen and the belt under her neck is missing completely. Its practically just a chick with a red wig and a short leather jacket. But it says WIP, maybe she's improving it still.
1	Honestly if you don't know the basics of the game (farming, vision control, laning tactics) then its super worthwhile because it will get you up to speed really quickly with the first few videos. Sadly though if you are reasonably experienced in the game and you understand the importance of farm, how to lane properly, and importance of objectives then its not worth it.   For me i've played since release (after beta) and we learned all that stuff as it evolved through conversation. I would imagine newer players who didnt get that experience would really need this so I would recommend skillcapped for that.   So the negatives are:     It costs money (not that much but still, there are free services)     Doesn't seem to be a way to skip some of the intro videos that cover basics     Champion walkthroughs are nearly useless unless you've never played the champion before. If you are frequently wrong about what to max on certain champs it will definitely help with that.     Relatively few videos so far (they advertise as if all champs/topics are covered)     Kinda lengthy videos, could use a mobile app (unless i just dont know about it)     Some presenters/teachers are not good at all, low quality audio mostly       Other than that its not bad but there is a free youtube series I found MUCH more helpful as a pretty experienced player.  CLICK HERE  and actually not bad quality for the most part. Not trying to be a dick I like that someone is recruiting experienced players to make vids but its not worth the money at the moment unless I'm a new player.
1	Does not make a whole lot of sense since it says we won the first match. We have to play round 2 by the 15th of july, which I in my good intentions was trying to setup. However on the brackets it goes as far as round 4, which shouldn't have been played before the 20th.
1	SPOILER ALERT: They did.   Here's an example, Samsung released their galaxy s4 active that is can handle water right? Guess what, someone from AT&T told reddit that it actually "can't" and the warranty on the S4 Active is void if the source of damage was water and you can't a free replacement.   Now   The  employer  released a video saying it can do that while the  employee  from their call center said that it was false.  Should  Samsung have done that? No but the money from their contract is still coming.   For Team Siren   Not only did the video get everyones attention but it gave them a  name . Now it wasn't a great  name  but it got their name out into the League of Legends community. The video itself was too cheesy and serious and this community would not like it.   >Its their team, why not? if they didnt like the video THAT much, leave the team and form your own
0	At a recent Halloween party me and my boyfriend went as Bob and Louise Belcher from Bob's burgers. He normally sports a beard but for the costume he shaved it all off except for a mustache.   I literally spent 3 days straight sewing my costume from scratch (I screwed up the ears, super sad about that) yet all he did was shave his beard and throw on an apron and EVERYONE was raving about his mustache and his costume. I can understand but still, after all that work sewing my costume my sore fingers and back were none too happy about all the attention his mustache got.
0	I only slightly agree with you. You don't want to let your own flesh and blood die without helping him. Let him stay and eat but give him conditions: he has to get a job, and he has to give you all his money he earns so you can manage it for him, and give him a 9pm curfew, and any other rules you can think of. If he fails at any of these one time, he's out on the street, no questions asked. You gave him the chance, and he failed.
0	I really feel Hilary is going to have the same problem Gore did. She already sees herself winning this thing with minimal required effort on her part. Its the "I have been around so long that I am a shoe in".  I think one of the big things that worked for Obama is we didn't know much about him. Same thing worked for Kennedy, Reagan and Carter. They had political background but not extensive political background. Its hard to sling mud when you don't have much to choose from which is one of the reasons why most of mud slung at Obama was about his birth origins, what else could the other side attack. Hilary and Jeb have been in the public eye at a very high level for a long time, especially Hilary. We know that the Republicans are going to be Bengahzi to death, why let them, elect someone else. Now I am not saying we should give the presidency to a person with little to no experience every time, just that it is hard to tarnish the image of a person based on their politics when that is the case.
1	I might be in the minority on this, but (with no disrespect to his new voice actor) in many ways I prefer the old voice. It was a bit subtler, and had more of a serene, "divine" sound to it. It wasn't as "macho" or aggressive. Like he wasn't stooping to the level of his adversaries, nor trying to be "menacing" as such. (The new voice has this seething hiss to it, which feels very generically "video game badass".) And, while resonant, his old voice didn't have that super-heavy echo filter.
1	I saw somewhere else in this thread suggesting tags and I agree with having stream advertisements be tagged and limit the posts that are solely stream advertisements. Along side with this id allow people to post their own stream in their other self posts that have a video of their own gameplay in the body of the text where the focus of the post is the video but it also says hey here's my stream if you enjoyed that. They wouldn't gain karma for the video post but they might gain viewers for their stream while providing quality content to the subreddit like montages and highlights.
0	I can understand where you're coming from and although the guys that replied to you are getting downvoted for some reason despite them admitting they don't mind larger areolas, I for one have dated girls with small, large, and almost nonexistent areolas (yes, and trust me it looks more awkward than larger areolas) and personally it hasn't effected my opinion or sexual experience with them.   I also, as a man have larger areolas than most men, although its nothing  major, it has made me self conscious when I was younger. Since then, no woman has ever cared, so I am a little bias when it comes to men having a small peen as more demoralizing and emasculating than having a large pair of areolas would be.   Like you said too, a woman/man can get an areola reduction, a man cannot get a penis enlargement...they don't exist (as far as I know).   Edit:
0	Let me just say: I am a firm believer that the  different  strengths of men and women can work together harmoniously in any environment be it work, the home, research, games or what have you for the benefit of everyone.   I've had this whole feminism/chivalry conversation w/ a female colleague (senior to me) several times.  I initially struggled with the seemingly contradictory treat-me-equally attitude mixed with her complaining about douche-bag guys not opening doors for her on dates.  My conversations with her made me realize that the lack of chivalry she was complaining about didn't exist because these men were consciously choosing to treat her as a strong companion fully capable of opening her own doors, they were just self-absorbed and didn't put any thought into opening the door at all (everyone has been talking about the death of politeness...).  That made me realize that I probably also looked like a self-absorbed asshole when really, every time I would let a girl open the door, drive us, or lift me over a puddle I was putting way too much thought into feminism and "To be chivalrous, or not to be chivalrous!"   As hard as it is to admit being wrong, I have changed my behavior.  I am chivalrous in an effort to express that I am not self-absorbed.  I don't jump out of my car to awkwardly rush around and open the door, but if we're walking up to it or the valet pulls it up, I'll open her door for her before going to open my own (not open-close, I let her get in at her own pace).  I don't insist that she take my coat, but if she looks cold I say, "You look cold, I'm not cold at all, please take my coat if you're uncomfortable."  If we are walking on a busy street, I subtly slip around to the street side so she's not brushing shoulders with rear-view mirrors. There are more but I think I've made the point. These are not things I would do for a male companion. These are not things done because women are fragile and weak.  I perform such acts of chivalry to make the time my female companion chooses to spend with me more pleasant for her. Maybe she will pick up on the fact that I do not simply believe "this is my world and she's just living in it," maybe she won't. Either way, I won't come off as an arrogant sexist or a self-absorbed asshole.
0	I actually try to be the first to start a conversation because otherwise I don't think they'd say anything to me.
0	I always thought it was this way as well. Then, my uncle came to visit and told me that he is in therapy because my late grandmother used to dangle him off the balcony Ã  la Michael Jackson. à² _à²  My mom had always painted their mom as having been so great when they were growing up.
1	I should be in Plat V right now. At least.   Don't downvote yet. Read this first please.   About a week ago, I was in my promos from Gold I to Plat V. I was one win away. (L/W/W/L/x)   I didn't have any special revere for Plat V, it was just a personal goal. For me, it would be proof that I was adequate at this game. A satisfying accomplishment. I'm graduating soon and I felt if I could do this I could take a much needed break from League and pursue real life necessities.   I lost. I wish I could remember why I lost. There had been several games that week including your typical trolls, feeders, toxic players, afk'ers, etc. I think my favorite was Singed support that said he couldn't fill up his tears because "he was support."   I lost the promos. I was fairly upset because this was about my 3rd promo or so. Certainly, other people have gone through much worse, but I was tired of this oscillation.   From there...things went terrible.   I entered each game with a terrible attitude. I would enter each lobby with a threat "Give me X or I will Y." I was more determined than ever though. All of my life my accomplishments came from setting myself to win. It works, too. However, when you enter an environment based on other people in teamwork...you realize you are the "fanatic on the boat cutting under his own seat." (Bonus points if you got the reference.)   I became bitter. Toxic. Angry. Unsatisfied. I made sure to point out other people's mistakes. I made sure to let them know that I was doing better than them. If a game was going poorly, I suggested surrendering  way  too often. My caps lock key probably felt abused.   If people messaged me after a game, I  exploded  on them. I cussed them out, I told them how worthless they are. The only thing I restrained from was real life threats, I somehow managed to be a little clear in my head and not get into serious trouble.   Gold II. Holes in my wall. Late nights. Ignoring school. Skipping class.   Chat restrictions. Ranked restrictions.   I sat back in my chair. I clenched my teeth and was about to think of all the reasons that Riot was  obvioiusly  (not really guys...) being unfair.   I took a break. When I came back, I took things slow. I remained neutral in games, after those nasty episodes from before, it was a little difficult to be positive.   After a few games, I was back on my feet. I was plowing through the restrictions and was avoiding situations that would get me angry as soon as I can.   Account Banned.   Damn. It took a while for that ban to kick in, it waited for a Friday I guess. It's not the end of the world. But it sucks. To some extent, I'm going to miss out on any of the April Fool's stuff, I'm probably not going to get to Plat V for a while, and my little brother that I haven't seen for months doesn't get to play with me or enjoy whatever craziness is about to pursue.   So you know what I don't deserve? I don't deserve any rank. To be a little honest, I don't like the concept of it. I don't like the concept that my attitude is affecting  this much , but maybe it's something I need to learn. From a young age, I was taught that anger was a great tool to achieve your desires. So to be fair and realistic, these last several days have been a huge challenge for me.   Right now, I don't deserve Plat V. I don't deserve Gold I. I probably don't deserve Silver and I should be probably not even be at ranked "Installed Game."   It's always interesting to watch people measure a player's worth in league. Whether people like it or not, this game is largely based on your personal approach to situations and ability to adjust. This overshadows personal skill, mechanics, farming, warding, KDA, objectives, etc.
1	I feel you will get more from taking Thresh, He can be played in more than just support while still being viable in the different positions. He might not have more stuns but with good game play will win lane and hurt the opponents ad carry much more. For support I use him a lot and his Q mixed with his E can set up easy pick off kills on someone then allowing you to bully the other player out of the lane as well as being very strong late game as a tank, who naturally has damage and armour built in with his souls. Also using his W you can help the jungler gank without any trouble from behind the lane or come faster from the river, aswell as the getaway factor of his W in saving the ad c and whoever gets caught out. Also to help bully lane add a lot of presence with thresh and when he builds up his Q passive hit the enemy AD Carry, it will really hurt early. Max his Q first, then mix in E and W depending on if you want more damage or more of a shield. With his build, I tend to use the recommeded set-up at the start trying to build a quick bulwark, following by more tankier items, but the biggest tip for help with support..... WARDS, wards everywhere, build tankier as supports wont scale in lategame for damage as the lack of creeps and gold will hurt them much more than if they just build a bit tanky and make sure to save their ad carry's ass. This is already way too long of a reply so I'll just stop here and link XSpecial's build, rune and mastery's set up for you, this should help you with him aswell :) If you want more help just message me and I'll try and help with more information on how to support with more champs and what to do in that role.   His top lane play is also very good being able to set-up being tank and helping the team mid and late game. His jungling is great with his Q's ability to jump in. He can also be played as an Ad Carry which I have done multiple times (Will post the games on youtube or atleast clips and final outcomes of the games) 100% win rate as ad c with him as well the natural damage and armour boost from souls help him a lot, proper farming mixed with his passive will produce a load of damage all the time. Aswell as the ulti to getaway from melee gankers.
0	You obviously don't have a firm grasp of economics. If ALL wages were to improve at the same time at the same percentage, than all goods and services would increase in cost by roughly the same amount, and so would their price. Look at it this way:   Let's say a basketball takes $2 in rubber, $1 in machine overhead and 1 hour of minimum wage work to make. If the minimum wage is $5/hr, then the basketball costs $8 to make. If you sold it at $10, you'd make a $2 profit (this model does not take into account packaging, marketing, etc. Just for simplicity's sake). Now let's say the wage is raised to $6/hr. Now the cost of the basketball is $9, and to continue making that $2, you'd need to raise the price to $11. That's simple inflation.   It we want to make the model a little more complex, we could look at what goes into the $2 cost of rubber - chances are there are minimum wage workers that work on that, too, so the cost of rubber will rise too. Same goes for the machine overhead, as the maintenance workers, electrical workers and service techs will all see a bump in cost. Now, that $11 basketball is looking a lot closer to a $15 basketball.   Another way to look at wages as an incentive is this: a lot of prices are tied into minimum wage somehow. The supply-side of it is what I described above, but from the demand side, it helps dictate the opportunity cost of things. Here's another example:   We'll set our minimum wage at $5/hr again. In this environment, Coke costs $1. This means, that a minimum wage employee is willing to trade 12 minutes of their work for 1 Coke. If the minimum wage increases, as you saw before, so would the cost of producing Coke, and the price would probably remain at the 12 minute mark - in the example above, it would raise to $1.20. If the price of all the goods and services used by a minimum wage worker increase at the same rate as their income, then the rise in their wages will not affect their standard of living. Basically, even though the number in their bank account will be higher, the goods and services that they can afford with that money will roughly stay the same.   As far as working incentives go, this is where raising the minimum wage becomes dangerous. If an entry-level Basketball-maker is making $5 inflating finished balls, but has the potential to work their way into a position filling injection molds for $6/hr, they'll theoretically work harder for the chance to make more money. If someone is already making $6/hour when the minimum wage is shifted, and their wage doesn't change, then they are being paid the same wage to do a harder job that requires more experience and training. Meanwhile, the ball-inflaters would no longer have incentive to work toward the injection molding position, because it's harder work for the same pay. The only way to remedy this is to increase all pay by the same percentage, which will drive up costs and create immediate inflation. This causes a decrease in the value of our currency, since the actual cost of a Coke is still 12 minutes.
0	Surprisingly for me it was the expectation, I have liked this girl for quite some time but haven't asked her out because she had a boyfriend. Now that they had broken up I took her out and it was not bad but also not that good.. Maybe I'll go out again with here t see if it gets better..
0	This is what actually happens: I decide to cancel class for some reason. I call my department and the registrar. They send someone out to put up a note. It's not my note. That is technically the end of my obligations.   Then, I email you if I can, but if I'm on my iPhone, there's a good chance the student contact interface (Blackboard or portal or whatever) isn't going to work well with a mobile OS, so it might not go through Alternately, I'm in an emergency where all I can manage is a 3 minute phone call and not the however many minutes it takes to send data from the middle of a hospital.   But how many of you actually check your email the moment before you leave for class? Given how few of you check your email to look for homework assignment instructions, not very many. If it takes you 30 minutes to drive to class and 20 minutes before class, I start throwing up (it has happened), you're screwed anyway.
0	Even if there are enough guns to go around, the majority of the population isn't capable of wielding them with any effectiveness.  They'd like to think they are all snipers, but in reality accurate gun use is just hard.  Even with a semi or fully automatic weapon (probably even more then due to recoil) you're going to have difficulty hitting a target.  Most ammunition would not pierce modern tank armor either.  In WWII technology wasn't so effective at stopping the standard bullet.  In other countries where our servicemen and women are killed by the enemy, it can often be attributed to IEDs and trained individuals.  While certainly effective, if the purpose of the invading force was destruction they'd only have to go up against trained individuals and they could kill anyone else.  Thus lowering the number of individuals who would, in the future, be trained.  But this is all red dawn type stuff and I highly doubt any of the superpowers would move against the US, let alone any other superpower.  The US spends more on defense than any other country by a large margin and the size of our military and our capabilities reflect that.  They may be able to inflict damage and fight us, but if we were just trying to capture a country and force its entire population and government into submission (rather than rooting out terrorist organizations without treating the actual reason why the terrorist organizations are growing within those countries) it would be pretty ... ugly.   Second thing - I'm not 100% familiar with all gun ownership laws.  And you are right, we certainly take away the right for mentally ill and felons.  But I'm talking about people as common as my neighbor.  He may be able to use a rifle properly to go hunting.  That's great.  But in my opinion he needs to prove that he is capable of being responsible with it.  While concealed carry permits (where necessary) usually require a class and licensing, general ownership does not.   Again, because it is a right, my non-mentally ill neighbor could purchase a handgun with absolutely no idea how to use it, store it, keep it safe and prevent its misuse (I'm using a hypothetical neighbor as I have no idea the actual nature of my neighbor in this regard).  Then, in a fit of rage, he could use the gun.  Or he could attempt to pull the gun on an intruder and find himself unable to actually fire out of fear or completely miss.  The presence of the gun can easily escalate a burglary and get you assaulted where you would otherwise not.  Though, I'm not gonna lie - I know that it is a rare occurrence that a burglar is going to stay in a house if they know someone is in the house, and is more likely to flee in every aspect than fight.  But a gun might scare them into it.   That being said - there are plenty of people who own guns who simply do not know how to operate them.  If it was not a born right, but rather one that you had to prove you were responsible enough for, you'd find ownership to be much more productive and fewer people would have a problem.   However , even with a situation like that.  Even with every citizen being barred from gun ownership - this recent tragedy would have still happened.  I'm not so naive that I think it would have prevented this.  He was a soldier (or at least was) and so even in the world where no citizen is allowed a gun, he still would have had one.  Additionally, there would still be individuals who obtain guns illegally.  Though, it would be far fewer.  I'm also aware that in countries where guns are outlawed the violent crime rate can still be comparable to the rate in the US when you account for the difference in statistical reporting.  The only thing that declines is the death rate of individuals from a violent crime and the use of guns in violent crime.  Violent crime still happens.   So, yeah - my biggest issue is I want people to be forced to be trained and responsible.  The only way to  force  someone to be trained and responsible is to not have it as a born right, but as a privilege obtainable by anyone willing to go through the training in order to show the intent to act responsibly.  But you have to repeal the natural right to bear arms before you can force people to do that for basic gun ownership.
0	I live in Texas. I have two huskies. They both love the snow and freezing weather. They will both (one black, one white) go lie in the sun, by choice, when it's 105 out for hours. About the only way you can tell they care about the weather is that they get tired sooner on walks in the summer.
1	As a support and ADC main, I feel the harsh bullcrap that supports go through and that ADCs inflict on my supports, giving me an epiphany in terms of how to act when playing.
0	Well, that's really the problem with moving to a blowjob-based economy: it's not transferable. Likewise it's also problematic as it's not fungible so you also need to evaluate each instance separately. This further makes it challenging to make comparison pricing, enter into long-term planning, or enact pricing strategies without incurring a great degree of extra work on behalf of the vendor.   So if I was driving a cab and I collected 20 blowjobs for the night I'm now well over the number that I plan to actually use personally and am running a surplus. Except I need to take delivery immediately and I can't hold onto some of them to later pass on to my landlord. Not very efficient.   Even if we went with some sort of blowjob coupon we'd have trouble because they would, presumably, only be redeemable by the issuer. As they get traded more heavily I now need to track down someone on the other side of the country in order to redeem my blowjob? That's going to cause all sorts of problems with valuation by making local coupons more desirable for most with distant ones only of interest to people who travel more frequently. Yes, it encourages keeping your coupons in the local economy, but that's not a realistic situation long-term and encourages stagnation.   So really you'd need to have coupons that can be exchanged to any blowjob provider. It's the only way to create a functional economy.
1	Well basically the reason is because Sivir is an extremely old champion. There was no botlane ad carry meta at that time, therefore her range issues weren't existant back than. Now, that you usually lane vs another support + marksman (hurr durr), you tend to lose the lane in most cases if you opponent knows how to abuse his advantage.   Another problem is Sivirs kit. She gains movement speed on champion hit, has an auto-attack reset and an extremely useful ultimate if used right. It is incredibly underrated. If Riot would just buff her range up to par with other marksmen, Sivir could just shit on every team since the only champions that could outpoke her in lane would be those with poke abilities, which are countered by her spellshield.
0	Of course, though, we are not behind the Iron Curtain. The death penalty has popular support in the jurisdictions where it gets used. Something like  60% of Americans support it .   Also, we have a completely different system. The state does not decide who to kill, juries do. And, of course, juries are chosen to reach a certain result to some degree, but it is at least an adversarial process that seeks to prevent outright bias. And if there was obvious bias than there might be a remedy in appeals to toss out the sentence.   Point is, the mere availability of better tools to execute will not compel the state to engage in more of them.   Note, though, that I do agree with the idea that it might happen more if we found better ways to do it. Juries are going to be more likely to support it if it looks painless and not barbaric. This is obvious, though. But it is not the state doing it.
1	To answer, the lack of skill is using flash and yes, i can ignore flash's utility.   And just to be on topic, after playing more than 2500 games i can now play almost every champion, and if you can play without flash you know much better the limits of where you can go, what you can do and what you can't.   You make a mistake? You die.   Get flash and make a mistake? You will never learn.   And again i pick my summoner on what everyone else has and what suits better my champ too.   And there are 9 /10 flashes and 8/10 ignites.   So i get either cleanse ghost or heal teleport if i'm top or mid.   Annie, chogath, orianna, nasus, fiora, urgot, ashe, zyra, karthus, nunu, darius, lulu, karma, these are my most played champions, and no, they have no escapes at all, yet i play them without flash, despite the other 9 people having it.   Sound strange to you? You talk about major arrogance, but who are you to say what's better for me or for the game? Are you sure those champs can't be played without flash? Did you even bother trying it?   And to expand, flash is by no means good on those champs, it may be only because all the other 9 people have flash, not because they need it.   Delete flash from the game, you no longer NEED to pick flash, because other people will not have a "i flash in your face you are dead" card, or all they can use are long cooldown predictable baitable and manageable gap closers.   This sheep mentality "pros all use flash i NEED to use flash" is just bad for this game.
1	IMO get over it and pick it the champion it doesn't get greyed out or anything just has the "no" icon, doesn't change anything other then an extra second to remember that champ wasn't banned.
0	Man, fuck outdoor cats.  Neighbor's cats (like 4 of them) use my front flower garden as a litter box, and I can't walk into my house without a nose-full of cat shit.
1	The point of the response was to explain his point of view of the situation. He gave the Doublelift conversation context, further explained the state of  the team and correlated it to how it can effect someone, and directly gave reason for thinking the way he does. As a captain he cannot hide from the truth that there are flaws in his team, and as a captain it is his job to remedy the situation. This debacle rose from the need for change hitting at another's emotional boiling point.
1	I think Scarra hit the nail on the head yesterday during the post game interview on the LCS. He said we didn't even worry about hotshotgg during the laning phase, so we just camped bot lane. CLG only really currently has 1 threat and thats DL, if you shut him down its basically gg.   Bot Lane - Both Aphro and DL need to widen their champion pool (Vayne,Cait, Ez/Lulu isn't enough) and get on the same page. I know the OP don't just say Draven 2013 but he is a very strong ADC atm, DL needs to pick him up along with MF, Trist and IMO Ashe. Aphro is generally always the first person on CLG to die and its normally early lanning phase. He also only plays lulu he needs to diversify and look at other champs EG Sona, Taric, Thresh, Elise.   Mid Lane - L1nk IMO is suffering the same problem as Voyboy did in top lane, his champion pool is restricted by CLG's play style. The play style is not working so let L1nk bring new champs to mid and work with him rather than against him. He is a great mid player and for everyone calling back Jiji he left because he didn't like the pressure... he isn't coming back so move on.   Jungle - Chauster isn't performing at the moment, he has no lane presence and is making bad calls (EG that 4v3 yesterday). I don't know what needs to happen here, but something has to happen. Either he needs to open up his play style or seriously consider benching himself. At the moment he doesn't rate even close to the top NA junglers let alone the more influencial junglers like Diamond, Insec and Clearlove.   Top Lane - I hate to say it but Hotshott can't keep playing the way he is at all, the other NA teams don't consider him a threat and isn't on the level of KiwiKid, Voyboy and Dyrus. Dyrus was in his spot last year, was not playing well while the rest of the team was carrying him. He changed his style and has become the backbone of TSM recently. I don't think Hotshottgg can change his play style and I really hate to say it because I'm a big fan of his however he needs to take a step down and manage the team with Kelby. He should start work on the CLG brand and get a team in EU and KR established (sorry got off topic). They need to find a new top laner, one that can match the aggression of players like voyboy and crumbz.   CLG is currently struggling in all areas against NA opponents which is considered the weakest group compared to EU/KR and China something needs to change!
1	ga. ren. period. you see akali first pick? laugh at the retard and pick garen and bully her ass to no end. get magic resist blues (this is probably the most important part about laning against her, having runes that counter her) and go to town on her squishy ass. If you don't like garen, just dont feed her kills. She doesn't scale THAT well off of just farm, and as long as you can prevent her from becoming godlike in mid game (which is where she's strongest) she is going to drop off sooo much late. If an akali has less than 5 kills in a game, theres a 90% chance she's lost that game. If she's denying you farm, again get some magres runes and if all else fails just let her farm and do your farming under the turret. Be sure to trade with her though, you might say she's constantly outharassing you because you don't punish her for getting close to you when she q's you. Sure her q does a lot of damage but you'd be surprised at how much damage you can put on her if you dont just run away scared as soon as she lands an auto attack on you. She has a very small amount of spell vamp early so she wont be able to heal up that well; as long as you take boots and 3xpots like all akalis do, you will likely stay at the same health as her.
1	This could be a solution.. In a Perfect world.   Sadly, the perfect solution in our world would be completely remove chat between the 5 players, and only keep chat open between the 2 players currently choosing. And even that might be too much contact between toxic players.   Just choose a champ, and have a banner that precises the role that you would like to play. (mid, top, bot, w/e).   But this "solution" would hinder a lot of stuff.
1	I'm a fucking mathematics grad student irl and nobody would give me shit about saying 66% for 2/3. I mean, mother of god, even in my comment I am 100% (or 99.9, repeating of course,% right) right in saying that 66% is below the minimum value as can be seen by the fact that 2/3 is not enough and 2/3 >= 0.66.....
1	Honestly, I find it hard to pin point issues for Gambit Gaming. It's like they have dominant periods and then fall off to mid tier, then come back.   Also pretty hard to pin point actual weak points in the team. If I had to say I might point at Edward and Genja's builds. Now I don't think that Gambit should get rid of Edward because their chemistry with him as opposed to basically any other support will not be topped. He needs to pick his game up though, especially his decision making it seems.   Alex is consistent yes and absolutely fantastic on the champions he mains. I.e. Kha'Zix, Orianna, Zed, Kayle etc. I think his main champion is something like AD assassins and traditional mages and he excels on them.   From what I've seen, it's the early game for Gambit which is currently lacking. I think Diamond needs to change his jungling style to how he used to be. He needs to turn away from the Meteos route and go to gank heavy high pressure jungling. He was known to be a fantastic counter jungler, let's see him return to that. I think if he changes it up, it'll bring Gambit's early game play to a much more solid level where they can win some lanes and transition much more easily into their strong mid game where they team fight.   Also, I'm not sure if their second game with KTB was indicative of this but it seemed like they had some vision problems. Not warding their own jungle or their jungle entrances? Actually they must not have had much vision at all if KTB managed to sneak without being seen to their mid brush while Gambit was sieging top. So maybe vision is another thing which they need to work on.   One thing that I can see as a positive for Gambit is the rise of Ryze (heh, I'm witty). Back before Kha'Zix, Alex used to say his favourite champion was Ryze and with his return to mid and top lane we could see another strong pick for Gambit.
1	First part of the video reminds me when someone picks lets say karma support or like amumu mid no matter what they do they are troll oh jungler gank you and you die "omfg report this fucking amumu troll"
1	No, the thing is, when you go up against a vastly superior opponent you're not going to learn anything during that game. This is true in every game. Whether that be Go, Chess, Starcraft, etc. The fastest way to learn and improve is to go up against someone who is slightly better than you. (Bronze vs Silver II - I, Silver vs Gold II - I) . The only way to 'learn' (I use this term loosely as you are not going to learn much) from games when you are up against a vastly superior opponent is to watch the replay and only until the first or second major mistake. After that point it isn't two equals. It's a snowballed guy who will kill the fuck out of you if you step into lane.
1	It is because the Plat player has a very low MMR and thus finding Silver players. Honestly if he is finding someone in Silver then he must either suck or stopped playing League for a long period of time and therefore his MMR decays slowly. That or your MMR is really high (which I doubt if its the first time finding a plat). There will always be smurfs or people boosting anyway so it will never be "fair."
0	Sophomore year of high school I brought a Rubik's cube to school to look like a baws, even though I had no clue how to do it. My friend (call him Brian) takes it and says he knows how to do it. He spent most of the day trying to do it and couldn't get back into the knack of it. Finally we're sitting at lunch and Brian is still going apeshit on this cube to no avail. I say "just give it up, Brian" and not 3 seconds later he throws it on the table with a hardy 'suck it' face. He spends the next  two weeks  trying to teach me how to do it. Showing me the algorithms, me writing down the steps to the algorithms on a sticky note practicing and trying to get the hang of it, and getting pissed off to no avail. All the while he is bringing his to school showing off that he can do it. I finally came around and got the hang of it and started getting better. We would have races in class (AP class, final exam is 3 weeks before the rest of school ends; we had a lot of free time) and he would beat me every time, stopping and smiling at me as I would finish. One day I finally beat him and went crazy jumping around cheering (it got to the point where the whole class would watch our races) and high fiving people. I go over to Brian and thank him for teaching me, and he gives the most badass response ever: he put his hands together, squinted his eyes and did a little bow, uttering  "You have completed your training, grasshoppa. Use your powers only for good, never for evil."
0	No matter how fast you drive there will always be someone who wants to go faster. If you can move right, do it. Actually switching lanes is way more engaging and keeps you more alert and aware of the surroundings than the idiots who pick one lane and stick with it as long as possible.   I drive faster than a lot of people and whenever I reach a point where there is a good amount of space or if someone is coming up quicker behind me I move right, if 30 seconds later I move back into the passing lane that's just fine so long as I'm actually going to pass someone at a reasonable rate of speed. (since some people will argue that going 1 mph faster is still technically passing)
1	I just played a game where we were almost 10k gold behind. Our cho'gath was flaming all game long and trying to surrender.   We won the last teamfight (I even got a penta!! :D) and we could finish the game.
1	Feels like you are leaving some stuff out.  Some random guy having all the info you need to 'steal' an account is really unlikely.  Sure, they could keylog you and get your user and password, but to send in a ticket and recall it, they have to know some stuff.  They ask some questions that some random guy wouldn't know. It sort of sounds like you/the account might of been involved in account selling/trading =/   I always want to believe the OP, but it is really hard to on reddit.   I don't know what you mean by  "my account got stolen through riot's system".   For someone to steal your account, they need quite a lot of personal info of the account.  They would need access to the original email and some other stuff.   Scenarios like this are very common in League buying/selling/trading communities.   quite a few things could of happened.     The Op could of bought the account from someone, the guy decided he wanted it back and provided the needed info and gotten it back.     Maybe the OP sold the account in question, got it back, and the guy he sold it to is 'hijacking it'     The OP could of had a lot of his information stolen and then someone used that info to hijack his account.       I honestly doubt the 3rd thing is the case.  It wouldn't be unheard of, but it is quite unlikely.   The info they asked you for (I assume name, creation date, orignal email, IP, recent payment method, etc) is the exact info they asked the guy who 'hijacked' it..so I assume I am not alone in thinking some random guy wouldn't just know this info and be able to 'steal' the account.  I just don't think you are telling us 100%   If the account was bought or traded for, you should of known this could of happened.  It's just how it works.  LoL's security makes buying and selling accounts a rather silly thing to even do (even though it is in the first place, just play on your own account )   If you are the original owner and creator of the account, then I am sorry and this sucks and I hope you get it figured out.   Oh and I see you said the info provided doesn't match.  So from my experience it sort of sounds like the common scenario of you bought the account, someone sent you fake info (as in, fake creation date, fake original email, ip, etc) and they eventually recalled it.  This is just from my experiences in these cases.
0	This. I didn't have much say in what times my classes were running the past year, and I ended up with one term being just a bunch of classes crammed into the morning, and the other being mostly late starts (and late ends). I was much more productive and successful when I had the morning classes, as I had a large amount of time after my classes ended to make sure I was keeping up with assignments and general studying. Even after a large amount of that, I often ended up with some decent time to have fun in the afternoon/evenings.
1	It's a matter of personal preference. For example, I play Morgana as a mid laner in high Elo despite the fact that she is considered subpar because of mobility creep.
1	If the kill is not guaranteed by another member of your team ->   take the kill. Getting an xp/cs advantage for your adc is worth it.   If the kill IS guaranteed by your adc or roaming jng/mid - yes, there is such a thing as a "KS" but I don't think that's the appropriate term.   Stealing implies a conscious decision - often, supports take kills out of benign ignorance by not understanding that the kill has been secured and they can pull off.
0	When a friend of mine's job was shutting down, they were all brought into the conference room and told the facts. The company then told them that they were free to look for jobs while still working, they'd get paid their normal salaries, and they brought in specialists and consultants to help everyone who needed help and advice. 3 months later, 90% of the workforce had moved on, the remaining people were handed severance packages that were 5 figures.
1	You clearly never read his lore before.  he was a summoner in training and got blind after setting himself on fire to buy ionia some time in the ionia vs noxus match.  so it should be quite easily for a guy who jumps around with sonic waves kicking ppl into other ones and fucking them up pretty badly to shave his own beard.
0	Despite all the crap you are getting, I tend to agree with you. Children are copycats, they follow parent's examples. That doesn't mean that they won't occasionally have a break-down when they are tired or frustrated or simply in a troublemaker mood. Kids are kids. However, as they grow they will look back on the things their parents have said and done and that will influence how they deal with other people. If a child has a tantrum in the store and the parent (as calmly as possible) carries out the punishment instead of flying off the handle and having a tantrum themselves, then the kid is able to look back on that moment later and see that they were the one acting irrationally and unacceptably instead of the parent. My mom had that tendency to fly off the handle when she got overwhelmed or frustrated. It became a thing in my family, that if someone isn't screaming and crying about it, it isn't important. As a young adult I had to work really hard to break that habit when trying to interact with other people. Now that I'm 26 and I've distanced myself from that behavior, my family and I are finally able to have a meaningful discussion without all the screaming. So my only advice to you is, while I completely understand how difficult it is to deal with someone who demands a certain behavior from you but won't give it in return, remember that it goes both ways. If you want them to treat you with respect, you also have to treat them respectfully. It isn't easy, and I can't promise it will change their attitudes, but you will be a stronger and better person for trying. If you find yourself unable to remain calm, do your best to walk away or change the subject as graciously as possible. Try telling them that you need a moment to calm down before you continue. They may not respect that at the time either but they too will look back on those conversations and with any luck they will see that they were the ones acting irrationally.   I know this is long, sorry.
1	By this you can concur that SOME (meaning those aps that naturally build lichbane so not too many) AP's can beat SOME (meaning you aren't accounting for ad's with abilities that increase attack speed or just full out split push AD's like sivir) AD's. Not to mention you're missing a few factors.   AD's naturally build a decent amount of lifesteal, so where as ap's have to wait for wave ad's can get quite a few autos in the lifesteal off minions and continue.   You also don't actually account for lichebanes cooldown in your actual calculations and just throw in at the end that oh well with that in the speed is the same.   So same speed but you argue that it's better because of their burst and escape. Again, you're being far too general. Like if you're arguing TF is a better split pusher then say mf, well yea most likely you're right. However, better then sivir? Not necessarily.
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of EVERY league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
1	You might as well stop doing this.   Okay.jpg :(   The thing is, the lesson learned section is actually more of a 'my current thoughts on the finished game'. I'll keep you guys updated and make seperate columns for
1	He used to stream 1-2 times, i think it was 4-5 months ago. I randomly tuned in, liked it very much and got sad that he suddenly disappeared. In queue wating times he's done anything for his school/college. He seemed like a nice guy - imho has definitely chance to become a well known streamer/player.
1	Platinum Teams are somehow the highes League in the system, this is a bug. If u have a Diamond Team and a Plat I'll show the Plat on your friendlist and so on.
0	Because in this situation i assume they are probably younger. Mid-20s probably the latest. Your right if both my friends and sister were in their 40s then i couldn't care less what their relationship is. But generally these type of feelings arise when your sister is significantly younger than your friends. In this situation its easy to feel they were taking advantage of her.   Additionally it is a measure of worth. By engaging in a relationship with my sister my friend is essentially putting my friendship second to feeling towards my sister (wether that be lust or love). Now every time you want to hang out with your friend you now need to keep in mind they are in a relationship with your sister and hence possibly censor any complaints/frustrations about her.   Plus you know how your friends and guys in general are. Your friends especially probably let you know all the messed up thing they have done (at on point or another we have all made poor decesions regarding the oppisite sex) to women, intentionally or otherwise. And it is only natural to want to protect your loved ones (your sinling in this case) from such.   Finally, there are people who all they will be able to think about is that their friend is sleeping with their sister. Now this is incredably immature outlook but it does exist.
0	I totally agree. I've found ice cream and such stuffed up in the impulse buy area (or whatever you want to call it). All they had to do was carry it another 2 steps and say "I don't want this anymore." Is that annoying? Only a little, since my parents raised me to put things back where I got them, but it's a hell of a lot better than, "Teehee I stuffed something right by the register, I wonder if he'll notice."   The worst thing is when your are non-stop busy with customers, so sure enough by the time you get to zone/redline/straighten things you've got a bad gallon of milk where the stride gum is supposed to be, or a small container of ice cream. I don't like it when other stuff gets thrown all over, it sucks, but it has nothing on letting perishables expire because they were too lazy, and not uncommonly, just too lazy to bring it forward a few steps.   I know an argument is going to be why I didn't see them put it there, you need to lean forward, over the counter to even see that area + taking care of other customers things, actively sorting chemicals/food/other stuff.   To all of you saying that it's such an easy job, you probably haven't had to deal with bitchy customers for a long time have you? Try telling a customer that we can't price match an item because there is a rebate required at the other store, they flip shit and demand to see your manager. If it is a busy day, (which it normally was) that can be a few minutes, so you have to sit there and try to reason with someone that doesn't want to see reason. Try getting your IPH (Items Per Hour) up to 700+ a minute like it should be. Most cashiers cheat (pump total, stops the clock in between the total key and next item), but that's inefficient and deceitful.  This isn't even mentioning how many people wanting $2.00 hams, because "the sign said so" ($2.00 .... a pound), "What do you mean it's $12.00 ?". Have you ever tried telling a customer telling a customer that you are price checking an item? "No", ok, fine don't take a free discount.
1	Nor does it contribute to them Or any way effect them.   In fact, what you just said is akin to saying "Blizzard is too busy working on Starcraft 2 for Riot to fix this bug"   Because e-sports and the client are two completely different parts of riot. Different teams with different employees and different specialties. And e-sports is financially independent, and actually in fact increases the amount of money Riot has available to fixing this issue.
0	My fiancÃ©e's parents made him get a job and pay rent and all his own bills as soon as he turned fourteen! He didn't have a room in the house instead they strung up a couple tarps in the corner of the basement (which only had three concrete walls the fourth wall was just dirt). If he had to pee at night or when they weren't home he had to go outside because his dad was convinced he was a thief and would rob him so they wouldn't let him have a key! His little brother didn't have to pay his own bills till he turned 18 and still lives at home (23 now). His dad ended up kicking him out a few months after he turned 14 because he didn't want to go to church with them anymore (Mormon). Luckily he had lots of friends whose parents knew his parents were nut jobs and let him pay them rent and buy his own food. He ended up working two jobs throughout high school and  sleeping in class during school. He slept so much that when he took the MCAS (standardized testing in MA that you have to pass to graduate high school) passed with flying colors. Teachers were convinced he cheated cause he did so well even though he didn't do any of the essay questions on the test (hates writing) and slept through all his classes. So convinced that they made him retake it in a room by himself and he got the exact same score.   My ex sister in law pulled something like this too. My fiancÃ©e's little brother and her are living at his parents house rent free when they find out she's pregnant. His parents and her insist they get married before the baby is born so its not a bastard she is 20 and he is 19. My fiancÃ©e tells him it's not a good idea they are too young and she's kinda crazy. They ignore him and go about getting the wedding planned. My fiancÃ©'s parents are paying for it all even gonna get them a four night cruise for their honeymoon. She flips out that it is only a four day cruise and tells my fiancÃ©e's brother that that's not good enough and to demand more from his dad. He refuses, so she calls off the wedding until he talks to his dad about it. Their dad finds out she's cancelled the wedding due to the short honeymoon and tells her to stop being a bitch and cancels the honeymoon instead!
1	Dodge depends on RNG. Which fuckin sucks sometimes... as a player maining jax i can tell ya... sometimes it's sooo sooo bad... whole wave of creeps attacking you and you only get 1 proc.   I didn't read that wall of text but i'm going to say what i know about dodge(evasion) vs armor. Dodge can 100% ignore a hit, 39% of the time (my dodge on jax), by dodging it. But it's based on RNG. Armor ignores let's say 39% of the damage (-/+ armor pen) 100% of the time. Take your pick.
1	For the stretch goals, it's not like Valve expected the community to utterly demolish their expectations on how quickly the tournament prize pool would rise.  [   The second batch of stretch goals had nice bonuses, but overall it really was just adjusting their prioritization. I don't think anyone was actually excited for the goals past #14. And no one was forced to buy more compendium points. Though still you can see that the slope for the pool had steady growth. The compendium isn't about funding Dota 2. It's about funding the tournament prize pool and supporting the community. The second set of stretch goals were just there for contingency. We already got what we wanted, everything else is just icing on the cake.
0	Exactly!  That's why I always find it funny when people call bullshit on stuff like this.  I used to work in QA for a call center and the amount of calls we record is tiny.  I'm talking like 2-3 a day for each agent...out of 40-100 depending on the still set or split.  Plus, we had to have our average call length for all calls listened to be within 10% of the skill's average handle time...so, if this happened on a call over, say, fifteen minutes, we would probably never hear it.
0	Come now, stop being unreasonable. At least admit that patting someone down for some BS security job isn't on the same moral level of decision as some sergeant telling his men to slaughter civilians a la My Lai. "Pat down that guy" is NOT equal to "kill that 8 year old". The 'just following orders' thing doesn't even apply here, so get off your high horse. Also, where is it OK to hire someone to "racistly molest" someone? That's just a terribly infantile hypothetical that doesn't apply to anything or even prove your point. People need money to live, and if the TSA is the one around hiring, people are going to take the job. Food on table + shelter will ALWAY trump taking some vaguely moral position because it's either that or become homeless/starve.
1	Wait seriously? If you use a skill for one thing, you can't use it for another thing until the CD is done!? :mindblown.gif:   Do you give lessons!?
0	Story time.   About two years ago I got a booty call at 10p. This was before we were FWBs and it was the first time she'd given me a booty call, so I was pretty anxious. Plus, on the 1-10 she was a solid 9, 9.5, red hair, natural C's, and lips that...You get the picture. So I'm at a bar with some friends 45 minutes away planning on making it an all-nighter. At any rate, I get an SMS from her during dinner and some minor flirting and I made a comment about crashing at my friend's house that night and having to sleep on a couch alone. She says "Ha! Don't you live above a bar? If you could get here by midnight we could drink, go back to your place, shoot tequila and then neither of us would have to sleep on the couch alone." So me, being dense, dance around it for a bit thinking she's being a tease. Around 11 she sms's something alone the lines of "I'll spell it out. I want to fuck you tonight. Let's get drunk and fuck." So I'm in the car 5 minutes later.   Driving back to Seattle I'm pushing 100, 110 and I still have to go through the city. Without fail my radar detector christmas trees, I hit the brakes and see lights. Wound up getting dinged at...I think it was 86. I'm like "fucking shit." and pull over, hide the radar detector, and sms her back that I got pulled over while waiting on the cop. So the cop walks up to my car and says "Son, where's the fire?" or something like that and we do the dance of me handing him my license and then I have to get out of the car for a roadside sobriety test. So while I'm leaning on the car talking to the cop she MMS's me back a pic of her legs spread open and a bottle  hiding my favorite bits. He sees my expression and somehow manages a glance at what's on my screen and goes "Oh, is that why you're speeding?" and I say "Uh..yes sir." He goes "Shit, son, why didn't you say so. I'll let you go this time, but keep the speed reasonable and make sure she treats you right for getting there in a hurry." I kept it below 90 until I had to exit.
1	The problem is these guys are supposed to act like professionals, but they have never had to be in a professional environment.  They are professional video game players - they don't have to work in an office, they don't have to wear a suit and be nice to their clients, they don't have bosses from whom to take orders - they just have to win, and their sponsors will keep sponsoring them.  Most of these kids, and that is what Froggen is acting like here, don't understand the nature of PR and acting professionally until it bites them in the ass and then they have to backpedal.
1	If you play SoloQ with randoms the game is not only about your personal skill, it is about how well you can work in a team with strangers and how deeply you want to win this. If you rage quickly after 1 or 2 deaths you wont stand a chance winning the game. The game is a lot about he players mood. If they want to win and don't flame and have some good team moral you are likely to win the game. If one is flaming all day your moral is going down and everyone does not play at its best or doesn't even try anymore. People tend to concentrate more on flaming then on playing, once it started.   Another point is that a lot of people dont see that a game isn't lost yet. They see a fed Darius or Jax or Orianna or whatever you fed with 1 or 2 kills and the remember last time that hero was fed he stomped the shit out of them. They think this will happen again and don't want to waste time anymore. They are so focused on the mistakes everyone else  or one person does that they dont see that the game might be winable.   If top is struggeling give him some help. Ward for him or stuff like that. Maybe bot is winning hard in cs, even there was no kill. I had a game where I was bot lane, winning with over 100 cs advantage but died 2 times due to well executed gangs and me not observing the map enough. My team started to flame me and did not realized that the enemy ad was already out of the game. He had no items and less gold then our support.   Most less skilled player only see the skills, because the CS aren't shown in big numbers on the screen. They have to press tab and search for it. A kill or a death is shown to everyone with a visual impact.   Sometime people just dont have the skill to realize that they are actually winning or did not lost completly and a comeback is possible. They will rage then and blame other people. You can prevent this with raising the team moral. Saying "Wp dude" if someone did a kill even if he played horrible and still plays horrible. You have to say "we are winning this hard guys. just stay calm" and stuff like that. You need to raise the moral and you might be able to win. Execute some good teamfights, grab people offguard do tower and dragon. Normally a kill or two can help people to realize that the game is not lost. And pay attention to the streaks you might end. This is so much gold many of people dont care about. If you kill someone who has a large streak you might get 1k out of this with kill gold + assist.   You have to make sure the moral is raising and that everyone tries to win. Don't point out mistakes. It's normally considerd as flame. Sad but true :/   People tend to flame and rage if they lose their lane. All they see is their lane and they are pissed that they lost due to their poor play or whatever the reason was. You need to help those guys to get back into the game with a positive mood.
1	Alright.   First you have to realize that it's not possible to compare Nguyen to another english word since in itself Nguyen is a pretty fucking strange word.   The problem is mostly that in vietnamese there exist combinations of letters that are not pronouncable in english, for example "Ng". That is because vietnamese didn't always use the latin alphabet and not even that long ago it looked like chinese symbols.   Even though "Ng" consists of the letter N and G it actually sounds like neither of them. But if I had to choose it'd sound a little bit more like G. G as in great, goat, game. NOT G as in giant, gym.   Now why Ng (Ngyuen) and not simply G (Guyen)? Because when you pronounce Nguyen you kinda halfpronounce a N but dont say it out loud. Try pronouncing the letter M without saying M out loud. Now do the same to N and connect it with a spoken G. Sounds hard right?   Then there is another problem the Y right after the U. It is commonly pronounced ooh eeh en in three different syllables but actually its pronounced in one go. Uyen. A similar pronounciaton would be Wii from Nintendo Wii. Say Wii out loud without the W and you get a similar sounding "uy". And from there just follow up with a quick crisp N with a big emphasis on the E in "en".   But wait there's more! In vietnamese there are symbols like ~ and ^ which determine how to spell a letter. It's actually spelled NgÅ«yÃªn. If you don't pronounce it in this certain way it will mean something different. That got taken from the French I think.   Now try this. Apply everything I just told you and I guarantee you still won't pronounce it correctly. That's why Nguyen as a word is just shit in english.   This is the only way to pronounce Nguyen RIGHT  by the way. It is original vietnamese in literature, media etc. In all dialects it is pretty much the same throughout Vietnam. The reason why some people see conflicting pronounciations of Nguyen is because they're mixed with english. "Win" "When" "Nee goo yen" and all that shit is false. It's what english speaking vietnamese grow up with that is why they think it sounds similar to that. Either that or they intentionally pronounce it wrongly so americans have an easier time pronouncing it themselves.
1	Remember when Mata pulled out the lee song support during champions winter? Plus, he is stuck in taco bell now in China and thinks he deserves challenjour.
1	My biggest problem with being in Bronze 1 is the way that people talk to me. They assume that I'm a terrible player without ever having seen me play, and they give me advice in the most patronizing way. I'm not saying that I'm great at this game, and I definitely deserve to be in Bronze because I am awful at solo queue. After I hit level 30, I started playing with friends, and I have played almost exclusively 4-5 man pre-mades since. I understand how teams think and work, and I am absolutely baffled by the disorganized manner in which low elo solo queue operates. In addition, I main support which puts me at a further disadvantage in ranked solo queue.  So, I deserve to be in Bronze because I'm bad at solo queue, and I can't carry myself well enough as a support player, I acknowledge that. But the majority of my games played have been draft pick pre-made normals, and I regularly play against gold and platinum players and continue to have a positive win rate. I'm a pretty good support player and strategic thinker, but those skills don't always apply to solo queue, especially in low elo.
1	MUST DEFEND LUX.   Okay, I'll admit that it's extremely fun to land a well-placed KABOOM and pick up the kill.  I mean honestly, that's probably why a lot of Lux players do it.  Sniping is just.  too.  great.  And it's so satisfying.  Honestly.   But when I'm playing Lux, I do try to use my ult when it's advantageous.  For example if a team fight breaks out and I see the enemy bunched up fairly well, I'll usually fire off my ult and try to hit as many as I can.  Also if there's sort of a standoff and nobody will initiate, I love poking with E and my ult before a team fight even starts, since the CD is so low I can usually use it again during/shortly after the team fight.   Then there's always the situation in which you can kinda NOT use her ult to "bait" so to speak.  For example, it's not uncommon for people who took Heal to stick around when they're low on health to bait the enemy into attacking, then pop heal for that quick advantage.  Sometimes if I'm seeing a skirmish between a couple allies and a couple of enemies, I'll save my ult until they're nearly dead to lure them into a sense of impending victory.  It's a close battle, so both sides stick around and fight it out... if I ult too early it could scare them off, but if I save it, I can use it for when the fight gets a little bit more "down to the wire" to turn the tides in our favor.   Really though, there's a lot of variables here.  Some people have mentioned that it may have just come off cooldown, or other things.  We don't really know what the situation is/was.  Also don't forget that Lux is an AP Carry, and if she's picking up kills, you shouldn't be that angry.  Her job is to get fed and carry.  I never get mad if a carry gets a kill I was going for...  because they're the carry.  Maybe if my support blatantly stole my kill I'd be a little upset, but not a carry.   /endtextwall
0	I think my shame smoking is going to get me in trouble some day.  I am a very social person in my neighborhood when not smoking.  But at night when I will have a couple, I HAVE to go out front, since I don't have a backyard of other entrance.  So, I will just stand there on my stoop and most nights it's fine. But every so often one of the other units (which are all filled with kids...seriously, every single one) will open their door and I hear children. Mind you I can only see my "across-the-sidewalk" neighbor, so I never know who else is coming from other routes.  I just hear children.  I too don't want to expose them to smoking, influence them in any way (if they even care about me) and I immediately put it out.   And here's where it gets a little funny...   Well, what I have noticed is when I put it in the ashtray I slightly bend over out-of-sight thanks to a bush. So, my attempts to be super neighborly and supportive of a proper upbringing ended with me popping out of a bush of sorts in the dark.  God forbid my light is on cause then I really make an entrance!   My longtime neighbors know this and thank me, but the new ones always get startled.   **[
1	Morgana is a goddess.  She isn't a typical burst mage (like brand or annie), but rather a high utility mage.  She can be played AP mid, solo top, or support bot with varying degrees of success.  Her passive spell vamp is amazing for staying in lane and keeping you alive.  No matter what early game role/lane she takes, she has an amazing presence in teamfights.  She can even initiate with flash + ult.  With her shield on herself and a zhonya's active, she can stun several people while staying fairly safe.  If your team is halfway decent, landing a stun on 3+ people generally means you have won the teamfight.   Theres several ways to build her, but I find it basically comes down to a few things.  First off, you'll want a mana item.  Your health sustain means you will be in lane longer than you will have mana.  Blue buff can certainly help, but I find it better to have at least one mana item.  Catalyst, doran's rings (x2 or x3), fiendish codex, and philo stone are the ones that come to mind.  After that your items will depend on your playstyle.  Offensive mages will want AP and CDR, and possibly a RoA in order to survive being in the middle of a team fight.  Utility mages will want CDR and AP, with possibly a RoA to help stay alive.   I personally play her as a passive farmer in lane, though if I see the opportunity to gank, I will.  I generally start dorans ring, and grab another and level 1 boots on my first back.  At that point I RUSH zhonya's hourglass.  This item is hands down the most important item on morgana, and I see very little reason not to get it first.  After that I build sorc shoes, morello's evil tome, and deathcap.  If I'm having trouble surviving I'll go for a RoA.  I generally keep a ward slot, so I don't get more than 5 items.   Here's some tips and tricks I've learned with morgana over the past year or so of playing her.     Get pool to level 3 by level 5.  With runes/masteries and maybe a ring this should be enough to kill all the ranged minions - increases your farming capability by a ton.     Your E is the most powerful move in the game.  Use it wisely.  Remember that it  prevents  CC and magic damage, so using it after someone has been stunned won't help a lot.  A well placed shield on a fed trynd/fiora/yi/sion can wreck a team.  A shield on yourself can help you live to get your ult off.  It also is great for karth/ziggs ults, though you have to be somewhat quick to save a low hp ally.     Your ult is an amazing tool.  Use it for single target damage early game, and then save it to hit as many enemies as possible late game.  You can initiate with flash and ult, however its recommended to self-shield first and have a zhonya's to survive and get your ult off.     Your ult can detect stealthed champions and will affect them when used.     You gain life from spell vamp while invulnerable due to zhonya's.  Placing a pool under enemies/minions while using it can help you gain life back.     Leveling Q will result in a high damage skillshot, however its sometimes worth it to level E against a heavy hitting magic opponent.     Your pool reduces opponents magic resistance with each tick.  Keep this in mind if you have a chance to 1v1 an enemy.  Starting with ult, placing a pool under them before they are stunned, and landing a Q right as the stun comes off can result in some serious damage.     Rylai's is a bad item on morgana.  Her pool and ult use the AoE slow of 15%, and her Q freezes anyway.  Grab RoA instead if looking for some health/AP.       For the low low price of 1350IP, she is a  great  buy and well worth learning to play.  She may be banned often, but theres a reason for that, and definitely take advantage of any time she isn't banned.
0	Well it's like Teddy Roosevelt's Bull Moose party during the election of 1912. Assuming exactly half of everyone is Republican and the other half Democrat, Roosevelt, a Republican, runs against Taft, Republican also, and Woodrow Wilson, a Democrat. People identifying as Republican now had two candidates to vote for, so it divides up (hypothetically of course) as Roosevelt getting 25%, Taft getting 25% and Wilson gets the other 50%.   If the third party has more liberal policies, than the Republican party gets the election, if it has more conservative policies, than the Democrats get the election.
1	I'm tired of people saying that Elo hell doesn't exist.   I agree with the majority of your post, but the fact is that there's simply a misconception of what Elo hell really means. It's (obviously) not an inescapable zone somewhere between 1100 and 1300 Elo (which most people think it is). It's a difficult-to-escape zone centered around your personal Elo - hence the misconception that it exists around where the  majority  of players are: the average.   Elo hell is when it starts to matter that you are only 20% of your team. When you can no longer steamroll every enemy without help from your own team. Typically it will happen 100-200 points below your true Elo, but it's also very swayed by the champion or role that you choose to play. If you main support, the influence that you can have on your games is going to be slightly lower than, say, playing a jungler. So your Elo hell might end up being 250-300 points below your true Elo. Essentially, it's the Elo bracket where you are slightly better than your teammates, but not good enough to influence every game. Thus, it feels like it's driven by the afkers/feeders/ragers because they retain the power over the outcome  because  you can't carry them.   In your post you claim it exists, in your comment you say you've disproved it. I'm not sure if you're intending for sarcasm, or just renaming Elo Hell as "Your True Elo." But regardless -
0	As a delivery driver being paid minimum tip wage (lower than regular minimum wage here), I expect tip for the service I offer: I hustle out of the restaurant and to the customer's locations soon as my orders are ready, I show up with a smile on my face and sharply dressed as demanded by the restaurant (uniform, only partly supplied), I make sure with the customer the order is right then hand back change making sure math is right before thanking customer for their business whether they tip low, high or not.   Doesn't seem like a lot but not so many drivers do all of this, some can't even look customers in the eyes while they're at the door for crying out loud (witnessed more than once as a guest at parent's or friend's place) so I think for the type of wage I earn I deserve more than these guys who don't do what I've come to think is normal expected service from the customers.   So I do think OP is right in a sense that tips should be earned, not fixed, predetermined, or given freely.   Do more for the customer, get more (than zilch, doesn't have to be outstanding for regular service). Do poorly and get less or nothing at all (I've messed up orders at times, forgot an item, cola you can get at any convenience store, not so easy for sides or desserts) and got stiffed for em despite making the extra trip to fix it of course and I thought:"fair enough, poor service from their point of view and they're letting me know."   Do above average and I very much enjoy getting a better than average tip although I've come not to expect it as automatic. Examples of these:     Very slippery roads/snowstorm and delivery times on par with bright sunny day.   Four trips or more to get an order for a large group in the car and from the car to the customer's preferred location in the building (many driver barely get past the door and don't even offer to carry the order inside while it's still in the easy to carry delivery box/bag)   Customer leaves me ringing the door bell multiple times out in the rain before answering.   If I deliver to any other spot than the front desk of a campground. Most campgrounds have this very low speed limit which I try to respect (dust and pedestrian being the concern) but I've been yelled at to slow down while idling in first gear last summer (!) and I'm sorry but it takes me more time to get from the front gate to your site than it takes me to get from the restaurant to the front gate and that's time I don't have at rush hour.   Driving way out of our regular delivery territory.   Having to run around a factory to find the customer who gave the name of the company (not his own) when he ordered but hasn't told front desk about an incoming delivery.   Prevented the cat or dog from bolting and I do mean bolt, not just coming to the door to see who's there.     I do expect more for those situations but in some of these I very seldom get it.   From what I've read from my compatriots from the States I get more in wages than they do. This being said a normal tip for a regular order is two to three dollars, less for a smaller one, more for bigger orders or tougher delivery conditions (see above). I earn a decent enough living this way but I do have to be available for every weekend diners, every week on top of other hours with my own weekend usually being Tuesdays and Wednesdays.   It's a nice job with its perks and disadvantages, so long as you like driving a lot and customer service, which I do.
1	1v1 is fucking dumb. If I'm Shaco, I can 1v1 most non ultratanky or tanky dps characters easily, but only usually due to the drop I get on them combined with the sudden urge to flee when I pop in unannounced instead of just turning around and murdering me.   If I were to stand toe to toe with a Xin, with no element of surprise, I'd in all probability lose if he knew to ping me so he could keep telling who the real Shaco was post-ult. In a real game setting, I've 1v1ed countless Xins no problem.
1	Is your carry actually carrying?  If so I think it's better on the Carry.  There used to be a difference in the slow between ranges and melee but now there isn't so the utility of having the slow at range should more than justify having it on the carry.  Keep in mind that if you die trying to kill their carry you pass on and reset the buff for whoever gets it (potentially bad in a team fight where the person didn't already have red). A fed carry by contrast is in a much safer position throughout the fight (ideally anyway).  If you are fed and your AD isn't however it is better on a tanky type character.
1	This is actually NOT correct.   What actually happens is when you duo with with someone much lower elo than you, you don't face opponents that have mmr equal to the average of you and your duo, instead you play with opponents that are HIGHER than that average.   Let's say you are diamond 5 and duo with gold 5. If we assume mmr is distributed through equal intervals, the average of you and your duo should be plat 5. HOWEVER, the system will arrange it so that the other 8 players (other than you and your duo) have an mmr around d5-p2 range (I'm saying this as approximate). You will not be playing against anyone below diamond mmr.   However, the 3 players on your team will have similar mmr to the to the opposing 5 players. The only person at a disadvantage is your bottom elo duo.   E.g.   Your team: d5, p1, p2, p2, g5   Their team: p1, p2, p2, p2, p2   *for the case that you and your duo's mmr are similar, you will almost always be placed at the bottom 2 picks. When this happens, you, your duo, your team, and your opponents' mmrs will all be relatively similar. You and your duo will USUALLY be either in pick positions first and last, or fourth and last. Other pick positions are rare but possible.   This is a pretty basic explanation but I can go to detail about extras cause I'm a beast. Also if anyone wants to know how season 3 clamping worked and the +0lp phenomenon... dzbeballin has the answers.   If anyone wants a further explanation, think of a radical curve (f(x) = sqrt(x)) as a representation of the improvement/skill curve. The mmr curve is supposed to be analogous to this (Elo vs Ladder Ranking [in terms of division/lp] - think about the distribution of players in each division) and thus the x-coordinates of you and your duo will be averaged and the corresponding y-coordinate is the resulting team selected mmr. It works something like this (not 100% but pretty much)
0	Story time?   Incoming wall-o'-text   I was leader of my school's journalism and technical theatre program by Christmas break of my sophomore year. Plenty of first amendment disputes over them controlling my writing and the publication thereof.   For my news pieces I was very unbiased, presenting the facts in an understandable way. Obviously there's going to be a level of subconscious bias, but I always did what I could.   However, when it came to my op-eds. I wrote scathing op-eds, bad enough that the "List of Burn Centers in the United States" Wikipedia page could've been placed as a footnote.   As for my most notable feat of teenage strength (this was the only time the state board of education got involved), it was regarding a teacher who was removed from class with maybe 15 minutes prior to lunch starting, for a comment made earlier in the class when a student asked him about our principal's sexuality. He deferred and said that   > "The principal may or may not take part in an alternate lifestyle," and that "any questions about her life should be directed to her."   Seems fair enough, right? Not quite so. The vice-principal's daughter was in that class and promptly played snitch, texted her mother, and sure enough, in comes the administration. They yank him from class, and he's not seen again.   That night, there were a couple of groups on Facebook that had popped up that essentially arranged a sit-in to bring him back. I, somehow, managed to tie all of them together under one organization.   Apparently, the city police department and school administration had been monitoring the situation, and when I arrived at school the next morning there was some 800 students in the common area. City police quickly found four other students identified as "ringleaders" and myself, and essentially asked us to come with them. My loudmouthed ass told them no, because they had no reasonable suspicion or anything.   So out comes the administration, they hop on the bullhorn and tell everyone to get back to class. Maybe a quarter of the students listen. 600 of 1500 is still a fantastic showing. Administration now pulls me and the other four into the administrative conference room, and they ask us what we want.   Obviously we want the teacher re-instated, but he was within probationary timeframes so they just chalked his canning up to something else. At that point we just wanted answers. Why was such a comment taken so seriously when that was the appropriate response; what would the student body be told; and so on and so forth.   They gave us somewhat satisfactory answers, which spawned more questions but at this time the administration gave the order to start documenting students and giving out truant violations. So we hopped on the horn with the county guys who said they'd hop down in 20 minutes.   20 minutes pass, and the dude from the district was the principal the previous year, who I had a really good working relationship with. I could write scathing op-eds and him and I would banter back and forth in the school newspaper and we would work together on things we needed to - amazing man, best person I have ever worked with in education.   He gives me some more higher-level answers, y'know, when you bark up the right tree you start to get something useful. At this point though, truant violations are getting entered into the system, and I bring up the actual legality of them punishing us for peaceful protest when we're not creating a full interruption of the school. Thank lord this man didn't have an ego, he admitted he didn't know so we hopped on the horn with the state office of education and the state AG's office to determine if it were legal. USOE was like "No, it's not, don't do it," and the UAG was quick to confirm.   So the truant violations were being removed, the five of us students started dispersing the crowd, it was almost the end of first period when we made it back (4 classes a day -- classes were 90 minutes), and my teacher was like "were you part of that?"   > Me: Well no fucking shit, what did you expect?   > Teacher: I have to mark you truant.   > Me: Actually you can't.   > Teacher: Watch me.   She marks the truancy down, and submits it to the attendance office. Within 2 or 3 minutes the man from the district is in her office telling her to remove it, which she refuses. She's tenured, so she can't get canned for...well, anything besides fucking a student, basically.   The principal comes down, yells at her, and removes the truant herself, from my teacher's computer.
1	I've read your 3 paragraphs and basically, what you're saying is that elo hell exists. That League is all about luck. It doesn't matter how well you do since you're going to get that one troll or AFKer that messes up your game. No, just no.   Every time an argument like yours comes up, I always say the same thing.   League is a game with 5 players against 5 players. One of those players is you. If you never go AFK or troll, that leaves 4 potential trolls or AFKers on your team, but 5 potential trolls or AFKers on the enemy team. Assuming 1 troll or AFKer per game, that's a 25% higher chance for a them to be on the enemy team.   What does this mean for you? It means that if you consistently outperform your enemy laner, don't troll or AFK, you will climb elo. Of course, there may be times where you get a troll or AFKer on your team 2, 3, 4, 5 games in a row. But that's improbable, and long term there will always be more trolls and AFKers on the enemy team.   Edit:
1	You still shouldn't rush liandries with both of them. They have good ap scaling and they don't need to deal with 4k hp tanks early but with 1k hp or less. Obviously, liandries is good item for late game for both of them.
0	LaPiere (1934)   Can you
1	Kind of funny to think that i'd had the time to read that shit, news flash: i don't ! Ever heard of
1	It blows my mind to find out anyone past lvl 5 locks their camera.  Unfortunately you have severly handicapped yourself by letting yourself play 400 games this way, transitioning won't be easy.   Your champion is NOT an extension of YOU.  This is not a first person game.  It is important to have constant GAME sight.  You are a summoner who dies when the throne is destroyed, what your champion is doing at any given moment is only a portion of the war.   As far as learning where your champ is during a team fight, have faith that your champ is doing what you are telling it to do.  If you clicked to move up and around, by golly your champ is going to be moving up and around.  If used a charge to go from one side of the fight to the other, holy shit there he/she is.  The difference is making the mental connection between your inputs and the outputs on the screen.  Consider it an advanced technique to know what's going on before it actually happens.   As far as camera locking, I probobly play 25% of my game with my screen off my champ entirely, and 50% of the game my champ only occupies the lower left/upper right corner.  If you have your back to a turret, and you know the enemy isn't going to come from behind, move your screen so that your champ is in the corner that you feel safe behind.  Now you can see like 75% more of what's going on around you.  +1 awareness.   When you know you have 5 seconds where you are waiting, moving through safe areas, etc, check on your other lanes, your teammates, etc  see what they are doing, what items they are building, what the enemy is doing.  Its important to understand the flow of the game.  Micro wins battles, Macro wins the war.  +2 awareness.   When moving around places like the jungle and river, move the camera so it overlaps with the fog in the direction you are moving.  In some situations this may not have your champion centered on screen.  This allows you to see what's coming up and keep an eye on your 6 as well.  You should only rarely move your camera off your champ in neutral territory like this, never know when someone might surprise you from a bush or stealing your creep.  +3 awareness.   As far as skillshots go, you just need to learn to be aware of your champs positioning at all times.  If you already know in your mind where you are standing, you can move your screen so your champ isnt even on it anymore and shoot into the dark, or through the fog to the enemy.
1	You should edit to clarify number 6. The color choices/font for the landing page (white on black) are fine.   However,  the color changes they made to the chat system are terrible. Specifically, changing the background colors such that the folder names are darker and the individuals are lighter. Since status messages for people are a wide variety of colors (red/yellow/green), they only remain clear and readable on a black background (or nearly black, what we used to have). The lighter color causes the contrast to be a larger eye strain.
1	I started playing this game with a group of friends from L2, the ones that still bronze are the lazy, cocky, bad temper ones. You try to teach them how to cs or how to build properly and they wont listen, they just keep getting mad and they always say that the other champions are OP. Ofc everything seems ''op'' when you are 3 levels behind and only have 36 minions at 15 minutes, and you make the most silly plays.
0	Your psychiatry textbook might be correct in a general sense, and assuming that it is referring to the US.  There may be issues with that assertion - beginning with the use of the qualifier "diagnos able ".   Another qualifier is the term "psychiatric disorder".  This would seem to include any of the diagnoses in professional diagnosis manuals.  I am most familiar with the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) published by the American Psychiatric Association, so I'll use that for reference.  I assume that you are familiar with it.  In the context of my comment, I was referring more to Axis I disorders, and not really to Axis II or Axis III issues.  That wasn't abundantly clear, so it has been edited to read "serious" mental health issues.   Also relevant: were these "diagnosable psychiatric disorder[s]" present when the crime was being perpetrated?   Next, I was not referring to the prison population as a whole.  The context was perpetrators of violent crimes (specifically those involving injury/death), because that is the issue I was addressing from the comment I replied to.  Also note that the current prison population is not the same as the total of those who are perpetrators of a crime, violent or otherwise.  Remember the drunk driving "affluenza" teen who killed four people and injured nine others?  Perpetrated a violent crime, was not sentenced to prison.  Plus, "affluenza" was a defense, not a mental illness.   What is the most violent mental disorder?  Depression, by a long shot.
1	I'm gay and I feel like I can provide some insight. There are 2 kinds of gay men (there are a ton of "kinds", and everyone is unique, blah blah I'm telling a story) that you will often run into.   The first kind of gay man is the one who tries to emulate what you see in  movies. He's flamboyant, loud, annoying, shouts stupid shit like "girlfriend~" on a regular basis and isn't being ironic. This is what you'll see at those terrible pride parades that put us back 40 years.   The second kind of gay men are completely normal and you generally won't even know he's gay unless you're good friends or see them together.
0	Okay. god I have no idea how to start this... well... I was 19 at the time, I'm not much older but I think it serves well to state that..   I had (still have) a friend who had a girl that was still in highschool, she was 16 going on 17 and was kinda quirky. anyways they really liked each other and it was pretty obvious that she thought I was good looking/handsome (I was at the time) she decided to bring one a few of her friends one day to a little kickback we had. there were drinks and whatnot. well I liked one of them, she was a little short, but really really cute. I talked to her a bit & to her friends but quickly went to my beer   anyways, later on, my friends gf tells me that the one I like said she thinks im cute (I hadn't told her anything nor did even consider myself cute) anyways we flirt a little and while everyone is chatting in the room, im laying on her lap as she plays with my hair   fast forward about one hour and everyone is leaving. I say my goodbye's and realize its just me, my friend, his gf, and her friend (the one that liked me)   I was kinda drunk so its kind of a blur what happened but my friend and his gf started making out near some stairs in our building. which was kinda weird, so me and her friend went to another set of stairs and began talking.   I held her hands and played with her but she had said something stupid. I don't remember but it annoyed me, so I yelled out to my friend that I was going home. I felt bad cause im sure he wanted more time with his girl but at the same time I just wanted to go home.   fast forward a couple days, and we're at another friends house for his small little birthday party. it was simple, a few people, some girls, some guys.   im there having a beer when my friend walks in with his gf, and her friend again. I say whats up to them and her friend starts talking to me. I get a little buzzed and she becomes really nice at this point so we keep talking and flirting. eventually we end up playing rockband ( I have no idea how we all did that) but she was on drums and I was just spectating at that part. Eventually she says she doesn't want any more beer, so she gives me her can which is almost full. Me being the party monster that i was (am) took it and drank it all at once. she's having a bit of difficulty playing drums and asks me for help. so im like, okay.   she didn't give me the sticks so I grab her hands and bang the drums with her, we end up failing and laugh about it.   I say something like "shit, well you're supposed to pass" and she stares and says "yeah" we lock eyes for a moment, and in my drunken mood I decide to kiss her, why the hell not.   so there we are, making out and by this time, mostly everyone is outside joking around, drinking or smoking a ciggy. we lay on my friends bed and the remaining couple of people step out.   I grab her breasts as my tongue plays with hers and get hard. she doesn't stop me so I pull out on of her breasts and start sucking on it softly.   im having a real good time, unzip her and finger her while we kiss. she takes initiative and grabs a hold of my cock on my jeans and lightly jerks it. about twice my friend (whose house it is) walks in to get something and we stop, stare at the ceiling and play with each other's fingers  Each time saying "Oh shit im sorry"   so we keep going when he leaves.   Eventually things get hotter and we're both ready. I've been to my friend's house many times before and I know where he keeps his condoms, so I grab one. she's totally into the moment and we start going at it... I end up finishing and again we just lay there playing with each others fingers.   she says "lets go outside" and I say "okay yeah lets go"   toss the rubber.   end up outside & talking with everybody while holding her hand like were a legit couple. the night grows longer and its time to leave so we leave in the same car, and were in the back making out and im rubbing her through her jeans.   I say goodbye as we drop her off...   fast forward another couple days. One of my friends tells me "dude. we saw the whole thing" Im like "what, how?"   there was a window and we had the lights on. it had a screen and I didn't see anything outside, so I assumed they couldn't see us. they ALL took turns looking at us.   a part of me was like "fuck, they saw us?" and another part was like "Fuck yeah, they saw us!"   well I get word from her friend (my friends gf) that she's 14.   I gasp the fuck out. I had no idea...   her friend had seen it too and was cheering me on apperantly.   later on at another party I didn't attend, they had seen her   the story goes, everyone went silent and was whispering "that's the girl that (anon) fucked"
0	Story time: Shared a room with roommate. Woke up one morning with him and a chick doing it. Laid motionless in bed so I don't disturb them. Tried to alert roommate by tapping wall besides me. Chick noticed but continued anyway. Waited till they fell asleep before leaving the room.
1	The problem with your logic though is you assume that mmr is a direct measure of skill. When scaled up (comparing 1400 vs 1600 for example) the system works well and in most cases the 1600 is better than the 1400 but at low differences like 1400 vs 1420 it almost impossible to see who is better.   The main reason for this phenomenon is that each win and loss is not determined by a single player. Being a very good player (for your mmr) means you may win 75% of your games. In the long term your mmr will steadily increase until you win ~50% of your games. But in the short term your mmr will go up and down.   Even If you assume each player is exactly where he belongs their mmr will not stay exactly the same. Even if the player's skill level stays exactly the same their mmr will likely fluctuate significantly (50-100 mmr at least). So how could you make any significant conclusions about a player's skill from 10-20 mmr?   Edit:
1	It's definitely one advantage of being in a more structured environment. Both Gambit and TSM suffer from having to be entirely self-motivated, whereas I'm sure AZB didn't even have the option to take a month and a half break. If you've seen the office where TPA plays, it's just a normal place of work with other people around who are doing their jobs and TPA come in, put in the practice and go home every day. Gaming houses are better than nothing, and Gambit don't even have that.
0	Not flowers, but be polite, definitely.  And keep up a conversation.   I had a girlfriend that I was going fairly steady with for almost six months, and when I first met her family I shook everyone's hand, looked them in the eye, called them "Mr." and "Mrs.".  Fast forward four months and my depression issues were causing me to kinda block her out, and she left me.   But, her family loved me so much that they invite me to get together and I hang out with her brother occasionally.  This is great because I'm still extremely respectful, and it makes her family look at her like shes a bitch, which is just that sweet little bit that tells me that hey, I dodged a bullet.
1	I think the biggest issue with this passive is that riot complained about the old passive doing nothing for late game draven, while a gold passive DOES ABSOLUTELY NOTHING FOR A FULL BUILD DRAVEN. I know the argument that tf's kit does fine with a gold passive seems plausible but the truth is TF's kit has so much more utility than draven's and a lot more mapwide pressure. All draven had was being a great lane bully, and he can't really lane bully that effectively with such a huge hit to his early damage... Especially in higher elo's where it's very unlikely you'll be slaughtering the enemy bot. The new passive is functionally useless unless snowballing, and even than the old passive had a higher gold value in terms of damage.
1	I'm not Garyyyyy, but I was in the same boat as you last week.   I had been following the meta on Reddit for about half a year, and had recently hit 30 - but was reluctant to start on Ranked due to the horror stories about it found all over the Internet. After all, I only mained solo top and was a horrible jungler (despite having the runes for it) - they say you should never start Ranked until you know at least two roles.   However, a good friend of mine popped onto chat and started asking me if I wanted to play on a 5v5 ranked team in the near future. He said that the open positions were AP carry, AD carry, and support. I realized then that support might be great for me (I hate squishy champions). I bought a full support rune page, got my 16th champion, Janna, and started practicing in Customs.   Eventually I got tired of practicing, and against my better judgment, I jumped straight into Ranked. I called support, and went on to easily win that game.   I'm currently sitting at 5 wins and 1 loss in my placements, at a 1305 provisional Elo - all playing as support. Take what you will of that.
1	HoN did alot of things wrong. Like not changing the game-breaking learning curve for things like champion knowledge, item builds and unfriendly controls for a newcomer. But they did some things right too.   What about in-game voice chat, being able to choose your recommended items, the in depth Guide system that you can customize on the fly in-game? And a smoother working lobby client without all the issues Riots Adobe air client has accumulated over the years.   Basically all your complaints have been is about the lack of user-friendliness for beginners HoN exhibits, but without having actually experienced the Gameplay once you know what your doing.   I actually had a Veteran DotA player explain everything to me, so upon playing HoN i actually found alot of fun in it, and i still play it whenever LoL is down or i dont have anybody to Duoq with.   For instance LoL is notorious for a focus on passivity early-mid game, with an emphasis on farming rather than engaging the enemy team. You have roles like support in whose single goal is to facilitate your teams carry.   You know what the supports job is in HoN? To Kill things. Thats right, in HoN, Supports are generally utility focused heros that damage-wise, scale really well with early levels, but fall off late game. This means as a support often you will be trying to get the rest of your teammates AS MANY KILLS AS POSSIBLE early game. I had a ball playing support, warding and ganking between lanes and surprising enemies with some fiery butsecks.   The point of this wall of text is that HoN and vicariously DotA, take much more effort to get into that LoL for sure, and while most people don't want to spend too much time getting into a game, those that do enjoy it profusely.
1	It's not so much about countering an enemy ADC. There's no point to playing Graves if the opposing lane picks Ashe and your team comp is a poke comp, or if the opposing team has strong AoE teamfights.   It's more about picking an ADC that better compliments your team comp, such as picking Caitlyn in a poke comp and Miss Fortune in an AoE-orientated comp (Curse of the Sad Bullet Time - Amumu + MF, as an example). If both teams are running the same comp, you want to pick an ADC that better suits the comp than the opposing player's ADC suits their comp.   You also have to take the opposing support and your support in mind when you make your pick - picking Kogmaw into Blitzcrank with Soraka support is absolutely suicide unless there's a big skill gap between you and the opposing players, but that goes for any pick.
1	Greetings, OP. It seems you may believe you are a good Udyr player and now think that Udyr should fade back into nothingness. However, Udyr has always been this powerful, the mana cost changes only made him a better choice in the jungle.   What's that, you say? Phoenix Stance has been buffed? V1.0.0.120: Phoenix Stance: activation damage increased to 15/25/35/45/55 from 10/18/26/34/42   Wow. 5/7/9/11/13 extra damage, o an ability that scales with AP. This is what makes Udyr "OP"? I surely must not be watching 2k elo streams, because they are rampant with these AP Udyr's.   Oh, you mean they use Tiger stance and Turtle+Wriggles to lane, and harass? Well,  ** , let's see how those to stances have been affected:   V1.0.0.120: Turtle Stance: now heals Udyr based upon the actual damage dealt (instead of the raw damage dealt), but the heal is not reduced if **the damage is shielded V1.0.0.116: Tiger Stance: Hit particle no longer plays on turrets. Udyr's hands will now always display hand particles when his next attack will shred the target. V1.0.0.108: Tiger Stance: Base damage changed to 30/80/130/180/230 from 40/80/120/160/200. It no longer scales off of ability power. Attack damage scaling increased to 1.7 from 0.5. Persistent attack speed in Tiger Stance increased to 20/25/30/35/40% from 15/20/25/30/35%. Initial damage effect can now be triggered any time in Tiger Stance, or within 5 seconds of casting it even if you switch stances. Restored the hit particle to Tiger Stance's basic attacks.   Turtle stance? nothing. Tiger stance? The last "buff" it got was a rework to make it useful. And that was months ago.   Why is Udyr underplayed? He isn't as "clear" as say, Warwick, where you just right click jungle enemies and shut someone out of a fight. Udyr has numerous paths, builds, and techniques to make him most likely the most flexible jungler in the game. Why was he rarely seen up until his "buffs"? With Tanky dps running rampant with instant gap closers (Ex: Xin Zhao, Jarvan IV, Irelia, and such), Udyr felt "weak" and "clunky" because his only gap closer was a movespeed buff and a 1sec stun every 6 sec. He fell out of favor because there were stronger jungle picks that had the instant gap closer.   Why is he being played now? Wriggles and Turtle stance. There is no way of going around this. Tiger has not been complained about since it's rework in V108. Phoenix has never been complained about. But when Riot changed Wriggle's proc to no longer heal for solo laners, the obvious advantage is the only champion who can, Udyr.
1	I don't agree with this starting from the point of you probably have never stepped into Riot Headquarters let alone know their operation status so most of these claims already have no basis.   > League has a lot of problems that are on the back burner or not a priority. Whether or not they are being worked on they are not coming out fast enough, this is not a complaint so much as an observation. The client is a good example of something that could fairly easily be revamped or improved with a bit of dedicated resource allocation (hire people to do it)     What do you suppose they do about the client? It's actually had a lot of it's problems ironed out as opposed to how it was before. Also, they have said a couple times (too lazy to google the source you can say I'm lying if you don't believe me) where they state the client isn't as simple as "omg n00bs develop a new one so it works better then transfer the stuff over ezpZ n3rds" and it's best to improve the current one (which they are doing) rather than just "get a new one."     > Riot is stingy with applying in game currency (IP) towards solving community problems/complains. No I don't want a free IP weekend for "insert problem here", I don't really want any IP (I don't need it) but it could easily be applied to improving community behavior.     They are a company based off a free-to-play with micro-management for their source of income. The more IP they relay out, the less people are inclined to spend RP. Would it make the community happier? Probably not. If you haven't seen the crap shoot known as League GD or League Reddit, the people are just going to find something else to complain about a couple days after they're given something free. Majority of League players can only take, but cannot give. Also, constantly handing out freebies sets a precedence and a sense of entitlement for players who don't understand. I'd rather not have this.     > Riots customer support is slow and swamped, it needs more focus.     Have you ever tried to contact Blizzard or Nexon support? Yeah, try that and tell Riot their customer support is slow. I've used their support several times, and each time I got a reply within 24 hours, and subsequent replies in sufficient time. Sure, sometimes they give you poor automated answers, but that's what they have to do in order to prevent any legal matters in specific cases. Be patient, you're not 8 years old waiting for your ice cream on a beach day anymore.     EDIT : Meant to type Steam, not Blizzard.   > Riots server problems are pronounced especially in EU and Korea but even NA has recently become very unstable with little available information     This one I'll give you about EU/KR. However, understand that EU's infrastructure for servers and data type products are no where near as pronounced as places in Asia and in North America. I haven't encountered too many problems in NA servers recently actually. A lot of the complaints I've seen on Reddit and GD are actually problems with the user's computer/connection but are too ignorant to understand so they blame Riot.     I think you're very misinformed about what you say about the Tribunal.   > Instead of not offering a reward other than score, it should be something every player wants to do... Tribunal should be something that players want to do every day because of a large IP gift for doing so.     What? Your argument is completely counter-intuitive. You say the Tribunal should be something that a player WANTS to do. You don't really WANT to do the Tribunal if you're doing it only because there is IP rewards involved. Do you do a good deed on the street, for example, help an elderly person cross the street then when you make it across you say "LOLMONEYPLS"? Tribunal will ALWAYS be a tough thing to run 100% efficiently without weeding out the children who just spam punish cause they have nothing better to do. There are improvements that can be made, but definitely not an IP incentive as you suggest. I'd rather have it like the PBE where you apply/get selected to do the Tribunal. Have trusted members of all ratings (similar to those Wrenchmen you see on the forums) that do it genuinely to clean up the community.     > If Riot applied simple rewards (IP for top 10% honoured, Skins for top 2%) it would greatly improve player behavior. Just use the old shitty reskins no one buys and every 11 year old will start behaving. The least spend happy people are the most abusive because they're young and have no money, they will behave for a slightly bluer Veigar skin, or whatever.     People are dicks because people are dicks. They're not gonna magically be like "HOLY IF I COMPLETELY CHANGE THE WAY I ACT ONLINE IM GONNA GET A FREE RED SHIRT FOR MY CHAMPION? HELLLLLL YEAAAAAAA." Try playing CoD, Counter-Strike, DoTA or probably any other large player-base game and compare the flaming. Trust me, you'll know the difference.     This is my view on things. Though I disagree with you completely, I still upvoted you for the effort in displaying the way you felt. Take a step back and try to look at it from a business perspective is all I'm trying to say. Good day.
1	I agree, without a doubt, the quotes lend the interviews a great amount of intrigue. And I feel, pre-worlds, most of us love them! It's just that what with some people not enjoying spoilers, perhaps it could be less specific. Like "Fnatic Soaz Day 2 - Thoughts on the Korean Performance... Faker living up to the hype". Obviously just a really weak, thrown together quote, but nonetheless an example of a less spoiler-centric title.   Really, none of this bothers me b/c sometimes I can't catch every game, so it's nice to get the
0	Because all of my friends are fat fucks, I am usually the one who gets stuck with the back seat since it's easier for me to get in and out. What people don't realize, even with no music, sound doesn't like to travel to the backseats in a lot of cars. So when you turn the music on, you create an insulated layer space-time bubble around the two front seats that block any form of communication.   The only thing worse, is having a friend with adhd going, "Oh I like this song!" and turning up the music a little more at the start of every song and a second time at the "drop." Soon the "massive subs" in the trunk of the car start to shake your dick off (not in a good way), and the blood from your ears drain into your mouth, choking your cries for help, as if they can hear you in their extra-dimensional bubble that surrounds the front cabin.  You slowly die as the music intensity increases. Now it is effecting your sight. Images of Skrillex trying to blow the biggest cloud of smoke at his macbook at a show. His half shaved hair flailing about as he tries to dance to the music. "Your not even moving to the rhythm," you cry out, but your words are lost in the intensity of the beeps and boops. A final wub, and everything goes black.
1	This is westrice's guide on chogath if that is any help. Myself i like to focus on CDR and resistances+ AP. I like to build frozen heart, abyssal scepter, banshees, FoN, Zhonya's(Or sunfire i just prefer zhonya), merc threads.  You could skip the banshees and get a RoA or maybe a rabadons, but if you ask me, playing cho is a question or balancing damage and survivability, just because cho's ult gives him 900 health(i think?) doesnt mean that makes you tanky enough. And for summoners i go flash/teleport or ignite.
0	The 2 ways I use most of the time are:   The first one is the easier one: Find groups or events with like minded people as yourself. Same hobbies, spiritual beliefs, work, age, etc. Start a conversation about the event, place, weather. Then ask them what they are really passionate about. And REALLY listen to what they have to say, even if it's not your cup of tea. Then when they are done, tell them how you think feel about that specific topic (kindly and in a polite manner), and talk about what you're passionate about, but don't make it an hour long monologue. At this time both of you should be invested into the conversation, and you both can feel if the other person is someone you'd like to hang out with longer, or go your separate ways.   The second one is a bit harder, but I find it the most interesting one, since it also expands my own frame of mind and thoughts: Go to an event or group of people that you aren't affiliated with on any shape or form. So for instance, go to a chess club, or a hobbyist garage, etc. A place where a few (or a lot) ofd people gather with a specific passion. Tell them you don't have a lot of knowledge about the specific subject, and ask them why they love to do it so much. Be genuinely interested, ask them anything, people like to teach something they are passionate about. At the end of the day you have met people you wouldn't meet in your normal daily life, plus you've learned loads of stuff about something new.   And as an extra bonus, you'll have loads of interesting stories to tell to your (new) friends, since you've been places.   In the event that you talk to someone that starts a lengthy monologue. Listen to them for a while, try to switch topics. If the other person does not understand that you want to divert from the current topic, tell him/her nicely that you enjoyed the conversation, but that within the limited amount of time you have there, you'd like to hear similar interesting stories like that one from other people around the place. And if you feel guilty you can always invite that person into the new conversation. This way you create a crowd, and a big chance that more people will join into the conversation if it's interesting enough.
1	congrats on challenger, your in the top 100 and any of those streamers botgering you are probably below you. you are in the top 0.05% of the games best and anyone that tells you otherwise can fuck off you finally made it man.
1	The post doesn't say whether Promise is or isn't in trouble.  Someone not the OP put that in the
0	I was 21 and she was 19 when she got pregnant. I was making around 60 grand a year in my sales job and she was unemployed. She was a stay at home mom for 2 years and then joined the military. When she returned I joined a year later. We were married a year later after that. After almost 6 years we separated. The only thing I would've changed was having a child with her. Even though everything worked out, emotionally and mentally she was not ready to have a child and never really matured. To each their own but as many have pointed out, WAIT WAIT WAIT. There is no reason to rush, enjoy life, enjoy each other, go through the normal relationship pains and hardships and joys. And if it all works out, then make the decision to CONSIDER having a child.
0	Really? I don't do anyone any favors by noy spouting my opinions any time a thought flicks through my head? You're opinion is fucked my friend. Everyone self censors, and most people refer to it as a filter. Most people think I have a pretty limited filter, but I actually choose not to say the more hurtful shit that pops into my head. You are trying to tell me that not saying awful, hurtful, mean spirited things is bad? You're fucked in the head. I recognize my OPINION for what it is, and choose not to let the worst of it out into the open where it could do damage. Here though, where I can tell anyone they are of the same intellectual capacity as someone with Down's Syndrome (you bud, and even still being politically correct), I do say what I like if I feel particularly vicious. There is nothing wrong about having an account where I get to let out the more OPINIONATED side of myself. Better to let it out on sophomoric dullards like yourself than on people who would actually take offence.
1	Won't this change the metagame to something like WoW? Certain roles will get instant queues while others take ages. People will be forced to focus on one role, maybe one they don't even enjoy, because it will be more effective for them to be able to play that one role exceptionally well rather than having a basic understanding of every role.   I'm not excited for this at all. I feel like this system shouldn't be included in ranked or should have an option to turn it off for both you and the enemy team. I don't want to queue up as "fill" and go against a guy that has 2k + games as top lane when I've got a measly 200 or so.
1	This is one of the better comments in this thread. When a muslim does something wrong, media jumps all over him with the headlines "Arab hijacks plane" or "Arab kills X amount of people", and they make sure to highlight the word  arab  or  muslim , while bringing their nationality and/or religion up as much as possible.   Then when a western person does an act of terrorism, lets say the UtÃ¸ya shootings, they only mention that it happened in Norway, and only briefly mention the nationality of the person. The person is not  called "Norwegian terrorist", he is called "Anders Behring Breivik". Same with the school shootings in the USA, where they didnt call the shooter a terrorist, although what he did was indeed terrorism.   This obviously directs attention to where its due,  the actual terrorist, not the religion or the inhabitants of a country . Nobody calls Norwegians serial killers. Doing that is just sheer stupidity, but calling an arab "suicide bomber" or "terrorist" is obviously A-Okay.
0	can i summon you for other posts when a need a quick
1	And the ending:   Baron Nashor's Blessing was evidently cursed and that was the final turning point of the game.  The rest of our pushes weren't without resistance but they couldn't afford another full engagement, each of their towers and inhibitors fell.   We kept their respawns staggered, holding off killing their team so that they wouldn't be able to all respawn and homeguard rush us for an ace, they stopped moving in and waited for the others to respawn though and made a final engagement.   The Sona ult went out and their entire team disappeared simultaneously. Towers down and the Nexus falls.   The gratuitous "Noob team" "So fing lucky win" and the odd "go die" from the enemy team and I was facing a Victory screen.   Final Score, 20/8/19   Conclusion   At 20 minutes this looked like one of the worst games I'd ever had the misfortune to play, I was tempted to start the surrender vote myself. But something told me to just click no and carry on with the game, and you know what? I'm glad I did.  I'd resigned myself to the loss but I was driven to just play it until it's end to  get better , not to win, just for practice and so that I could play better next game and take any lessons I'd learnt away with me.   Because my team didn't flame, and because they kept working together no matter how grim the game looked we ended up winning through coordination.   After the game every member of the team added each other and spammed each other with GGs and "HOLY SHIT HOW DID WE WIN", I made 4 good friends today, and I had an excellent win, +17LP may not be much but I feel like I worked for each and every point.   Oh, and I still only got 1 honour, 'Friendly'.   Really?
0	I'm an unpaid intern right now, working for a small production company in Los Angeles. I work from home 2 days/week and drive an hour and a half (one-way) to the office once/week. They have seasonal internship positions (2-3) that, from what they've told me, have been occupied since they started the program years ago. I get to participate in creative brainstorming for projects and potential projects, publish research in Google Docs, and also help them advance their social media presence. It's been good experience so far (I've been working there for about a month now) and I'm VERY happy they let me work from home since gas is so damned expensive now. It's such a small company, though, so I'm almost positive there won't be a paid entry-level position waiting at the end of the year for me. Plus, there are two other interns (both graduate film students with student loan debt out the yin-yang) who I'd be competing with. They need the money more than I do (I'm debt free)! Ha!!
1	Every single game all i see is games getting turned around by bad Baron calls.. All the time baron baron baron why is there so much stupid shit going on at baron? Someone goes in alone or 2v5 just to TRY and pick up an "awesome steal" but instead they give them another extra 300g + assist gold 9 out of 10 times and give the enemies easy mode push 5v4 with baron.   Even if the enemy has baron you can beat them if you are 5v5 because they were so ahead in the game. But everytime there's something going on with baron there's a disadvantageous fight, a forced fight a baited fight a fight they shouldn't pick or a fight they aren't prepared for (enemy have pots and they dont f.ex).
1	There are reasons behind the banning of the champions you mentioned, well except Annie and Singed to some extent. And even though one can beat them in a straight 1v1 matchup with certain heroes, the problem is they will have overall more utility/power throughout the game than most of the other alternatives that you have for the same role, and therefore have better chances at winning lanes and/or games.   You can let a specific champion open if you know you can counter him and play accordingly. But if you just let a good champion open and lose because the other team first picked him, than maybe your bans choices were not adapted to the situation.
1	I like how you put the douchiest part of this in quotes to make it seem like its something Variar said.   And since he didn't answer, let me: Entitled ass hats like you make this community the cesspool it is. Telling people that they shouldn't ask for more than they're getting is an attempt to cull you shit sippers out, or at the very least that you're not remotely liked. This "me first" mentality is the same as the people that rage in chat and take no blame for losses.   Now, to expand on Variar's point: Riot should not be expected to give away anything. They will give away IP boosts, sure, but to think we should get more is insane. They gave us a rune page already, they give us IP boosts, and you can get alistar and annie for free with about 30 seconds of work (not to mention the skin codes they circulate). But on top of that, they gave every one of us a free game. Not a demo, Not a timed trial, a free game. Also, other than skins (which only offer a cosmetic difference), they gave us a way to unlock everything in the game for free.
0	Nope, the whole charade is a waste of money incentivized by tax breaks. You get the two most insidious hell spawn ever birthed: church and state together in a holocaust of any actual meaning. Hell even the people you invite to your wedding are expected to buy stuff.
0	I just purchased my first house and inittially was uppity about using high ply toilet paper. After clogging up my toilet and almost having to call the plumber, I quickly lowered the grade of toilet paper and use less.
0	I celebrated my graduation because I was homeschooled for the majority of my lower education until I turned 18, moved out of the state, and finished my junior and senior years with honors. I had always wanted to attend school (especially as I got into my teens) but my mother refused, so I thought I would just wind up with a GED (at best) and a McJob. I also finished my associates in December and am attending a top level art school in the fall to earn my BFA. I likely would have had a lot of trouble if I hadn't gotten the diploma, so I was pretty fucking proud of myself. I was also the only girl in my family to do so.
1	Too long; didn't read. Example:   TEXT   TEXT   TEXT   TEXT
1	Maokai is a very solid solo top, and is very much like Cho'Gath in that sense. He is able to farm very easily with his sapling toss and provides solid, easy CC for his team with his snare. The ulti is also very invaluable in team fights. 20% extra reduction is no joke. The only thing Cho'Gath has on him, in my opinion, is lane sustain. Maokai's passive heals him for 7%, which you can only make use of after a certain number of cast spells. Cho's heals him for about 40 hp for each creep kill.
1	I played talon nonstop when he came out for about 3 days straight. My match history should be rather insane if you need reference. But anyways, I consider talon nothing but a burst assassin, and I have had the most luck playing him like that and nothing else. I mean yeah I've won a few 1v1s given the fact that when he's fed, he's a monster. But here's what seems to work for me..   1) I typically aim for a solo lane, where I can farm a decent amount without being bothered too much. 2) I start with my Q first, in case I have to commit to any level 1 fights I feel the additional 50 or so damage with a dot is too hard to pass up. 3) I run full armor pen marks, and quints. With dodge seals (or armor, depending on who I lane against), and cooldown glyphs. (magic resist is optional as well) 4) I love maxing out Q first, the extra damage is huge and honestly way too hard to pass up early game. And I'll max W second. 5) my standard rotation is Q, E, AA, W, ult..  6) my build is - doran's blade, boots of speed (build into merc treads or boots 3 depending on their team comp) vamp scepter, bf sword, then a bloodthirster (again, extra early game damage and survivability), usually I'll grab a phage, build an IE (Crits on your q are disgusting late game), finish frozen mallet, last whisper or black cleaver (black cleaver op), and then a phantom dancer as my last item.   Typically I like to wait for most of the cc on the opposing team to be blown, then I'll E to their most threatening caster, follow up with an AA (with my q) and try to get a w off before I ult as many of them as I can and peace if need be.
1	It matters because of talent discrepancy, you need to have enough talent so that realistically everyone has a chance at drafting a competitive team.   Think of it in terms of talent pools, mid becomes a priority pick because Berj and Hai are two full tiers above the rest, they'll score 10-15 Pts more than the next mid, that's okay the teams after the first two picks move to ADCs, Doublelift, Qtpie, Yellowpete, get snapped up they'll score close to Berj and Hai, however the next 3 players now either have to 2nd rate ADCs/Apcs or first rate jungle/top/sup. either way it doesn't matter because they'll never come close to scoring as consistently as the first 5 picks.   If they move on to top tier junglers, Snoopeh, Oddone, Meteos come off the board, hopefully it's snake draft so those three teams might be able to snag other top tier players such as Dyrus, Xpecial, Krepo.
0	I'm not anti-military, I'm anti- troop hero worship. I have many friends who are veterans, as well as some who are still serving. I have nothing but respect for them and what they do. That said, none of these guys are heroes.   They're performing an important job and should be respected for it, but in my book, the term "hero" is thrown about way too willy-nilly. These are just guys doing a job, like anyone else.   It used to be that in order to be considered a hero you had to do something heroic, e.g. sacrifice yourself to save others, do something borderline crazy for the common good, etc. Now, largely thanks to the media, it's turned into an attendance prize.   I hate when people imply that every soldier is a hero - it's simply not true. I have a friend who has made the military his career. He's been in for 10 years now and is in requisitions. His entire career has been spent on domestic bases shuffling papers.   Another friend spent the entire first Iraq war sitting on an ammo dump in San Diego. His war stories involve trips to Tijuana strip clubs.  Point blank, these guys are not heroes just because they wear/wore the uniform. And it cheapens the term for people who have actually risked their lives and/or done heroic things.
1	here's the biggest thing to keep in mind: you're shit at the game. that's right, you're shit. once you've got that through your thick skull you can start improving. if you ever for a second think you're good at the game you'll get complacent and blame others. everything is always in your control, with the obvious exception of someone afking or literally feeding intentionally. being good is about dealing with causality and improving.
0	Hahaha, you've never been to Denver, huh. This just reeks of ignorance. We've got amazing craft beer (best in the country IMHO), legal weed, great people (who live in the healthiest state in the country), world famous ski resorts at most 2 hours away (along with numerous 14,000 ft mountains for hiking, camping, fishing etc), great biking infrastructure, more annual days of sunshine than either San Diego or Miami Beach (300 days), on top of the fact that we've been doing pretty awesome in the recession. This place is fucking awesome.
0	I poured a perfectly good carton of milk down the drain before I realized the first whiff of Lactaid just smells like farts.  Smelling the milk after it was in a glass wasn't as offensive.
0	A friend of our family mixed some bleach with some cleaner, and accidentally created a form of mustard gas. Passed out right away. Doctor says he burned the inside of his lungs with it, after 6 months he's only at 80% lung capacity of what it used to be.
1	fare share of trollololols   > that are still being breast fed by mommy   > bc their mommies called them for dinner   > While the -18 year olds Say. I'm a  *    **   *   **  idiot.
0	I was not this guy, but others in my class may have thought I was this guy.  I rarely did this, but in two particular classes I had to interrupt the professor to correct them because the material they were teaching was patently false and provably incorrect.  I actually made some friends out of doing this, specifically because I wasn't the only person in the classes that knew something already.  Unfortunately, the vast majority of people were clueless about the subject matter and probably found it offensive I spoke up.   I tried to be as polite as possible about doing it, however it absolutely infuriates me when someone who is in a position of trust with the role of teaching a subject doesn't know the subject they're supposed to be teaching.  In both classes I was required to take them and they were already below the level I was at, so I breezed through it and didn't think anything of it otherwise.  But many people NEED these classes to be able to understand the subject matter so they can build on it in their more advanced classes later.  There's no greater disservice to these people than teaching them falsities, and that I couldn't abide.   In both instances the professors were petty people who graded me down specifically because of this, despite me having met and exceeded all requirements and objectives for their class.  Both were classes related to computers.  In one, all students were required to create and give a presentation about some topic related to computing.  I asked and received permission to work with another student on the project so that our presentations were related but independent.   He presented on Thunderbird and open-source software principles, I presented on Firefox and web standards, and we jointly gave out CDs with a nice custom autorun installer I'd created for Firefox/Thunderbird for Windows that also doubled as a bootable Damn Small Linux disc.  My compatriot received an A on his presentation, I received an F.  The reason cited was "I didn't use enough features of Powerpoint because I didn't put in sounds for my transitions".  This was nowhere in the requirements and my presentation was staunchly professional in nature.   In the other instance, I had a 97% or higher on every assignment and lab work section in the class, got a 100% on my midterm, and 100% + 10 bonus points on my final.  Despite this I got a D for the class, no explanation given.  This, at least in my mind, is probably mostly due to an instance where I interceded between the professor and another student because he was being verbally abusive to the other student who was elderly and hard of hearing by making fun of his disability. I found that utterly inappropriate and made an issue of it.  Everyone, regardless of their circumstance, has a right to the equal opportunity for education.  The professor for that class was a total buffoon anyway, and I lead a study group that everyone in the class attended where I basically had to reteach the material using factual information.   I managed to get it turned over in academic board review due to the support of several of my other professors in the CIS department who had worked with me and respected my professionalism, candor, and intelligence.  The professor in the second instance got fired because our entire class went to the Dean's office about his behavior and provided evidence.  One of the other students had recorded a video of him berating a student inappropriately with his cell phone and also provided that to the Dean.   These sorts of experiences are what lead me to drop out of college.  I hated college.  The only professors (for the most part) that knew anything were doing research and never taught, instead they had their grad students teach their classes for them.  The professors that did teach either had outdated information or were completely unintelligible when they spoke.  And any classes where I could actually understand the professor typically were taught by someone who wasn't in that field as a specialty and they taught straight from the book.  If you're thinking about college, save yourself some money and go get a library card.
1	Well while it is important that Riot focuses on all levels of play if you look at pro games in Korea you'd be hard pressed to find a game where you couldn't predict the victor with a high degree of success within the first 18 minutes.   At least now after the early game change to turrets, we are seeing straight up 2v2 bot lane match ups again, rather than the 2v1-top laners farm jungle til lvl2-first successful dive gets tier 1 and tier 2 turrets meta. That made the top lane role seem far less impactful, even though we are currently in a tank meta I've still seen a lot more duels and plays being made by top laners after the change, compared to before where they are struggling with their first 6 levels for a large portion of the game.   Also, once again this problem really only seems to apply to the level of play. My experience in solo queue is that games drag on because people don't know how to snowball and close out, not because of things Riot's done. Teams get advantages and twiddle their thumbs for 10 minutes, farming and not grouping, sitting in lane after taking tower, and poor prioritization of objectives.   My last point in this rant is that both Lee and Elise have been at the top of the jungle food chain for the longest time. Seeing them take a hit won't be the end of the world when they've been relatively unchanged for what seems like ages (though I will admit Lee is a lot more balanced than the spider). And early game junglers have been on the rise in solo queue and LCS. The advent of Pantheon and Wukong with the reemergence of Evelynn seem to suggest more stress on snowballing the early game than surviving to late game.
1	I still remember the first time I went to a live lol match in cologne, IEM if I recall correctly.   upon arrival I had to wait for the bathroom. I was kinda shocked that no one other than Cyanide came out (didnt expect that players and spectator shared them)   The only thing I could say was "Yo Cyanide" and he actually said "yo" back to a random guy in the bathroom 1 minute before a game.   Cool guy, have been following him ever since. I hope he comes back in some way.
1	And I hate people who want other people to play only Soraka and Janna so they can whore their E-penis with their 'rad' Ashe 100 cs by 20 minutes mad plays. The game isn't built around you, if someone doesn't want to support but ends up doing so in order  not  to fuck 4 other people on his team, he can do whatever the hell he enjoys.   And to be quite honest, I love the underdog lane. Things like Ezreal/Nunu and Varus/Sona were considered straight up dumb when facing the 'ultimate' duo of Graves/Soraka or Cait/Janna and then it's so rewarding when you end up outplaying the know-it-alls I can't even describe it.
1	Bringing him back to earth? Maybe. Then stomping all over him until he's beaten and lost his will.   Chaox was in the wrong position; they all were.  Dyrus was right, they needed to plan better beforehand.  Blitz could have just as easily blind pulled into that bush and grabbed someone different.   But Reginald didn't just point out Chaox's mistake.  He continued to hound him, and he turned their discussion into an argument by trying to throw the rest of the team behind himself.  He said things like "Everyone else disagrees, it's 4 vs 1...etc."  I'm pretty sure he even said things like "winning the argument."  It's not about winning an argument.  It's about winning the next game.
0	Have had this happen to me. I was at a show in OKC with a friend of mine who had invited another friend of his who is the female in question. I hold open the door for everyone until her. She stops dead and argues with me. She said "I know you're just doing it be nice." (Implying I'm not just furthering a male macho stereotype in her eyes I assume) I told her I'd do it even if she wasn't a female and I mostly do it out of habit to be polite. She ended up relenting and walked in. No more fucks were given and a well time was had by all.
0	I was watching a movie - it was foreign with subtitles, so I didn't know it at first that it was a horror movie. But I was well into the suspense and I was getting really weirded out when suddenly the front door flies open.   [the door is difficult to latch in cold weather and one of the cats had launched himself against the door.]
1	1) Cassiopeia Insane harass at solid range. Land an W and you basically get two free Qs with the combination of the W movespeed debuff and the Q movespeed buff. Later on, you can almost kill your enemy whenever you land an E because of Qs and incessant Es (plus dat ult damage: stun them with ult, or even just slow, the do the combo I just described and they're fucked). Very hard to shut down because she can drops dots and walk away, making even farming under the enemy tower not-so-risky. Also, with her passive, blue is much less necessary for her to farm/harass all day. Caveat for Cassio: try to hit the enemy champ ONLY with your abilities early game. Her early game harass is strong, but not strong enough to risk overextending for it. Once you get either a 2x dorans (less desirable) or dorans+boots+BW+maybe parts to a whole catalyst, feel free to overextend. Your ult and movespeed utility spells mean ganks are almost impossible, not to mention unlikely since you've probably harassed the enemy mid to the point where a spell or two would kill them. Smart junglers don't gank that situation unless they have help from another lane. High utility ult.   The rest are counters   2) Rumble One of the most underplayed champs IMO. He's good against short range champs like Annie/Ryze/Kass/Fizz etc. because of his retarded damage output and strong chasing/burst kit/moderate tankiness. I admit, he doesn't get the bulk of his damage until level 3 or four (definitely not until he gets all three spells), but until then you can easily farm/harass with Es, and if they try to run up on you you just E them and Q them until they get scared and run away. Level 4, just pop your W and Q and run at them the second they make a mistake and use a mobility/CC spell, or just do it if you think you can dodge. You may say, "but ryze will just root you and then attack you face-on!" If he does that, he makes a mistake. Your abilities are still hitting him when he does this from max range, and you (like ryze) have low cooldowns on your abilities and can spam just as hard and with more damage. Once you hit level 6 with rumble and have a revolver+, the second the enemy gets past the middle of the lane you can easily faceroll them if you haven't been shut down by ganks or bad play (and sometimes even if you have; on rumble, Merc treads+rylais+revolver=massive damage by themselves). On the other hand, never try to take Rumble against a Cassio, Xerath, or some other long range champ. He just can't get in there, because they'll be well out of his range when you start to run at them, and when you do start to run at them, they can back off with relative ease. High utility ult, and massive late game presence. My build: Mercs, WotA, Rylais, Abyssal, Zhonyas, Dcap; I build Dcap after Mercs+revolver(not WotA, that's after Dcap)+rylais.   3) Gragas Rumble can sometimes counter gragas despite his range (early game, Gragas is often going to have to autoattack for last-hits because his barrels don't just wipe waves yet; during this period of time, rumble is already pretty high damage and can rock Grag's world if Rumble dodges barrels), but for the most part Gragas works really well against short range mids and burst casters. Comboing barrel+dash is deadly, and since you should always have Drunken Rage's ad bonus active, you can chase them down after while hitting them because of E's slow, and when they do start to get away your barrels are following them. As to burst casters, his sustain will make them look silly. Oh, you just got me down to 1/4 health? Too bad you didn't kill me since my fat got in the way, because now I'm going to hit you right back and be up to a solid amount of health while you're stuck at low mana and low health. Solid utility ultimate as well, and a hoss late game.   4) Fizz Mostly just because he counters Kass. If silenced, Fizz still has his main damage source with his autoattacks to draw on. The first time Kass jumps in after/while throwing a silence, he'll realize his mistake. As soon as the silence runs out, Fizz pops W and autos. Right about then, Kass jumps away, only to be immediately followed by a Fizz Q, another autoattack, and E. If that doesn't kill the Kass (probably won't but it will come close), Fizz is probably level 6 as well, and can just shark+ignite. Of course, this is all provided the initial burst didn't kill you, but the point stands. All this happens so fast that I often see Kass die before even his Q comes off CD. To be fair, late game Fizz can be very useful (especially if built properly and fed which, let's face it, is pretty likely), but not as good as mid game. His main use is to shut down the enemy team by pushing out the other mid lane and ganking. Probably not a good idea to play him against Cassio, Gragas, or Morg. Probably some others, but you see why I chose those three. Generally, they're out of his range/too tanky to be dropped by burst.   5) Xerath Dat damage. Dat range. Dat ult. Once you can land his Qs, my god is he strong. At level 2, an E+Q combo will probably drop the enemy to half health + or - some. Having trouble landing your Q because either you aren't good enough at it or the enemy is dodging like a baws? That's okay. Use it to farm, and when you hit 6, get a little closer than normal, root, E, and then use your ult to stun (very easy to do) while also Qing. The low CD on Xer's ult makes this a reasonable thing to do even if you don't kill them, because you'll almost certainly pushing them out of lane.  Xerath is iffy though. He's good against long range champs, but think about what would happen if you were facing a Cassio and didn't hit your combo fast enough. She's gonna drop all her stuff on you, and you're probably dead if she flash+ults in. I think Xerath is still solid against her, maybe even Grag... but he's also a tough champ to play, so doing well against them more or less depends on who is better at their champ. On the other hand, Xerath will poop on short rangers (so a Gragas coming in to last hit with auto probably won't have a good time). You can harass them at a distance with minimal to no risk, and when they (almost inevitably) make the mistake of using a mobility spell to get to farm, you're in the money. Combo them then. If all else fails and you don't /really/ win your lane with Xerath, or if it looks like you won't be able to, just farm. It's okay. Xerath is a monster late game, due to his range and passive. That passive means that (especially if you've gotten a RoA, which I think you should) most of the champs that would normally go after him in a fight, ie the melee bruisers and AD carry, are going to have a much tougher time killing him; this scenario, however, is unlikely. Xer can just hang way back, wait for a teamfight to break out, get a little closer, root, and shit on the whole fight with his ult and Qs. If you can, you can use your E in the combo to stun for your team, but since the range on that is much shorter I think it's best used on whatever enemies try to charge you. That way, you can stun them and bolt with the movespeed bonus after your root ends.   Afterthought: Xerath I think is the most iffy inclusion. That spot could just have easily been for Ahri (especially), Morg, Anivia maybe... There are some really high utility champs that could replace him. He doesn't really have that much that helps his TEAM, it's really just the stun, and his E has a fairly high CD in addition to being single target.   * EDIT:
1	This, I only play ranked in shot bursts when I get extremely bored and have no one to play with or I get my determined hat on, which whenever I do I usually make progress.   Though I have friends who all they do is rage when they play ranked and get upset because their teams "feed" or don't listen. And I watch the games and they do equally as bad. Then turn to me to get more the rage out saying I'm only higher than them because I never play ranked. lol   Overall I'm trying to say just enjoy the game odds are if you're having fun and keep a cool demeanor, and place the blame on yourself when you lose odds you'll make progress, because there's always something you could have done to win the game.   Now don't patronize yourself and completely concentrate on the mistakes, just do a short reflection after you mess up and move on. Also reflect after the game, but never let your mistakes or anyone elses mistakes during the game overshadow the two major goals, first and foremost enjoying yourself and then winning. Because if you do the only thing it can do is impact you and your teams play negatively, especially if you exhibit those emotions in chat.
0	I had an automatic truck (mid 70's dodge) and used to go from drive to neutral when coasting down hill in an attempt to save gas. One day I accidentally went past neutral and put it in reverse at about 40mph (65kph). Tires locked up and squealed, engine died, and the thump I heard/felt from the transmission was insane. Needless to say, the transmission lost that battle.   In another truck I had (manual) I bet my friend I could take off from a stop in 5th gear. Needless to say, I lost the bet, and had to buy a new clutch.
1	He is a high skill champ, and got nerfed so now he sucks even more in low elo and hence the drop. He had "only" 48% win rate yet he was banned or picked a lot in lcs. Pro players mastered him and played him to sucess, but the win rate doesnt show only challanger win rate it shows the rate of low leagues too. He is still strong, and has more counter play in lane where he doesnt just poke zone you out of it.
0	Probably not 45 acp. The most common models are 30 Luger or 9mm Luger with few exceptions. Seeing as most of these guns now fall under "curio and relic" status, because they are over 50 years old, they are actually "easier" to acquire. I say "easier" because there is a permit that is easy to get, assuming you can legally buy guns in the first place, that allows you to buy/sell across state lines. Combine that with the fact that many states do not even require background checks on this class of weapons and you have a cool niche market. The problem: Price. As these weapons get older they become more scarce, be it from malfunction, intentional destruction or simply poor maintenance. WWII items are highly collectible and sought after, so the demand has only increased over the years as stores of these weapons have begun to dry up. These historic arms are now worth a considerable amount, even compared to 10 years ago, so while the price may be high it will continue to rise. They are great investments/collectors items, but having one as an heirloom is irreplaceable and if you have any interest in firearms or history I implore you to secure that Luger and make sure it gets passed down and cherished. Or contact me and I'd be happy to make you an offer =-P
1	I went 3/10 and won lane hard in 8 of those games. There were four games where I was 4-0 or better and 20 CS ahead of my opponent and but my team was in a gross gold deficit due to losing the other lanes and objectives.   I got moved from Plat 2 to gold 3.   I played 8 more games since then and won 7 of them. I jumped from gold 3 0 lp to gold 1 0 lp.
1	In this video, if you look very close enough, the blind is only fading and Nasus is still blinded when he begins the aa animation. Honestly, if you wanted to make the change that blind worked off of the end of the aa animation instead of the start, it would make him stronger.   The reason for this, is right now, if Teemo tries to trade with a ranged champ, the ranged champ will get one auto attack AFTER the blind hits that is still registered, thus making the trade slightly more even. If it is changed that auto will not go through which would result in Teemo getting his blind auto combo and being able to back out without taking ANY damage.
1	upvote for firstpost and
0	See, I personally like getting my hair done by women.   Now, you might think "but isn't that sissy and overpriced?".   No.  Women know what they want to see on you, so that's a bonus right there.  While there are plenty of gay barber jokes out there (maybe?) there is something to be said for this.   But lets get right to it.  Tits in the everywhere.  I have never found a female capable of giving me a haircut where I didn't basically half grope her the whole time.  Without the use of my hands.  Sometimes I think I should just ask them to cut to the chase and meet me out back.  I don't, and I then go to reddit and post some stupid shit like this, but I could.  I would get rejected - but I could.
0	Do you think I'll answer your condescending question or not?   Haha, just kidding, I will.   Let's say your boss gets a call that one of his employees was in an altercation with a customer where the customer ended up in the hospital and his employee is in jail.  At this point that is all you really know for sure.  Do you fire said employee or do you put him/her on paid leave until you figure out what actually happened.  This is what the investigation is.  Until they figure out what happened and who is at fault and whether or not to arrest the officer, that officer is placed on paid leave usually unless probable cause warrants an immediate arrest.   So in the situation I described above, customer for some reason flips out and punches your employee, employee in self defense tackles the customer, hurting the customer.  Cops show up arrest the employee and take the customer to the hospital.
0	That's because Man invented God, and is free to modify him when needed to keep the idea alive. By being able to adapt with a changing society, the idea of a god has stayed relevant to a modern culture.   That's why you see each generation of theists attend revivals and evangelical meetings, each a little different from the last. These successive generational waves bring with them new churches and demographics, sometimes even branching off into a new denomination, with which we are somewhat near 10,000 these days. That's how Catholicism and the Protestant Christian denominations split a few centuries ago.   On a larger time scale, God concepts can change enough within certain cultures that it crosses the line into a different religion. An example would be the branching of the Christian religion from the Jewish religion.   A slow evolution or sudden events could cause these separate religions, which were once based on the same concept of a God, to become so dissimilar that this God is no longer considered the same character. This process is well into effect between the Islamic and Jewish\Christian religions. Some people claim that Allah and the God 'of Christianity' are not the same God, while others hold the idea that it is the same God, just worshipped differently. They are well on their way down diverging paths.   In the early years of Human civilization, merging cultures sometimes combined God concepts. You might be surprised to hear that Hebrews began as a polytheistic culture after combining the separate deity concepts of Yahweh and El. There is little doubt the ancient Hebrews believed in many gods, but gradually a single Skygod became supreme among them eventually excluding their existence altogether. What we have in the Bible is edited material striving to wipe out the old polytheism
0	No this isn't true, the hides of an animal that is slaughtered are cut off the same way. There may be a bunch of ways to skin a cat, but not many to skin a cow. Today's animals that are slaughtered have every part of the animal used. They are used is some many ways that it is almost unbelievable, their was a book or documentary about a guy who followed a pig that was slaughtered and where all the parts of a pig went and what was left over. When it was over there weren't any parts unused, the more parts that aren't used the more money is being lost
0	Yet again, the English language is so limited that the words used to describe God fail to do the job.   Omnipotence only becomes paradoxical if you force it to be. A better way to understand it is this: An omnipotent being lacks no possible power. If understood that way, there is no paradox.   A better question is this, as God is omniscient, can we have true freedom? I believe we can and he is, but I recognize that some aspects of a God that is outside of the limits of our consciousness can't be understood by our limited minds. The problem with omniscience is that it includes foreknowledge. So if God knew I was going to grab McDonalds for breakfast on my way into work this morning, could I have grabbed Burger King instead? If I did, then God would be wrong. If I couldn't, then I'm not truly free, am I? This is where we get into discussions about timelessness and metaphysical libertarianism. It gets really complicated and goes beyond what I feel like typing out on my smartphone.
1	So I've looked through the comments and I don't see this comment yet: so what?   So what if people flame him?  So what is people point out his mistakes?  If people want eSports to be considered a  true  sport, then why do we expect our "athletes" to be immune from critisim?  You think [Quarterback] isn't getting shit on on twitter for fucking up this weekend?  You think ESPN isn't going to show his interception 150,000 times this week on Sportscenter and all those shows?   Critisim, critique, and flaming are part and parcel when it comes to being popular.  When you become, literlaly, one of the best in the world at what you do, you put yourself in the position to be loved, and also to be hated.  The only thing he can do is ignore it.  Turn on subscriber mode, get more mods, etc.
0	But...we do accept unhealthy lifestyles. We don't have to campaign for acceptance of drinking, because drinking is accepted.   Smoking is a bit iffy, but most of the arguments against that are that smoking hurts more than just the smokers themselves (whereas an obese person does not simultaneously shove food in your mouth while overeating themselves, a smoker does harm those around them).   You don't have to encourage them. But you can't control their choices. As adults, it's their choice to make.   I think the big difference is I don't see the encouragment of heavier people to be ok with their bodies as encouraging unhealthy lifestyles. It's just an attempt to stop the extreme self-consciousness a that overweight people feel about themselves. Which I agree with. I don't think you should tell someone that they can't be beautiful or attractive because they're overweight. Encourage them to eat healthy so that they'll live longer, but not to lose weight. I know healthy people who are overweight. That's ok. Most people don't live perfectly healthy lifestyles. It's impactical. They're no more unhealthy than I am, and I wish we lived in society where my unhealthiness wasn't treated as superior to their healthiness just because you can see the results of their choices (weight) wehereas my choices are more the inner rotting of my liver and other internal, unseeable things.   I binge drink, they binge eat. Somehow I get the right to be beautiful and not be harassed for being unhealthy, but they don't.
0	quite simple, either manage to take a step back and analyse the situation. Think if the situation was inverted, if he was doing what you do and vice-versa, would it annoy the fuck out of you?   If no, then you are a caring GF which is good (or an uncaring if you really dont give a shit, but I suppose you are caring since you think you might be an OAG). If yes, try and figure out how to stop being a pain in the ass to him, talk with your BF to see if the actionst hat you think might be annoying actually are, who knows maybe he actually likes it.
1	Can someone explain the
1	I completely disagree, this format encourages you to comment for the sake of the comment and not for it's meaning/your opinion. It also rewards comments with generic statements and often punishes you for having a different opinion. Top comments sometimes doesn't even contribute something, but are funny things or clever wordplays. Famous people always get the most attention, regardless of what they say. Imho reddit is exactly the opposite of a platform for productive discussions/conversations. It's more of a game.
0	Some people post some very personal stuff on Facebook, usually to get sympathy and attention from their friends. While I do not get satisfaction out of other people's lack of success myself, I do know a lot of people that post a lot of that kind of stuff on their Facebook. i.e. Getting teen pregnant, moving into a caravan, losing their already crappy job etc. etc.
0	See I would think it is the other way around. If someone has there head up there own ass and doesn't nt know or understand their actions, or just don't care ok that's understandable. What i think is more morally reprehensible, is knowing what the right thing is and how it negatively effects people, then choose to so the wrong thing. Just because you are introspective enough to know you are hurting people does not stop the fact that you are hurting someone. Doing the wrong thing voluntarily, is worse. I hate hearing how people can somehow justify their bad actions, to themselves. You aren't fooling anyone else just yourself.
0	Wow.... other people really started arguing stupid shit with you about this for almost no reason.....   Not saying what Germany did in rebuilding was anything less than stellar, but one key difference was that the structure was already set up for Germany. For decades, Germany had been a manufacturing powerhouse. The Saarland and Rhineland were ridiculously rich sources of coal and iron (if I recall correctly). The Germans industrialized more or less at the same pace as the rest of the world. Even though entire cities were leveled in WWII, there was something Germany had that they couldn't get rid of: an industrial system. Germany had figured out, within their country, how to run everything (ridiculously well I might add). Sure, factories were leveled, but the system that ran the factory survived, the basic ideas of "get coal from here, iron from here, put them in a warehouse here, at x time. Take them from this warehouse at x time, deliver them to x location, process everything, create steel, sell steel to business x, y, and z" continued. People who where college educated in STEM and economic fields and people who had been machinists for 20-30 years were still there, and when they got money to do it, they were able to rebuild and get right back at it. Sure, rebuilding factories sucks, but once you're done with that, you actually end up better due to now being able to implement your system with more efficient, more modern equipment. As difficult as it is to rebuild infrastructure, building a whole new system is far worse.   Africa, on the other hand, doesn't have this system. They are lagging far behind the rest of the world in industrialization, and are basically stuck with menial jobs for little pay mining raw materials and shipping them overseas. You could build all the factories you wanted in Uganda, they would take forever to get a system set up. Very few college educated people there, very sparse population.
1	Sorry im just tried of seeing people say his passive is bad, it seems like they just repeat what other people say rather than looking into it.   To put this into prespective...   His abilities with fury do aprox twice as much damage.   He gets 5 fury every auto attack and fury for every ability used, during his ult he gains 5 fury  per second , combined with with his autoattacks and abilities, this is a huge amount.   Now his passive lets him gain 50% fury when under half health from  ALL SOURCES . This means 10 fury per autoattack, 10 fury per second, double fury for every non fury ability used.   It is very deceptive as it is one of the biggest damage steroids in the game, and an excellent bait tool.
1	here, i'll list poppy's problems for you     passive: there is no real visual indication that this skill does anything at all when it's actually one of the strongest parts of her kit.  anyone who hasn't read the wiki page on poppy will not know that all of the abilities that were hitting for ~300 when she was at 100% hp will be hitting for ~170 when she's at 10% hp.  she doesn't have a lot of bonus resistances when you click her or have an obvious audiovisual cue like rammus' ball curl.  she just stops taking damage when you want to do damage to her the most.  huge burden of knowledge and lack of counterplay apart from "pick darius or cho'gath or olaf and ignite her when she's low."     Q: poppy autoattacks you.  autoattacks deal physical damage.  poppy builds ad items like triforce.  ad items do physical damage to you.  therefore, you want to buy armor against poppy and poppy wants to buy armor pen against you, right?  LOLNOPE.  poppy's q deals a fuckload of (and only) magical damage even if she's building straight ad.  you don't know this until she kills you and you bother to read the death recap.  she doesn't know this until she reads the wiki and does some math.  oh, and it has percentage hp damage just because you shouldn't be rewarded for building health to deal with poppy, either.  burden of knowledge out the wazoo here.     W: between this ability and her passive, hitting poppy literally makes her stronger.  all of the interesting lane mechanics involving minion aggro mean nothing to poppy because she gains a bunch of armor and ad whenever she pulls it.  she's also basically impossible to kite with 25% bonus movespeed AND a gap-closer, because ranged carries should not be allowed to have fun if the enemy team has a poppy and they aren't vayne or trist.     E: nothing wrong with this ability apart from poppy players thinking that they're doing it wrong if they are only using it as a gap-closer and fail to get the stun off most of the time.     R: what.  the.  fuck.  were.  you.  thinking.  riot.  you spent all this time teaching new players about how safe they are under turrets, and then a level 6 poppy rolls up and stone-cold dives them from full hp.  she snowballs completely uncontrollably in lane and in general because of this ability.  she's the only champion in the game who can initiate a 1v5 under an enemy turret and come up with two or three kills even somewhat reliably because of this ability.  anyone who hasn't read the wiki has absolutely no fucking clue what poppy's ultimate does even after they've played against it.  does qss remove it?  is she blocking my damage, or my team's damage?  how do turrets work with it?  how long does it last?  poppy players are subject to crazy false choices whenever they use it; do i ult the support to take no damage, or do i ult the carry to one-shot them?  fucked if i know, this teamfight is starting and i have to use it on someone immediately.  or do i save it for the cleanup?
0	Using a conservative 6 dollar a pack (prices seem to range from 5-10$ per pack depending on the state).  1 pack a week (2.8 cigs a day, also fairly conservative).  Thats 312 dollars a month.  Contributed into an investment with a very conservative 5% annual rate of return, compounded for 30 years is 250k.   Thats 250k you could have available at age 60 to do whatever you want with.  On top of likely being in much better health than you would otherwise.   Every time some fucker tells me they don't have enough money to be saving while lighting up, I want to punch them in the nose.
1	Please stop giving into ignorant peoples' illogical feelings.   Nigger and Nigga are NOT the same thing.   No black person goes around saying "what's up my nigger," so just stop.  The same thing can be said back to ignorant white people.  When imitating a black person, saying "What's up my nigger," just makes you sound racist.   And if it's the same word but black people are incapable of pronouncing ER and thus must say A, then why can blacks use it but not whites?  If both uses are in friendly context, what's different about a white saying it?  Is there some inequality between races I don't see?
1	Maximum total damage of Orianna, assuming Q was used twice and all other spells hit the enemy once: 2*(180+0.5 AP)+250+0.7 AP+180+0.3 AP+300+0.7 AP = 1090 + 2.7 AP   Compared to other AP champions who all have the assassin tag (all spells used once in these calculations):   Leblanc: 310+0.8 AP+245+0.6 AP+280+1.0 AP+600+1.3 AP = 1435 + 3.7 AP   Ahri: true damage:140+0.35, magic damage:140+0.35 AP+224+0.64 AP+180+0.35 AP+450+0.9 AP = 994 + 2.24 AP, amplified by 20% from E's effect. Total is 1192.8+2.688 AP magic damage and 140+0.35 AP true damage, which adds up to 1332.8+3.038 AP total damage.   Katarina: 235+0.6 AP+180+0.25+160+0.4+750+2.5 = 1325+3.75 AP   This is assuming ideal positioning for Orianna, like if the target was between you and your ally so that you could get the damage from E flying through them. Without that her max damage is 910+2.4 AP   Bonus: Annie full combo: 220+0.8 AP+250+0.85 AP+425+0.8+35+0.2 AP (1 second of Tibber's aura) = 930 + 2.65 AP. If you have the CDR to land another Q it goes up to 1150+3.45 AP   Heck, Syndra's ult alone deals 900 + 1.0 AP if you've summoned 2 dark spheres.
0	It's not a military presence China would be worried about, it's a culture presence, or a democracy presence, or a freedom presence.  Regardless of what you think of repression in western democracies, it's undeniable that we in the US are MUCH more free than they are in China.  While yes, all of those locations are nearby, none of them share a land border with China.  If DPRK went to war with the US, SK, Japan, and invariably the rest of NATO, not only would we win, we'd begin a reunification process that would unite the two Koreas into one Best Korea which would probably have a democratic rule and plenty of freedoms, plus a  land border with China .  That's what people think China would be worried about.   However, I don't think that that worry, which could be assuaged in a number of ways (closing the border?  Giving people a little more freedom?) and would be relatively minor seeing as the land border is already quite small between China and Best Korea.  On the other hand, backing DPRK would have massive economic backlash.  Remember what I said about going to war with the US and NATO?  There goes good economic relations between China's two biggest export partners: US and the EU.  Such a collapse in relations would likely lead to China's economy tanking, and would also have adverse effects on US and EU residents as well, likely causing prices on common items like clothes and electronics to skyrocket.
0	Personally i experience the negatives of that.  If a man and I are vying for the same position in a school institution, the man will probably be hired because he "can carry heavy things" and they usually give me administrative jobs.  Btw im pretty heavyset, and enjoy physical labor. ........   Apply this to everything. Going to school? What for? Ure gna be a wife anyway. Apply for job? Why hire u, ure gna get pregnant and care for your children (unlike men who stereotypically has two people depending on then financially).   Where im from, being a woman means the company needs to supply a ride to take u home everyday, because legally women are not trusted to take herself home at night. So that adds cost to hiring female employees. Basically unless you want to be a: secretary, self employed or at a very "relaxed" company that isnt afraid of lawsuits, ure not gna win from a male employee.   My enemies? Oh great. Ill get to them when i find a job. If i can get one. As a lesbian who dislikes children, damn the female stereotype.
0	Now hold on a goddamned minute.  I'm probably older than a lot of you and I have a brood of kids. And I'm telling you that things  do  get better.  It just takes a while.    Don't be a dick to your wife.  She has no control over things. Just be there for her.  You don't have to be a big wimp and just take it if she's giving it to you, but I can't stand the idea of a whole generation of baby men out there that can't buck up and help her out.  Jesus.  Grow up.  It takes a while for hormones to go back to normal.   But here's the thing, your wife is going to have a new life to look after, too.  And for a bit, that's all she's going to see.  You become second fiddle. And you know what? That's how nature intended it.  That will change too, but you better just accept now that casual bj's while you watch movies are probably going to die down for a bit.   But it all comes back.  All of it.  If you're not a prick.  If you look after your wife and stop whining like a goddamned baby.  Your a parent now.  It's time to buck the fuck up, son.   And besides, once you get it through your thick head that you're a dad, it is seriously the best fucking thing in the entire universe. I'm not kidding.  It's incredible, sad, beautiful, intense and terrifying.  It's a hell of a ride.  Enjoy it.  You're a family man now.
0	English major here! I chose the major because a) English was (and still is) my favorite subject. I'm good at it and I love to read and b) it gives you a broad education and teaches you a vitally important (and often overlooked) skill: how to write.   I have tons of options with my degree. Although, most of them involved going to some form of grad school. Personally, I wanted to be able to help people in a 1 on 1 way, so I've recently applied and gained acceptance to a social work grad school program.   What I liked most about my major is that it gave me time to decide what I wanted to do. I had no idea what career I wanted when I was in high school. Or when I was a freshman. Or a sophomore or junior. When I finally figured it out, my well-rounded major was just what I needed to be accepted into the program.
1	Jarvan --- pros: mobile, very tanky, does decent damage without ANY damage items, focuses enemy carry extremely well and makes enemies waste flash cons: can't really solo except for early game, extremely team dependent mid-late game   Irelia --- pros: carrys much harder than jarvan, has cc reduction, higher burst damage, 75 true damage per auto attack!!! cons: less mobile, more dependent on items   In solo que, I would say irelia is more viable ONLY if you can secure a solo lane and you are confident that you can do well against annoying lane opponents such as vlad. Irelia can carry a team harder than jarvan.  Jarvan does pretty well in duo lane and does very good early-mid game damage but is very team dependent.
1	I have to say I really enjoy the inflection you add to certain key words in your casting. You remind me a lot of old SC:BW casters who were so skilled at pointing out the IMPORTANT parts of fights (marine micro, stutter stepping, and baneling spacing for example). I will say though, that the biggest impact a caster can have on a game is that he presents what feels like a "higher knowledge" of what's going on. What I mean by that is that when you listen to REALLY good casters, it sounds like someone who is ABOVE the players in their understanding of the game is telling you word for word what is going on. Good League casters for this IMO are Jatt, Quicksh0t, and Monty. I think a big part of this comes from being so detached from the game as far as being a player of it. What I mean in total is that when you present plays and moments, you have to do it in a way where you don't sound like a player telling a player what is happening. For example, something common like "Flash Q" that players say to each other should be reworded to "Flash into Death Sentence" (or if you are credible enough with it, "Flash Sentence"; credible enough as in Not Phreak).
0	Technically, it's the doing of la Nina and favorable arctic oscillation.
0	I think I can answer a few of you questions. I have never personally been in the top money earners, but I have been blessed to have an uncle who is in the top 1% of earners in the country who took me in after I lost my job and helped me get back in college.   I graduated high school and did a year of college got kicked out of my house due to some of my dads issues, and got a shitty barely above minimum wage job and I was struggling to afford to eat. I then landed a nice 9-5 making a pretty decent living and was pretty darn happy. I had some extra income and could afford some nicer things, not enough to draw attention to myself but enough to be on the very happy end of things.   Fast forward a few years I move in with my uncle who is making over $1M a year running his own business. Let me tell you everybody who has ever even known his name has called and asked for something. He comes home from work miserable 4 out of 5 days a week. It's gotten to the point where he is selling his business and moving out of state with my aunt and never looking back. He lives in a $500k house and drives a brand new Benz and I the only time I've seen him smile in 7 years was when we were at my cousin's 2 bedroom house shooting the shit.
1	Considering all of those games are F2P, and WoW isn't F2P it doesn't really have to do with reading comprehension   WoW has no F2P component, they have a trial, if it said micro transactions instead it would make sense
1	It's not just about new players really. Many players know the minimap icons by heart and I bet just seeing a different icon would be confusing to many pro's. It's like charging into the White House and changing the looks of Obama's "Receive bacon" and "Nuke everything" buttons, why make things more confusing for no real reason when you can just... you know... not make things more confusing for no real reason.
1	Never say that a team is 'unbeatable'... I thought that we had a game in the bag after I got nidalee, and my friends got Zilean, Kassadin, Gangplank and LeBlanc. We were whooping with joy when nobody dodged. Although we ended up with double the enemy team's kills (their Fiora was 5-25) their Annie landed a Tibbers and they got a lucky ace. We had no tank (gangplank wanted kills... Of course), and the enemies had a nunu as well as a tanky xin zhao. The xin managed to finish our nexus, we couldn't dish out enough damage to stop him.
1	You're also not forced to eat vegetables, drink milk, or eat meat because there are alternatives, but in league there are none so you're forced to use the horrible mess of buggy champions and minions. You can say "oh i'm not forced to PLAY league of legends" of course you're not, but say you invested money into a company, and then all of a sudden that company did something awful and you can't get your money back. You either play a product that gets progressively worse due to people who don't put effort into it or you leave.
1	I got reported today :( by asshole teammates. our team was lacking CC, tankyness and a jungler  so i took chogath. At the last second some guy picks renekton and asks me if im jungling, I say yes than he calls me noob and takes smite. In my confusion i think ok ill just go solo top than, so i buy dorans ring. than renekton goes bottom lane with nocturne saying he's not going jungling. So i go into the jungle play normaly look for ganks, but all lanes are overextended. Shaco ganks them and thy die ofc its my fault. Middle is pushing like crazy and almost dieing to xerath, top was doing prety well but riven was too hard to gank (4x dash + stun). Than renekton and bomberman (ziggs-mid) start insulting me more and renekton starts taking my jungle, so i replace him on lane. me and noc get dived and killed by fed bottom lane ofc my fault ( fiddle ultied us from the other side of the wall ). we /ff at 20 minutes and they reported me for assisting the enemy team...
1	He's not. What he's doing is asking them to redirect some of their current trying-to-make-the-game-better-efforts to balancing champions outside of the top tiers.
0	It's not my story but, here:   A friend's friend, the trench coat, artsy introvert type dies from some disease he was too young to have during his senior year after a long battle. The school did nothing. The football jock dies in a car accident (it was assumed there was alcohol involved) and they canceled classes and made everyone in the school attend grief counseling--including my friend who was pissed as hell they did nothing for his friend. At the end of the school year, they made repeated announcements from the main office that my pal's pal needed to come down and pick up his yearbook. The school didn't even communicate the kid's death.
1	You're in normals and blind.. That's just how it works.. It sucks but it just does. Usually if you're the first to call something you can get it. But tbh, you can play whatever you want.. The meta doesn't have to be followed and if you dont want a jungler or want to send two mid and no one really cares, it doesnt matter.
1	So if you're aware of missing CS, don't you think that we supports would be more aware that we don't have enough wards out? We know how to do our jobs, just as an ADC knows how to do theirs."   Because often you aren't. If I'm an ADC and I know I'm missing CS, that's because there's something right in front of me I'm failing at and can immediately address and fix without the support telling me about it; if it continues, then it can be pointed out and is problem a deficiency of the player. Similar the other way around.   "The reason we get so touchy about it is because sometimes we get more shit than junglers do when they can't gank a lane. Only we get it when we take CS when the ADC isn't even there, when our wards get destroyed, when we get killed in a teamfight while helping the ADC live, when initiating what would have been a good fight if the team had just gone in, when we can't afford an oracle's, when we wander to help other lanes that need it more or basically any other bullshit reason to vent on the one person that's labeled as the "team bitch"."   I hate to be "that guy", but you're what? Silver? Bronze? I almost never hear anything but legitimate problems with a support above silver, and rarely ever in silver when I was in it.   "We are supports. We support you. We help you get to the point where YOU can carry the rest of us. What are you without us? If you take supports for granted or harp on them too much, they will leave you. There are times where the random ADC I was paired with doesn't listen to my warnings/pings and then rages in all caps about how I didn't say anything when I clearly did. "   We are carries. We carry you. You get us to the point we can, and then we take over. What are you without us? If you take ADCs for granted or harp on them too much, they will leave you. There are times where a random support I was paired with doesn't listen to my engage pings and I end up dying because he didn't know how to use his skills, and then he rages in all caps about how bad his ADC is.   "There are times where I've put up with this, other times I simply wandered to top lane instead to take that tower. To be honest, I don't believe I have to stick with the ADC all game long. I don't believe that I have to hold bot lane's hand because most times they know what they're doing or how they need to play. That means them free-farming at tower for a minute while I go get mid a few kills on occassion."   Holy shit, roaming. Fucking blowing my mind here, bro.   "Furthermore, the people that main support won't normally comment on your ability as an ADC, since it's most likely that they were once an ADC main as well. Shitty supports are the reason I main support now. If you miss a minion, we won't comment on it because we know that you know you missed it. Bringing it to attention will just make you angry, and thus less willing to cooperate with us when it comes time to fight. Harshing your mellow is just something I'd rather not do if it means that it'll put you off your game."   I wouldn't agree with this.
0	Have you ever actually seen a farm? I mean like up close, not from the highway. Farmers make money directly proportional to what they produce with a couple other factors of course. Gmo crops are worth less per bushel and cost signifigantly more to produce (seed is expensive), organically grown crops are worth more and cost a lot less to produce (no fertilizer, no pesticide). Basically farmers are going to do what makes them the most money. Organics with less production and conventional farming are pretty close as far as final profit but gmo has to yeild exceptionally well to even cover the aditional cost to produce.
0	I used to feel this way.  I had PTSD from a real bad childhood that left me with something called dissociation.  I couldn't feel anything but fear.  I remember once as a kid I watched a dog get run over right in front of its owner.  It was awful, but I didn't feel anything even though my friends were crying and beside themselves seeing something like that.  I got therapy though, and now I am equipped to deal with all those feelings.  I even cry at commercials now!  It makes me feel pathetic in a gleeful kind of way.
0	You act like religion bashing is just rude, unnecessary, and pointless.   1) Many people bash religion to vent about it. Do you realize what it's like to live in the Bible Belt and be an atheist? I'd say that 98% of the people I know are Christians. Fundamentalist Christians. I don't feel like a detailed explanation of every day life and why I might want to vent about that is necessary.   2) Religion isn't harmless. Millions of people in America believe an old book of desert scribblings is the literal word of an all-knowing god, and you expect people to be okay with that? That's just something that deserves respect and tolerance? No. It's disgusting, dangerous, and detrimental to intellectual and societal growth.   So if you don't particularly enjoy bashing religion, no one's going to get onto you about it. But you shouldn't condemn those that do so because they feel like they should, because they feel like religion is a huge problem, and as people who are aware of the damage it's doing and the damage it has potential to do, they feel like they have an obligation to try to fight it.
1	As much as it seems bad, not tryharding because of your botlane essentially punished the other 2 innocent players on your team... what a twisted and sensationalized story that totally just leaves out the facet of the other two players on your team.   There's no such thing as not "deserving" to win a game due to attitude. You win or lose based on skill, which is why toxic players can make it up to challenger. Being a "glorious white knight" is nothing to be proud of, especially if you feel the need to brag about it on reddit.
0	There is only one way to deal with that situation. Don't ever argue the point. That way lies madness. You gently remove her hand from your face, look her directly in the eyes, and with a stern but calm voice (and without blinking) say, "don't ever do that again."   If she argues, you simply make it clear you have no patience for double standards and insecurities, and that should she choose to disrespect you in such a way again, she will no longer be your girlfriend. People hate ultimatums, but they work if you're not bluffing, (the key is to not bluff). If she tries you call you on it, follow through.   You're better off not having a crazy person as a gf, but if you must, then at least teach her to be respectful (and hopefully leave her better than you found her). Also, if she listens, then you may explain the double standard (it won't convince her initially because she doesn't care, she only wants to test you, but may reinforce a belief acquired by the trust elicited by your confident display of leadership).
0	Unfortunately, some doctors consider STDs or pregnancy first and don't look anything beyond that. I completely understand ruling out things like etopic pregnancy because it is so dangerous, but some doctors do not see beyond that. My sister was in the er for pain and the doctor lied and told my parents she was pregnant (she was a teenager). My sister wasn't sexually active. The doctor insisted. My sister would not relent. It delayed her treatment for a while because she was fighting with the doctor instead of running more tests. Turns out, she had a kidney infection and all of a sudden, guess what, the pregnancy test was negative.   Forget the fact he should never have said she was pregnant with my parents in the room because it violates her privacy and by law, he is not supposed to. She had known kidney issues. As a young child she was diagnosed with bilateral reflux of the bladder and kidneys and require reconstructive surgery on her uterus and bladder. She gets UTIs, kidney stones, and kidney infections often. The doctor wouldn't hear it. All the signs were there and he still wouldn't listen.
0	That's not what happened at all. Detroit's government supported itself perfectly at its prime. The problem is that over half its population fled in the span of ~20 years due to the shrinking of the auto industry. Even the most efficient government couldn't maintain itself with that severe of a drop in tax revenue and business. Add to that abandoned properties, increased poverty and crime and a smaller pool of resources to deal with it and you have the problems that make Detroit, Detroit.
0	Whilst tipping in general will never hold up in court on its own, the right tip can point police in the right direction if they couldn't possibly know something: i.e. Guy A just robbed Guy B, then Guy A turns up dead and Guy B is laying low.   It's unlikely that the person who was robbed will report it to the police if a snitches get stitches mentality is the norm, but now the police have a line of inquiry, and as people are inherently dumb, the right guy in front of the police will quite often end in an arrest out of sheer stupidity on the criminals part.
1	This is not true at all. He isn't a "Hyper carry", not in the slightest. He is a position 2-3 Hero, like Queen of Pain, Templar Assassin, etc He can carry but not nearly as well as a hero like Faceless Void or Antimage   Ok, i was mistaken. He's still a semi-carry, chosen for his versatility.   >He does not have a spell for everything and it isn't difficult to determine what he will throw out if you play against him a number of times.   His spells include:     Debuff that makes the target be stunned and take bonus damage when hit   Invisibility   Wide wall   Mana burn/damage AoE   Global delayed damage spread over everyone hit   bonus AD and AS steroid   mini attack minions which shred armor   Directional damage skillshot   damage+stun+blind   line AoE knockup + damage     >You can easily rule out a lot of spells in a lot of situations because some require set up, some just aren't viable at low levels depending on how he builds (exort or Quax/wex--you can determine easily which build Invoker has gone by level5), some have limited range, a lot of them have long cooldowns and some like alacrity or forge spirits don't require you to really react either.   Point is, you don't pick Invoker for his focused ability to do X. From what I read (and play, I have the dota 2 beta and messed with him a bunch), you pick him to fill your team and to throw people off with a wild card.   >Invoker isn't even considered one of Dota's most difficult heroes either,most people agree he is difficult to master but you can easily play him with some degree of competency after a few games. (No really, go check out the Hero discussion for Invoker, a lot of people agree that he isn't very difficult to pick up and learn--unlike a hero like Bat Rider, etc)   It's not Dota's most difficult hero, but it's still one that consumes an inordinate amount of processing power for one champion, both to play as and against. I like the invoking mechanism too and the orbs and such, but when it really gets down to it you may as well just find a way to more directly give him 10 spells and limit which ones he can cast. That way you can examine all of his spells without expending resources (IIRC you don't get to that point until either level 3 invoke or Aghanim's Scepter) and just flat pick what you want.
0	It is illegal but only if the baby is born with obvious signs of drug dependency( fetal alcohol syndrome, heroin baby) there has to be an indicator at birth/prior to birth which gives the drs an excuse to bring in the police and DCFS to press charges.they can force the Sow to submit to testing and can immediately take the baby away or in this prize winners case press charges on behalf of the state.   Source: worked with Doogie Howiser took babies away from innocent crack whores.
0	Fun fact- Victim blaming the victims of false rape accusations is just as bad as blaming victims of actual rape.   I hate rape as much as anybody, many of my friends are victims to it. I'm actually  that  guy that will call you out for making a rape joke, and put appropriate Trigger warnings at the top of his Facebook posts.   However, I once knew a girl (That I was very close to at the time) that claimed to have been raped. The guy she accused (Her Ex-Boyfriend) got driven out of town pretty quickly, he lost his job and his family and church excommunicated him. A few months later, she flat outright admits to me that it was made up to get back at him over some petty issue (Oh yeah, I had also lost my virginity to her not an hour before she said all of this as well. Nice pillow talk). I can't even imagine what would have happened had she gone to the police over it. That has put me on guard and actually scared me off of dating for a while.   Also, it's not like we assume we are risking more, it's that we are  risking.  "Oh, this girl might be crazy and attempt to do something to harm me" is just as a legitimate concern for men than the inverse is for women. There is always a risk, although the exact methods may be different.
1	well you're the one who started it...   And for the record, base stats doesnt mean anything if you take it in isolation, you need to compare. Both GP and Sona doesn't have any defensive steroids, but GP is innately tankier than Sona at level 1 due to high base health and armour etc, when they have no items, runes, masteries or auras.   You gave a shitty example of Nunu having highest base health at level 18, because late game, itemization tends to go well with the champions kit more than base stats. A Nunu with two bloodthirsters, a phantom dancer and a last whisper is squishy late game, but he's still slightly tankier than a heimerdinger with the same items, runes, masteries and aura effects because of natural stats.   back to the context, if you compare Vayne's base stats (359 health, 9.3 armour) to other AD carries like Graves (410 health, 15 armour) or Kog (440 health, 13 armour) or Draven (420 health, 16 armour), it's obvious that she's pretty fucking squishy compared to the other AD carries. In direct early level trades, it takes one or two less auto attacks to kill her compared to other AD carries.  BUT  what makes her playable in top lane without being dropped to 0 is that she can harrass and poke with range, has high mobility, a gap closer with low cd, stealth, hard cc and a really good disengage.
1	I feel that Lucian is what an adc  should  be. This is because he has decent wave clear, mobility, early, mid and late game. He also has a passive that suits his role very well.   Twitch is what an adc  could  be. He has a far more niche role an an AD pseudo-assassin. I think his skill set and character design are good and fit the role. It should not be replicated though.   Lucian's should be. Ezreal is a character with a similar skill-set to Lucian but worse scaling due to lower base attack speed and attack speed per level, purely because of his passive. He has a passive that increases his AS but then a base AS lower with low enough scaling to almost negate it. Makes no sense
1	I always find it funny that they keep spewing the statistics "toxic players lose xyz more games on average".   Well congratulations, but you want to know why that is? You don't curse and rage at your teammates when you are winning games.   One thing I have learned with statistics classes, is that you can use the data to say anything you want if you focus on only one piece of the puzzle.   So Riot trying to say that the secret to winning games is not being toxic is incorrect. I appreciate that they are trying to pull one over on naive people, and at least encouraging people to stop being toxic.
0	God, I wish I thought you were kidding.   != means "not equal to." The way someone treats someone is not equal to the way they want to be treated. I can treat you like an idiot, but that doesn't mean I want to be treated like an idiot.   So she treats others as she would like to be treated. Would she like to be treated like shit? Then why is she surprised? Does she want to be treated well? Well awesome! Wants to be treated well, and she treats people the way she wants to be treated, so she treats people well. So why is she scumbag stacy?
1	More than likely the other two remaining Darkin, seeing how strong the champions raised by the first three had gotten, banded together to create the a fighter to trump all other fighters.   They toiled and strategized, what would beat such unstoppable warriors?  What is their weakness?  They are all so strong, no one could ever win in a fair fight...   Then it became apparent.  The two remaining Darkin put forth their efforts to create a champion who would never, ever fight fair.   While the other champions have great power, if they could not reach their target, they could not strike it, therefore is must have  great range  and  great speed  such as to whittle them down before they could engage.   They realized that all good warriors have some way to get in close, but even up close, they must still hit to deal damage.  Therefore they must be rendered  blind  so that their attacks would not strike true.   Finally it is known that rage is the greatest weapon, and what greater way to inflict rage, than by dealing pain from an  invisible  source?   Thus not only must the new Darkin champion be able deal damage from invisible sources, but also must be able to turn  himself  invisible.   Their scheming complete, satisfied for now, the two final darkin retreated to watch as screams began to swell forth from the rift.   Their brothers may have shown the rift true strength, but they knew they had shown it....  pure terror .
1	jesus dude lol   making top 2 doesnt actually matter nearly as much as you seem to think it does. if CLG would have gone 24-0, they would be so much better than everyone else that they don't really care if they get a BYE or not, they will easily be able to beat a 3rd 4th 5th or 6th place team in the first round.   similarly, in their current position, them going to Korea is an attempt to elevate their skill level to the point where they can't just maybe qualify for worlds, but can actually  perform  at worlds too. do you think a team that has a chance at worlds would care if they got a BYE in the NA LCS playoffs? come on dude. CLG aspires to be a team that can make it through playoffs regardless, and while that aspiration may or may not be realistic, you can't be "okay" with just being at the top in NA. TSM isn't either.
1	basically all pro games will be around this length and the game is over by the dragon fight, thats not snowball thats just one team having more items farm and kills than the other and abusing their advantage, baron couldnt be contested and honestly it might look like a major snowball by riven but if you watch the game and the rotations then youll notice poohmandu (leona) reacts to the olaf mid gank straight away whereas annie doesnt, this means even though elise and riven got very lucky to get out that leona could save them. If ozone got those two kills it would be a very different game as gragas needed more gold so he wouldnt have to rush a mediocre item, if he got the kills/assists he couldve went into seekers giving him armor and allowing him to trade with riven, imo ozone underestimated the riven vs gragas lane and lost it hard putting the team on tilt and thinking they would lose because of it. Imps positioning in the dragon fight lost them the game he should have been behind his team rather than solo in the pit and riven wouldnt have been able to burst him instantly meaning they would get a fair fight off and have a chance.
0	Well most people who are Christians are more accepting of religious beliefs than Atheists (in my experience, anyway).  I think that Christians sort of have to be more accepting because they are approaching the question of whether or not there is a god with faith.  So to them if someone else has a viewpoint that is equally dependent on faith than there's nothing wrong with that.  Atheists generally feel that approach is wrong/stupid.   For the record, i'm a huge fan of r/atheism and I'm an atheist myself. I'm also a dick about it sometimes because we probably should be a dick about these types of things.  I can't stand the "well you believe what you want and I'll believe what I want" mentality because it causes us tolerate things we shouldn't based on them being associated with religion.
1	There are quite a few minor typos and errors, but the story itself is what you go to fanfic for. Quality editing is expected for profit. A good story is expected for readership.
0	Backstory:   The relationship was great at first. Then it went downhill. It started when a friends father passed away (female friend). She was very close to her father and it hit her like a ton of bricks. We were studying at the same university. We had been friends we were kids but she only had a few friends there. Since her family lived far away she turned to me for consolation. I did all I could to make her feel better. Sometime she'd call me in the middle of the night because she was crying and needed someone to talk to.   I spent a lot of time with my friend and this made my girlfriend jealous. She suspected that I was cheating on her. I was pissed at first when she mentioned it but I forgot it pretty quickly. She didn't stop though. She kept making comments which eventually made me lose it. We had arguments almost every day before we broke up the first time. I told her I'd had enough and suggested that we'd spend some time away from each other.   Time went on and we didn't meet for about 4 months*. Then she contacted me. She wanted to get back together. She told me she was sorry for being a bitch. I believed her. We met again and It felt like normal again. The after a few weeks I started noticing something was wrong. She was starting to become extremely clingy and paranoid. Sometimes she'd call and text me whenever we hadn't met for a few hours. I didn't confront her bout it until I caught her reading my texts. We started having arguments again and it felt just like before we broke up.   I told her I'd had enough and that I was leaving her. She told me she'd kill herself if I did it. Angry as I was I just ignored her because I didn't believe she'd do it. She killed herself after 3 weeks. I left out a lot of details but now you know basically what happened.
1	I don't think Dyrus has ever beaten Wickd in top lane. His only hope would be to get carried, and TheOddOne and Regi are not better enough than Snoopeh and Froggen, respectively, to carry him.
1	Make a 3rd party app that does that for you. Have every cry baby on reddit tell you that it reduces the skill level in LoL. You have to learn to remember to type those things... It's not fair that you can do that and they cant.   Proceed to get Riot to ban your third party app and in a month or two they implement it into the game. Even with the raging kids crying its unfair because thats what differentiates the Wood IV players from Wood V players.   (For slowspokes this is the
0	What does
0	Was at Wild Waves water park in WA as a kid (10), with my brother who is two years older. Went to the wave pool. Having fun. Brother see's a band-aid. Points it out to me. Moments later, a little boy (probably 7) bursts out from the waters depths yelling "ROAR!!" and without missing a beat, munches the band-aid, showing it to us between his teeth. Alarmed, and in mild shock, we get out of the pool. Later they close the wave pool because floating turd.
1	Remember that Anivia is probably one of the(if not the) best late game casters.   If she does good and has a lot of AP, she instagibs pretty much anyone every time her ult and Q are both off cooldown.   If she does bad, she still has an AOE stun, an AOE slow, and dat wall.   If she builds tanky, it sucks because you really can't do anything, because you're stuck with the conditions you put forth, but I think you  want to pop her egg as early as possible, then kill her as quickly as possible(though possibly not during the egg).   Anivia is balanced by mana, more or less, so if she's using all of the tools at her disposal, she has crazy mana problems.
0	So, I was surprised as well since I'd thought that glass was good at filtering out UV radiation, which it turns out is  broadly true for the shorter wavelength, more dangerous UVB, but UVA (near UV, long wave, seen in black lights and not absorbed by the ozone layer) has a tendency to get through fairly well. . So if you're really pale, stay away from the side windows of the car, which are made of non-laminated glass, but the windshield should be safe. Tinted glass also helps.   Overall, as on pages 12-13 of the linked study, with the windows shut, a dummy in the test car received only about 3-4% of the ambient dose of UVA (again, almost no UVB, which is the more strongly burning stuff). Directly measuring the filtering ability of the glass, the best, tinted, laminated glass cut exposure by about 200x, but through a clear non-laminated window someone super-photosensitive might burn in 30 minutes (2x or so).   [Another study: All glasses tested totally blocked UVB. Laminated totally blocked UVA, while smooth ordinary clear glass transmitted 74.3%.](
0	I hate those prisons. I truly hate them. I'm really sorry you had to go through what I went... I guess I'll share my story, and hopefuly I'll make some people realize that these camps are... more than evil. As a kid I really denied any form of authority. I often harrased teachers, and the idea of a great man in the sky ruling over me was not only ridicoulous to me, but also hazardous... I came out to my (extremist) parents at the age of 14. They cried, threatened me, did everything they could to turn me back into a robot... About 1 month after I came out, 3 men came into my house at night, and told me to stay quiet and walk with them. I tought it was a kidnapping, as most people who experience this... I walked into the van, and they explained themselelves. I was shocked and filled with hate, but I knew I shouldn't do anything, the van was small and I couldn't defend myself. My first day at that prison was horrible... everything I did was supervised, and also controlled. The only time I got some "privacy" was at night, 10 o'clock. After 1 week I just couldn't take the authority, and I was put in isolation. Two months. Two.  ** ing. Months. After the first month I began hearing voices in my head, and after another week, the voices formed into a big, strong voice... I only had one conversation with it.   Voice : "Escape." Me : "How?" Voice : "Strong. Then Kill."   After the last sentence I never heard it again. But it was enough. I knew my goal. At the time I had about 100 lbs... I was skinny, I didn't have force... I was helpless. Every time I got out of isolation, I said "  God.". All I did in isolation was exercise. I was so full of hate I didn't care about time... In there there was no natural light, just a little crack... I had no clock, so I would just look at the crack while exercising.. Everytime light started to get through the crack, meaning it was day, it was a great achievment. I felt.. great. Small things where all I had, so it was incredible... I exercised in there for 8 months... breaks of 20 minutes, exercises for 1 and a half. And repeat. Repeat. Repeat... After 8 months, I finnaly got out... everyone was so surprised I didn't shout "  God.". For about 4 days I was heavily looked at by all the guards... that was the day I began the brainwashing. They thought the isolation broke me down. It only made me stronger. Everytime I entered the brainwashing room I would see a broken window. The room was on the first floor, so I could get out without too much damage. But I was... nowhere. Nowhere meaning a forest. I could run, of course, but how long would the forest last? I didn't know. Forest was freedom. Freedom is good. So I got to get in the forest. One day, instead of the 5 athletic guys that went with me to the room, there were only 2 janitors. I was so surprised... yet calm. I knew that was my day. As I was approaching the window, I felt some adrenaline going up my spine... I quickly headlocked one guy while kicking the other with one foot, and managed to pull a neck break on the headlocked guy.. I got ready, then jumped off the window. I fell, rolled, and managed to don't get hurt bad... I was running, running, running... I could hear some sounds, but I was so thrilled I didn't pay attention.. after about 4km running I finnaly stopped. I could feel freedom. It was... beautiful. I heard a " ! Watch how you're driving, man!". My instinct moved me, and I approaced a yellow car... "Please.. just.. let me come." The guy looked at me surprised, then told me to get in. After about half an hour, when I recovered, he asked me my story, but I was still afraid. What if he would get me to the cops? What if he was one of them? I didn't know. I just said "No time to explain. Where are you going?". He said Florida. I arrived in Florida at the age of 15. I'm 19 now, and I never spoke with my parents again, and will never do it. I truly hate them. But the experience made me realize how important free will is. .. aaaaand I grew  ing awesome muscles. Thanks for reading so far ! I means a lot to me that I can share my story... it hurts even now, after 4 years.
1	This is just a satire to Riot Fining Scarra as the coach of CLG and connecting it with poaching him for the position from DIG. May be due to Scarra predicting Riot's positions 2~3 years ago and he got fined now.
1	While they are at it, revert brush and vision changes.   TRINKETS.... MUST.... BE.... REMOVED (DIE IN HELL)
0	I personally saw this. I was having coffee at a local police station (I'm an EMT) and the cops got a call come in that somewhere on the highway someone had called in that they were being followed and were being run off the road.   The cops didn't do anything - they said they couldn't really, because how on earth are they going to know where on 100km of highway to start. I kinda felt their lack of doing anything was kinda shitty, but I see their point.
1	It looks like you are talking about mid lane. Aim for 70 cs for now. You can probably get 70 just by getting wraiths every now and then. Think about running tele. You can back more often without punishment. You can roam etc. It allows for more pressure. Depending on your lane opponent you can choose if the cs is worth the harrass. Also, directly after said harras, that ability is on CD take your cs and harras back. That's the most important part. Don't let them get free DMG. They may hit for more but if you at least get n auto attack back that's 40 DMG that wasn't there. Now, think of an auto as a CD. At .5 attk SPD that's a 2 sec CD. At 1 that's a 1 sec CD right? When they cs the auto is CD and you can harras them. Cs'ing takes precedent over harassing(unless you at least quarter their HP) if you are above 75% mana, then use abilities to cs. If you have full definitely use abilities.  You sometimes see players like Tiensi(he's high diamond) use shunpo even to cs. Its b/c he has wards/flash. Obviously if the enemy laner has kill potential don't use your escape for cs. But if you feel confident do so. If you see the jg top, do so. Honestly, when I was playing Zed I used my W for harras. It was my escape but sometimes jg doesn't even look at he lane b/c they assume, oh they have an escape. Jg tip: you can gank anyone, even Fizz if they use their escape and you are within 5 seconds. I'm actually a super safe mid laner. I basically never use my escapes until a jungler ganks or they all-in me. May also be due to my mains are lux etc. Last hitting under turret: Rule of Thumb: Melee creeps take two shots and an auto Ranged take one and two autos   If you have a friend willing to help. Take the Caitlyn challenge.   Mid lane. Enemy plays Cait. 3 traps across the lane. If you die, if you step in a trap, you lose. Go for best cs!  Caits job is to harras you to death.
0	I agree and I think I'd tell my kids the same thing, but I just didn't want to come home with bloody knuckles just to get a bloody nose by my mom. I guess that's why I was friends with almost everyone!! I learned real early to choose my battles, especially being the youngest of 7 kids, I was able to witness the faults of my siblings and I learned from them at a very young age. I never got in a fight, was considered quiet/shy, had A's/B's, but what they didn't know was that I didn't want to get in trouble and have to deal with my mother. Fear is a powerful motivator, to an extent. I'm glad she raised us the way she did! I have let her know it several times, that I appreciated her discipline and encouragement to be independent. I've gone off on a tangent.
0	I hate women who think its ok to do this too. Hopefully she doesn't do some crazy shit like fuck up your car, light your yard on fire, or hold your dog hostage outside of your house so the neighbors all gather around and you have to dismiss that shit as a mental breakdown and pretend you both are still together to save yourself from more awkwardness as well as to get her to shut the hell up.
1	At least he gets viewers, I bet you can't even imagine how many people actually stream, or try to stream, but get 0 viewers, and how much they may try, they may NEVER get viewers at all, simply because it is VERY HARD to get popular, no matter be they good or bad, or even potentially one of the top 5 people everyone would LOVE to watch, if he doesn't get noticed because NOBODY ever game him a chance, it will never happen, and he will be sad.   Imagine Saint as Justin Bieber for a minute.. Bieber gets all this attention, and almost all of it is hate, but there are some that like him ( little girls ). Then imagine how many views on youtube Bieber gets, and then imagine how much he makes, not only off of youtube, but any time someone says his name someone who didn't know of him might learn of him and he makes even more because of it.
0	Just because society believes that there is a great white spaghetti monster in space that loves them it doesn't mean that there is a great white spaghetti monster in space that loves them.   Just because someone believes that guns should be made illegal because it would make the world safer does not actually mean that gun control makes people safer.   Just because a majority of people believe that being fat is terrible doesn't mean I should hate myself.
0	My girlfriend says in general I don't really have a lot of taste. And my diet consists mostly of meat (I'm planning on having a heart attack in the next 5 years based on the way I eat), so far as I know I'm not diabetic.   But she does say the tastes depends on how long it's been since we've done it.
1	Play renekton/ryze (easiest ones atm) and master them > Never ever ever die > BUILD PROPERLY EVERY MINUTE OF THE GAME > Win. The whole top lane can't carry is just a lie. Either they come to you or you are at inhib at 15min. And if they come and you're not sure to beat every single one just retreat, because rule #1 is to never die. If you never die as the top laner enemy team can't win. You are the front lane meaning you are everything.
0	Stand your ground pretty much depends on the great equalizer, a gun. That said, the state is pretty good at determining who is using that as a faulty excuse.   Look at Marissa Alexander. The media is decrying it as Florida discriminating against a mother who was defending herself from an abusive husband!  ( Hi sexism, lets automatically have sympathy for the female and believe that she is truthful about domestic violence. )   In reality, it turns out that as far as domestic violence goes, she's the violent one. She's got cases of abusing her husband on record, and while out on bail for this current case where she used the SYG law as defense, she met up with her husband, which the court had said she wasn't allowed to do as a condition of bail, and beat on him. He had a bloody swollen eye, she didn't have a damn mark on her, yet she claims again that he was abusing her.   She lied to the court about meeting and beating her husband while on bail. She also falsely accused him of domestic violence in 2000, but ended up telling the police that her initial report was a lie, long before this incident.   She's got a history of violence and lying. The court sees right through this crap, and stand your ground didn't allow her to get away with it.
1	anything you are really good with   simple as that   err, i should say whatever you have most fun with   solo q is test of patience and your ability to get better over time, and if you arent having fun cause you are just playing opchamp numbah 1, then you are gonna burn youreslf out and fall into the elo hell trap   personally, this season ive played support nunu, i played a lot of irelia and riven (granted my riven record is terrible lol) and ryze, ezreal, gragas, and hell even top lane kayle   does it matter who i play...mm ya to a point it does, some will naturally do better then others   does this matter if you are having fun, willing to play more/grind more, and are more open to look at personal mistakes and better yourself? not at all   i have a winning record with kayle...with bloody fucking kayle, a terribly team dependent champ especially in her current state and ive had to lane against strong ass top laners like akali cho and gangplank   and its because i always won my lane, i always outfarmed my opponent or even killed them simply because im way better with kayle then teh opponent is with their champ
1	Scenario: Your team is behind, enemy team is heavy with heals/life steal. Lets pick a few enemies:     Swain Mid   Aatrox Top   Fiddle Jungle   Soraka Support   Caitlyn ADC       So lets say you're falling behind as an AD Bruiser and the enemy team makes a critcal mistake around the throw pit (Baron), and you find yourself with an excess amount of gold (2k+). For the sake of argument lets say you're Vi with Ancient Golem, Ninja Tabi, and a doran's blade or two. You're now leading your team in gold and the game hinges on you. What would be the most effective use of the gold?   Would you want to build? I find myself in similar situations often. Some say HP/resistances are a good way to go, but the heals make me contemplate building an Executioners Calling for the sake of grievous wounds. Raw damage such as BotRK or Hydra can also help out. Thoughts?
0	Let me try to thread the needle on this one.   It's all your fault. And theirs too.   All anyone can know of you at first is what you put out. What you portray to the world. If you feel this kind of the self-pity and doubt it will portray itself, subconsciously or otherwise. Who will take the time to get know ( or  know , biblically speaking ) the person that already "knows" that they aren't what people want? Even assuming that everything else about you is awesome, it is too much of stretch to expect someone else to read your mind when what everyone is most concerned with is themselves.   So you need to get your head out of your ass, focus on your interests and just be you. Really. People will present themselves, pay attention. They won't say " Please ravish me big boy" (probably not at any rate). But if you do what interests you and are comfortable in your own skin, you will generally find others that are willing to get to know you. Finding the one, is a whole 'nother story. But having some romance in your life is in your grasp, whatever your circumstances.   As for them? Well, they date dicks because they want to. There is something that they are responding to: either money, or danger, or testosterone, or drama or something. And when they find it, or it finds them, they aren't discerning enough to look under the surface before its too late. I have never, NEVER known a woman (or a man) that repeatedly ended up in relationships with the wrong sort that wasn't culpable in some way.   That being said, your situation is still your fault. Fix it.   There are tons of women who generally have positive relationships. Noone bats a thousand in matters of the heart, but generally lots of people have mostly good relationships, at least until they end (to quote Cocktail, all relationships end badly or why would they end?). If you don't know any women like that, you need to make different friends.   Sorry to get all long-winded, but everyone time I see someone in your position on Reddit, I cringe to see either the "women are evil" posse or the "real men get laid and beta males should shut up" coven get on their rants and go to town.   Both sides have their nuggets of truth, and both have their distortions. The truth, IMHO, lies somewhere inbetween.
0	While the historic view of slavery is  unsavory, the flag actually was just the flag the confederates decided to use when they seceded from the union. The civil war was never fought strictly about slavery. It was a relatively minor factor in the war. The confederates simply chose to act under what is written in the declaration of independence, if a majority of people do not approve of a governments misconduct they have the right to abolish it and begin anew. Their interpretation of this was off and secession was never the answer to the disagreements, but this was the creation of a new nation called the confederacy. So, even though the flag was created by racists, it doesn't mean it is racist in image or symbology. Much like the swastika(sp?) was originally a symbol of peace and balance, yet many people still personify it as a racist symbol.
1	So you know how you're getting annoyed? Think about how annoying you were when you were playing with lag. Fucking over people's games.
0	He's trying to say he's using a variable ratio schedule instead of continuous reinforcement ([terms]( which is more effective for altering behavior. However, he doesn't seem to be rewarding any particular behavior, so no 'opperant condition' is occurring. He's just randomly reading poetry to her because he thinks she won't appreciate it if he's doing it regularly.
1	COROLLARY TO YOUR BOOT COMMENT:   CDR boots are debatably better on some mages, as many of them benefit more from CDR effects. by and large these are less the carries and more the supports, although there are exceptions (hint hint ryze)   For kennen, you probably want sorc boots though, as you're much more capped by your energy regen than your cooldowns per se.   However, all of this discussion is moot when we consider that  every  build should include tenacity, or at least make note of "boot options: mercs/other boot."
0	One thing that a lot of people forget is that autism is, as it exists today, just a group of symptoms. With no defined cause, what we call autism could be several different diseases or genetic abnormalities that all present in a similar way.  As a result, there probably isn't just a one size fits all solution.   I know that it isn't the solution for everyone (and it has been tried by several hundreds of desperate parents), but an allergen-free diet has worked wonders for my brother. He was diagnosed at age two with the worst case of autism that his tenured specialist had ever seen. After  bloodwork identified his allergies to the usual wheat and milk, his diet was adjusted and we saw some behavior improvement. Still serving for answers, my mother ordered more extensive allergy tests and found that he was also allergic to soy, rice, cow, chicken, pork, tomato, corn, and a whole list of other things that you don't even realize that you eat every day. We switched his diet to exclude all of his allergens- which,  by the way, is harder, more time consuming, and more stressful than just living with autism.  But, the results were there. He was social, happy, forming full sentences, having real conversations, showed dexterity and hand eye coordination, and most importantly, didn't spend the entire day rolled up in the fetal position with his comfort blanket under the coffee table. By sixth grade, my kid brother who had the worst case of autism the docs had seen, changed to a new school campaigned and was voted class president.  He is in band, plays three instruments, is in student council and science Olympiad, and has real friends. Yeah, he's a little quirky, but so is every other nerd I know. Most people don't understand why he can't just go to a restaurant and order food like everyone else.  He's tried going off the diet before- and within a couple of hours of eating half a bag of Fritos, he zones out and gets angry. Anyway- just wanted to share...
1	I hate to say it, but this guy's kinda right - "NA" just isn't as chantable as "USA." 3 syllables, the first two can be chanted low and the third one is high and strong. It's why TSM also has its own chant. It's why you don't hear "C9" chants, and you hear "USA" instead. It's not a strong enough set of syllables to be as good of a chant. I do really wish there were something better to chant besides "USA" though. Gambit has a good 2 syllable name, hahaha... That can be chanted.
1	For what it's worth if I were forced to guess I'd say you were making that up (statistically you, as a random person on the internet I know nothing else about, are most likely to be at the middle of the pack for any given game).  But frankly it doesn't matter whether or not you're being truthful.  Nothing you just said makes my statement concerning probability any less true.  You could be the best player in the world at every video game ever made and your success rate in those games would still be determined by probability.
1	Why doesn't everyone just learn to comfortably play every roll and preferably enjoy all of them. It would make League so much more fun.   And also one crucial thing is common preference (mid/top > adc > sup/jung) is the opposite of what the pick order should be, jungle should pick first as junglers rarely 1v1 (except counter jungling I guess) so its hard to counter the enemy jungler, adc / sup do have counters but its never very hard, even if everyone says graves beats ezreal (prob not true but just example) a good ezreal could still destroy an average graves, in particular if paired with a good support!, so counter-picking is much less important bot lane. Now we get to mid / top, both should heavily counter-pick AS WELL AS work toward team comp (wombo combo team / poke team / mobility team / synergy etc.) because both mid and top are very snowbally lanes, in particular if you have an ap assassin / ad assassin mid or top as they snowball intensely (like akali / kha / leblanc etc.) so they should work on making sure they win their lane. Also due to the nature of mages / melee champs top and mid often have very hard counters, like for example morde gets destroyed by cass because he cant avoid her q's very well and can't get in range to harrass her back, however morde destroys evelynn because when she goes in to q / e harass she has to be up in morde's face, no-one wants to be in morde's face if they like survival! And for top lane teemo gets eaten by kha'zix simply because teemo is very squishy and kha'zix is a squishy slayer with a great gap closer, however teemo can make most tops that don't have gap closers cry simply by poking and then speed steroiding away with his W when they try to trade back, not to mention the blind destroys most top's damage output (of course casters / ap tops like rumble dont suffer much from the blind).
1	IMO, all this proves is that there is one more player in the other team that you don't know. You don't need statistics for that. For me, this has nothing to do with the so called ELO hell.   What I think people need to realize, is that different roles can have a different impact to the game. An insanely great support player will mostly not be able to turn the tides as much as a great AP/AD Carry player can (which is why it's called a carry - he carries the team in the late game, in a way.) Of course, if an AD carry (for the sake of that example) has a useless Support, he won't be able to farm well and get big. But again: I think the impact this has is a different one. On the other hand of course, if top lane feeds the other top laner and the jungler like hell, even the best carry mostly won't be able to turn this around. That's probably one defininition of the ELO-hell: you are good, but not great, and not able to turn such a game around single-handedly. This ofc does get normalized by the fact that this isn't always the case (you just remember them the most), there's a lot of games, and that that would be an extreme scenario, but as one of the top posts already states: lower ELO players are much more variable in their effective skill levels.   I do not know if there's a hidden MMR (which is much more variable) like in SC2 - but even that will never be able to always reflect the exact skill of the player, but it helps. This is part of the reason why any ELO system is flawed - but for the lack of a better system, ELOs are probably the most "viable".   Another thing: let's say someone in his 1500s duo queues with a friend who's around 1000. The system will try to compensate - of course it will, it has to. Now to my understanding, it does not (only!) search for players, where one is around 1000 and the other one is around 1500: players around the 1250s might also be viable. This is of course flawed, because there's likely a huge gap in skill between the two, and it will not be possible to find two players that are exactly "in the middle" of the two. That would be as if you would stick one hand in ice-cold water, the other one in boiling water, and say that on average, the temperature is just fine.   One last thing: I think the solo queuing system needs to include the current meta; you should be able to place your PREFERED roles in that game (something like "AP solo mid/ad duo bot/..." (exact thing in the current meta), "jungle/carry" (usual role) or just "bot lane", whatever works best) and rank them all, 1 through 5 (or so). You can't be sure you get what you wanted, but players who hate to jungle won't have to. This is likely irrelevant for the actual ELO, especially at higher ELOs (most players can play more roles and some of them are even able to communicate their wishes), but it would make it more fun if you're not forced to go whatever's left if theres three wannabe ap mid players, and the other not-mids still dick around in the now duo mid lane, then dick around somewhere else, and effectively cost you the game.
1	I think it should be addressed that  there is no such thing as videogame addiction . It is called  videogame compulsion . Before I turn this thread into a shit-storm, let me explain. An addiction  is a state that is characterized by compulsive drug use or compulsive engagement in rewarding behavior, despite adverse consequences . In other words, addiction is an alteration to the body, that makes someone dependent on (for example) a drug. You simply cannot be addicted to a videogame, to TV, to music or anything that doesn't involve alterations to your body. You don't become dependent on them. Rather, you are  compelled  by such things. You feel the urge do these things because they're enjoyable, and usually they're means of escapism.   Anyway, what I'm getting at is that, your sister is not addicted. What I can assume is that she is frustrated. What I assume is that she somehow cannot find her place in society. I mean, think about it. We live in a society of  7 billion  people. Let's put that into numbers:   7.000.000.000   That is a lot. I believe that the human brain was not supposed to comprehend a society of such magnitude. We're all small cogs in a part of a machine that we barely know how it works and what it's purpose is. At that point, we really see no point on why do we live here, or why we are working, etc. We end up with a huge gap in our minds that we don't know what to do with.   And that gap gets bigger when you can't even talk to the cashier at the local supermarket. Moving in such a drastic way, in such an important time of her life, of finding yourself; it gets hard. You can't have friends, because you can't have a normal- well, not even, a BASIC conversation. You can't get good grades because you don't speak the language. To top it all off, she's at an age where she finds her identity and her real vocation. How are you going to set goals, how are you going to dream, when you don't even know where to start? In the end, you just end up lost with a huge, empty void.   Videogames are really, really good at filling that void. In a game, we usually have full control of the outcome. We have a defined role, and we have "people" to lead. We feel a sense of pleasure, the sense of having a place in the world, where you can see the direct result of your actions. It's a sense of success.   What I'm getting at, is that you have to make her feel important. Rather than separating her from something she clearly loves doing, take advantage of it. Play a few games with her, or just sit beside her when she's playing. Show her to communicate with her teammates. Give her a few tips, recommend items and such. Compliment her and make her smile. Make her see that she can be something if she puts time into it. While you're at it, make sure you show her that toxicity brings no one nowhere. Scolding her, giving her a lecture is not going to work. She's a teenager and she'll most likely just filter through all of that noise back. She's only gonna retain all of that juicy information that matters to her.   She needs to have some kind of direction, or perspective to the world. And right now, you have the power to lead her down the proper path. It might take a day, a month, a year; but if you keep guiding her (not pushing her!), both of you will get where she needs to be.   The moment she realizes she can be something, she won't be satisfied with just being good at a game. She will start striving for so much more.
1	The problem isn't about spamming emotes, it's about spamming emotes when you're politely asked to stop by everyone else the entire fucking game.   If your opponents don't mind the spam, then you can go ahead, but if you decide to continue when they clearly showed they were annoyed, you're an asshole, and deserve to be banned. The same goes for picks, picking Mundo support in ranked won't get you banned, however, picking Mundo support in ranked while your whole team is politely asking you to get something that fits their teamcomp better is a bannable offense.
1	Sorry, but League is an easy game, at least as for a game which originated from the RTS genre.   Everyone can play league, its easy, and it appeals to the masses. The illusion of a high-learning curve is hidden behind a grind-wall.   If you could actually play every champion without paying, and having the same starting point as everyone on your team, and the other team the game would be a lot faster to learn and master.   There is basically no room for innovation in League, every soloque game exists of a fixed meta, and even fixed FotM champions. And everytime something is played in a way which wasn't intended by Riot, it gets immediately nerfed/reworked.
1	Lol, well firdst i must say what made me go up from silver 2 to gold is realising i was always losing lategame or throwing early leads, i realised i wasnt playing lategame champs.   When i realised this, i started to play nasus, who has a crazy lategame. This way when i was in the lead i would almost never throw, and when i was behind i kept on farming and pulled it off alot of times.   I also find a crazy tanky champ with still nice dps is uber strong in silver. U can just dive in the backline and let your teamates fight in a 4 vs 2 while you are 1 vs 3 in their backline.   Also huge CC like nasus wither are what i call teamfight changing moments.   If you wither a zed opr vayne that is out of position, youre almost guaranteed a kill on them with your team.   So
0	Engine braking is only good if you have issues controlling your braking, and often lock up your wheels. The  one  advantage it has is that it will never lead to locking them up. One downside is that it doesn't turn on your brakelights for anyone traveling behind you.   This really doesn't matter nowadays, as ABS has gotten really good. The shortest stopping will always be someone who can ride the brakes just shy of locking up, but since that's incredibly difficult, ABS is the next best thing.
1	EG as in Epik Gamer, not Evil Geniuses. They were an NA team back in season 1 that managed to place quite highly in a few (by standards back then) high-profile tournaments. They were unique in that they basically didn't take the game really seriously; they barely practiced, if at all, and didn't really have set roles, making their games highly entertaining. Dyrus could play jungle (leading to  this , top and AD, Westrice could play AD or top, and Dan to this day is the only player to ever use Heimer professionally. I believe the full roster was Dyrus, Dan Dinh, Salce, Westrice and Nhat Nguyen.   In season 1, they garnered a pretty big fanbase due to their carefree attitudes and individual charisma. However, at the start of season 2, there were internal issues after Dan, Dyrus and Westrice left, leading to the remaining members joining the newly formed TSM.Evo. TSM.Evo proved short-lived, and the rest is history.
0	My parents were tough on me. I can say I don't like to party. I hate it. Sweaty people getting drunk and women whoring themselves out or trying to seduce everyone in the room? No I'm good, I swear. I never really liked prom or formals or what have you. I prefered to just hang out with some friends, get some dinner, go walk around the park and talk about life, make the occasional Hitchhiker's reference, and just relax. Now, my girlfriend is more of a... let's say... free spirit. She likes to go to parties and dance and sing and do karaoke and cosplay. I'll support her 100% but I don't see what she likes about it.
0	Backstory:  My mom is like a walking fountain of youth. She looks exactly the same right now as she did 20 years ago. One secret to her youth is applying inhumane amounts of creams and lotion to her face every night to deal with wrinkles. Another secret is defeating pimples before they become a problem. Although it is not "scientifically supported," toothpaste  does  contain a few ingredients known to dry out pimples. I made fun of her for many years until I gave it a try myself and have to say I do like the results.
0	Well then I reply with the same thing as well. GG is not a meme that means someone is an angel who never did wrong. It's a meme for someone who did one good act. In this case, this one good act is likely to drastically reduce the frequency of the same previous mistake ever occurring again, as well as improving police interactions drastically as a result of the increased oversight and accountability.
1	exactly, I'm not saying they should look down on gamers, but they should look down on someone spending 10 hours a day gaming, unless they do it professionally.   Let's face it, men will bang almost anything so its the women that need to have some standards to perpetuate the human race.  People criticize women for being "gold-diggers" but that is bullshit.  There is nothing wrong with being "gold-digger", it is natural.  Female birds mate with the males with the nicest/biggest nest (home).  How do you get that as a human?
0	An easy way to get out of it is you say you have traveled abroad in the last few months. Specifically, any third world country.   Personally I like to donate blood. But thanks to their stupid list, which was last updated in the early 1940's, I cannot. I was born and raised in India, never was exposed to malaria or TB (My mom had me tested ;). But seriously, I was tested negative for all the risks they have on their list. Yet, I am ineligible for giving blood.   So, now I am gaming the system. I go in for the free snacks. Because there is usually a few people in line, I can't go back the same way I entered the bus. So, I walk all the way, to the other end of the bus, pick up my snacks and walk out. One time they gave out free pizza coupons. Free lunch for me.
0	Does anyone know what the illegal immigration policies are in Mexico?   [ Sigh ](   There are (at least) two glaring problems with your post.   1.You seem to suggest Mexican immigrants here had something to do with creating Mexico's laws. If they had the power to create such policies, they would be running Mexico (and getting rich by doing so), not living in the US illegally.   2.By pointing out Mexico's laws, you single out the Mexicans. Which is no surprise to any intelligent, reasonable person who knows even a little about this issue. Nobody gets up in arms about any other unpunished misdemeanors. It's entirely about the Hispanics and has little to nothing to do with legality. If it did, we would see these pro-Arpaio, pro-SB1070 rubes marching for harsher punishment of speeders, underage drinkers and petty thieves. Or how about the [punishment of sex criminals](   Arizona's law is [for profit]( and written by some [bigot working for a bigot group that tries to pass off as legitimate]( These are facts.   Your "point" is entirely irrelevant. Defending shitty US policies by pointing at dogshit Mexico's shitty policies is like justifying date rape by pointing out your victim's father is a rapist. Until you stop making such moronic comments, do not expect to be taken seriously.
0	Initially I was concerned about attempting to maintain whatever standards are left on Reddit, but then I decided it would be more fun to play the game.
1	THis is mostly because the new teams are basically just solo queue all-stars with little synergy (yet) who are only casusal acquaintances, versus teams where the players have known each other and played with each other for years, and have been practicing simply on teamwork the whole time, rather than just solo queue skills. So the new teams have a real easy time winning the lane phase and early game, because their individual skill is either higher, or unexpected (as in their style is a bad match for the veteran team's player). But as soon as team play becomes vital over individual skill (mid/late game, team fights and team based decisions such as baron or closing the game) these veteran teams are now the ones who have the upper hand, however they are still down in gold, sometimes vastly because they were hammered in lane. So it takes awhile for them to close the gap enough for them to out play the other side as a single unit, rather than beating them as 5 separate players. A really good example is Curse. I'm not the biggest Curse fan but they were very dominant early. This was because they were able to gain advantage early game against the new teams every single time, and since they are the veteran team with practiced synergy, they could easily close out their games, leading to stomp after stomp versus the newer teams, which lead to confidence and momentum that carried them to victory over the veteran teams. However CLG didn't always win early game against the new solo queeu allstars (they shine with s2 tactics and during mid game, when split pushing becomes a fearful tactic), but they had enough synergy to come back from it, so while they won frequently against the newer teams, it was never a "stomp, or an easy win, sometimes they even lost because they were to far behind and the solo queue allstars could end it like a solo queue game. Even now, at the end of the LCS split, this is still evident because these new teams have, at best, played for 4 months with each other vs the years the veterans have, although you can see more and more, these newer teams being able to clsoe games they get an early advantage in, it just hasn't become the norm yet.
0	Election campaigns work on the same principle as advertising campaigns... name recognition. When it comes down to time to buy/vote, the vast majority of people are going to pick whichever name they're most familiar with. This is why incumbents are much more difficult to beat... their name is already out there and people are familiar with them, so they vote for them.
0	That is to much of a generalization. You make it sound like it is all about knowing your place. In reality it is all about networking. Are we nicer to people we think can help us? Sure, but that is just good business. I still have friends that are not "beneficial" to me from an economic standpoint. In the end regardless of anybody's opinion on fraternities and Greek life as a whole, it is hard to argue with results. Tons of upper level jobs are filled with Greeks. Mostly do to this networking that is preached to us. If a fraternity guy was mean chalk it up to either them personally being a jerk or not liking you. Also you might have said something anti-Greek. I would need more facts.
1	In response to this, I feel both are right.  It just depends on the time of the game.  Early game, the small victories are what put you ahead in lane and enable you to carry MORE than your opponent lane.  However, once the laning phase is done and you start to group and take objectives, the big plays are what really start to snowball the game.  20 cs wont matter late game if you are ahead 2 dragons 3 towers and 5 kills, but it will matter if you are behind.  LoL is very situational.
1	It's actually not as broken as you might think, you just have to think of the consequenses before doing something, especially regarding inhibitors. Inhibitors actually help your enemy turtle, they get their lanes pushed all the time so they can just turtle at their fountain, and if you can't kill the nexus turret it ain't gonna be worth killing the inhibs right away. Instead let them live, take objectives and get buffs before you go in for the last push. Sure it's very hard to do so when they have triple Revive, but as long as you get the nexus turret you will have chances of winning the game.   The inhibitors mean very little for your team and really only helps you clear the jungle creeps and put a bit of pressure (that is actually good for a team that is underlvled) And when they lose an inhibitor they will feel relieved and happy because they can focus their attention on a single turret instead of 2 inhibitors, making it much easier to defend. Especially since it's so close to the fountain turret.   It's a different story when your inhibs are already down and you don't have the best turtle comp, then you can feel free to kill the inhibitor if you can and need the pressure-relief., but don't risk too much on it since it's probably just better to get the turret and leave.   You should probably give it another try, knowing this alone makes your chances of winning higher.   Source of information:  500 games on TT and over 1850 Elo.
0	I've never understood it.   When I was 14, I was accused of molesting my niece. Ended up having to go through a big investigation by CYF(Child, Youth and Family), Interviews, one on one talks etc. In the end they concluded that nothing had happened and she was told that falsifying that sort of information can lead to court appearances.   After that we lost contact with that part of the family. She refused to let any of the 4 children see their grandparents and tried her best to keep my brother away from the family. Only now, 10 years later have we had contact with my brother. He left her because she cheated on him and now he doesn't even have any contact with his own children.   I love my nieces and nephews like my own children. Considering I'll probably never have kids of my own, they're the closest I'll get.
0	Hmm, I don't see these nasty comments burried in here, but I'm seeing some genuine comments rolled into here, like this one which kind of speaks a little to the male condition:   >I'm a stripper. More often than I'd care to think about, guys think it's a great idea to simply whip it out during private lap dances, and it often takes quite a bit of reasoning, bargaining, and even begging to get them to cover up without my having to involve security. As you can imagine, I've seen many penises, and I'm often given ample time to study their appearances. The two biggest lessons I've learned from this phenomenon are the following: a) beautiful (and ugly) cocks come (no pun intended) in many shapes, lengths, widths, and colors, and b) so do douchebags. But I digress. Here's the story of the smallest dick I've ever seen:   >A young man asked me for a dance. He paid in advance, and I had him sit in a small, private booth. Soon after I began dancing with my back to him, I turned around to find that he had "whipped it out" and had started masturbating. Despite this having happened many times, the sight of his penis caused me to do a bit of a (regrettable) double-take. Fully erect, it was similar in both length and girth to the upper 2 sections of my pinky finger, i.e. from the 2nd knuckle to the tip. It had average length/width and shaft/head proportions. It was uniform in color, slightly vascular, and all-in-all a good-looking cock despite the startlingly small size. I could see from his terrified facial expression that he regretted his decision to pull it out. His face turned bright red, and had shame and embarrassment written all over it. I didn't have the heart to tell him to put it away. For the 1st and only time in my career as a stripper, I let a customer keep his cock unleashed and even jerk himself off while I danced for him. I instructed him to use a condom (which he had with him, in his pocket) to catch his cum and prevent a mess, but the condom was so large in comparison to his dick that he couldn't even unroll it. Realizing that he was reverting to his earlier embarrassment, and that the condom wouldn't have caught his cum anyway, I grabbed a roll of paper towels for him, and simply made sure i stayed far enough away from him that he couldn't have come on me. After he finished, he thanked me so profusely that he actually started crying. Later, after he had had a chance to wash his hands and clean himself up a bit, he approached me in the bar. I was feeling a little funny about having allowed a man to jerk off in front of me, but what happened next changed that. He gave me a huge hug, and thanked me again. He complimented not my appearance or sex appeal, but my "heart." He reached in his pocket, gave me an absurdly large cash tip, and insisted that I keep it, saying "What you've done for me is worth far more than this."   >This experience made me realize that the intense societal pressure to look good is not limited to women. Clearly, this man had withstood a tremendous amount of emotional damage related to his small dick. I'll never know if his pain was the result of locker-room taunts, a cruel ex-girlfriend, tasteless jokes in popular media such as movies, or any of countless other sources. What I do know is that his pain was real, that the size of his penis was by no means either his fault or something he could control, and that this type of societal pressure as it relates to men is often overlooked.   >
1	I think riot should make a Urgot rework based around the drawing. Instead of having Urgot as an ranged ad bruiser they could make him just a melee bruiser. Also making him a support wouldn't be a bad idea either. Generally I think Urgot isent played because of his looks, his lore is bad ass, his kit, I think, is bad ass and same goes for his voice. Only problem is how he looks. Change the lore, change a few ability, his play would go up a shit ton.
1	This is a great way to think about it.   LoL offers so many hours of enjoyment for free.  There are not many free games as good as it.  If I'm playing LoL instead of going out and spending money on entertainment(as I might normally) then I'm effectively saving money.   I'm getting great entertainment and saving money.  I think I can spare a fraction of that to tip Riot for a job well done and get some new champs while I'm at it (I probably won't buy skins until I've got all the champs I like).
1	The article was garbage because every adult..."   The word "adult". It does not correspond to 80% of our community here, while it is also an exaggeration to claim every adult here knows what such a contract has in a novel industry like Esports. The issues pointed out in the article have been debated on this subreddit for years now and there were many many misconceptions about it, even from players and owners in recent months. The amount of fines issued this year is a good indicator people who have a contract with the LCS and Riot do not understand it,  yet you claim "everybody knows it and that is why it is stupid".   When did they write something that promoted Esports? That weekly show with 30k viewers with pro players,owners and analysts as guest is a good start. Statistical analysis of every team at worlds is also one. Truthful reports about rosters swaps?   I think the problem with you and people that think the way you do is that you can not handle opinions from people with more authority and legitimacy than you. This is why most companies like Riot remain absolutely objective and have casters that do not voice anything negative about certain aspects of the game and the community. This is also the reason why Nick Allen exists. To give people a vent, someone to blame for Riot decisions that may be questionable, though in hindsight logical.   And maybe just maybe if "I dont read or view their garbage" you are not competent to talk about their work. I can see you completell disregarded everything good they did for the community, which truth be told is probably greater than what this whole subreddit has done combined in the last few years.
0	Lol I know how you feel. I had double jaw surgery and it'll be 6 weeks this Thursday. I was banded completely shut for 4 weeks. Advanced to no-chew soft food diet last week and it's glorious. Everything looks and smells delicious when you can't eat it. I'm sure you know but jus make sure to pump the protein shakes and ensure in no matter how old it gets to drink. Good luck with whatever you have going on. Doublejawsurgery.com is a great blog with recipes and helps to know there are others who went through the same ordeal. It was tough the first 4 weeks but it was definitely worth it.
1	I also use the Nostromo. I have been swearing by it in any game. Gaming without one feels worse than getting your nuts hit with a sledghammer. WASD keys just feel so antique and awkward in most games now, and I could never get used to them anyway. The D-pad won't be as useful in a MOBA(I rebinded mine to stuff like Shop), but if he plays other games like FPSs or MMOs, it's enough of a Godsend to convert any atheist. I've also reversed the order of QWER to REWQ on it, which feels more natural to me with my index finger pressing Q and little finger pressing ult, without having to change in-game bindings. I have keys programmed to insta-type things like "Top mia". Some use the D-pad for camera control which I'll have to try. I also have very few special characters profile that reorder some chars' skills, like putting Akali's dash ult on the E finger, as I have mained Renekton for a long time and it felt more natural to me to dash with the same key.   In WoW, I used to have a one-button key that'd do full rotation for DPS or tanking that even worked with a priority system thanks to some creative thinking. Pressing the key once would press 9 keys several times each in different patterns. Programmable keys are awesome on any keybord or mouse. But what totally sells me to the Nostromo (and by extension the Logitech G13) is the directional pad. Using your thumb to move like a a console controller instead of 2-3 awkward fingers makes for some very quick and precise mashing.
1	Man, they are so many things I wanna say, but i cant put it together. Here are some bits and pieces:     Every single one of us is essentially self centered. We have to be, cause we are in the center of everything we experience. If you loose a game, you are the only one with that experience. You loosing. Not even your teammates have the same. In their experience they are loosing. (get what i mean?) So when we watch you loose a game, we experience you loosing from our point of view. So different! And although its a great place for compassion, its much easier (more easy?) to bash you. Because a I can feel superior, even if im not.     I perfectly understand your craving for fame. For recognition. For some god damn happiness. But you gotta know, its only a quickfix. Happiness depending on outside sources, no matter what. If your happiness depends on friends, work, winning or whatever, you will probably be unhappy. Maybe only sometimes, maybe all the time. Real happiness comes from within. It comes from being content with what you got and what you are, whatever that is right now!     Regarding compassion. Love for yourself and love for others  are bound together. You lashed out to reddit because you wanted to lash out to yourself ( I really mean no offence with that, everybody does it, be it). Now, with that blog, i think you feel better. I really hope so. You showed some love, some compassion, you shared emotions and apologiced. And that made many of us feel good, im sure. Not in a "yeah party" way, but more like: yes, i know that. yes, i can relate. I feel like you lifted yourself up with that blog and you kind of lifted me up as well. Thanks by the way :)     last but not least, here are some stuff i want everybody to see, read and hear. It helped me  a lot and im sure it could help others a lot.     not really related, but still so good:  (David Foster Wallace talking about being selfcentered)     all the spiritual yada-yada aside, awesome good book to lift yourself up:     and just everything from Paulo Coelho, maybe start with the alchemist.
1	Very thoughtfull of you indeed, however i think it will be a non 'clickable' link and people would have to copy paste it into their browser. Some might do that but a majority will just click punish anyway, since that is the way things are dealt with in the tribunal.
1	As a person that likes to main Sion I feel he's actually very well put together. (besides the passive, but i'll get to that) No matter which path you use all his abilities work very well together.   If you go Ap sion his E is still very useful as he farms massive amounts and soon gets a huge health buff. His ulti as ap is also very useful because you can beat down champs that try to burst you or that try to wither you down.   On the other hand if you go Ad Sion your shield can be used to stop large burst and to scare your opponent for safe last hits. Then his stun is great for an easy engage or to get that last hit on a dying opponent in a chase. And both of his paths have weak spots while still making up for it during a part of the game where they excel at. Ad for his great late game and Ap for his great early game countering abilities.   The only part about him that feels out of place would be his passive. However if you do the math it can be a difference between life or death early game. 40% chance to nullify 30 is really a large amount. If you take ten hits in a lvl one fight that's about 120 damage you blocked. The only thing that makes us feel it isn't any good is that we never see it take place or it feels like it never happens.
1	Division/tier is to track your journey as you climb through the ranking and each division/tier is your achievement.   Now the people you get matched up with is based on your MMR which is also known as Match Making Rating / Hidden Elo.   The MMR calculation each game is hidden by the Riot's system but it depends on how well you do each game and if you won or not.   The LP gain is dependent on how the system thinks you are doing and is trying to sort you into the division that you belong in.   So let's say you are gaining more LP than the LP you lose each game (30LP win and 10 LP Loss), so the system thinks you belong higher and is trying to help you get to the higher tier/division.   But if you lose more LP than you gain each game (30 LP loss and 10 LP win), the system thinks you belong lower and is trying to get you to the lower tier/division.   So when you play, make sure to just do your best and not worry about what division/tier you are in and what the enemy division/tier they are at. Because you are matched with your skill-level.
1	He talked a lot about the compendium, but the biggest criticism was never even adressed.  The compendium, if it had been done by any other company (let's say EA) would have been heavy criticized, but since it's Valve and we love valve it's a great idea.  As we all know, the prize pool for the international is just marketing. Their prizepool is basically the whole marketing budget for the whole year, and this year they just thought "why don't we make our players pay for the budgetting of our game?" Now, that's messed up, and it's even worse when you realize that they made us pay for the marketing at a 4:1 ratio.  Now, they were also very smart in that they also added a lot of new features for the game. Why is this bad? Because they were feature that were already coming, just added to the game as a way to make you think "holy hell I gotta buy this". This also gives them a way to live beta those features.
0	Except that it's alleged and Sweden hasn't actually pressed charges.  He's wanted for questioning, and the Swedish government won't assure him they won't extradite him to the US immediately, so he's not leaving the embassy in Britain.
1	I believe its support. And i will explain why. I didn'n thought support would make that difference too, but low elo supports don't exactly support. Most of them just give you heal, they don't know how to ward, where to ward, when to ward or use cv. I've been playing sona a little, and i have 80% win ratio with her. My elo raised 200 points or more just playing with her. If you are a good support you will be a huge advantage for your team, in team fights or whenever they need. Now, why is support the most influential position? Because you will find a lot or nice players that can go solotop, jungle, mid and bot. But you will almost never find a good support. So, if you can fit that space in your team, the nice players can do what they want.
1	But when you know the enemy will get upset by saying gg in particular situations, why would you then still say 'gg'?
1	le   [At least it isn't a rage comic.](   So, your best option for burst with Akali is to wait for her Q to come off cooldown before using her R. I understand how annoying it is to hit someone with Q and not proc it off of the next auto attack, but I feel like increasing the missile speed would only support poor play through Q/R spam.   While they fill similar roles, you're comparing a champion with infinite resources and passive spell vamp to a champion with extremely limited resources and poor synergy with spell vamp because of it. They have two very different play-styles which would be affected differently by increased missile speed.   I'd like to see it tested, if it hasn't been done already, but I don't expect it to go beyond the testing phase.
1	You know that 90% of people playing lol is beyond platinum right?   And the biggest problem with most of those players is   gaming knowledge and understanding of how game is going to pbe played at certain point  ?   So I'm sure that this timers will help them overall.   And I'm all for it because:     I prefer people to be more mechanical skilled, rather than well theoritized.   People will be playing around objectives not kills. And it will help a lot of players to study this game and climb higher.   I want to see how people in lower elo will play if they knoe that there is dragon in 40s.   This will add more game action because most of you will think "Its dragon time. What should we do now?" and you will made a desigion.     I have a plenty bronze to gold players in my friendlist and I watch theyr games and give them advises after the match. So I hope those timers will help them a lot.
1	You'd think it would be different in plat/diamond, but nope.   In plat, whenever I played Tryndamere and tried to split push, my team would whine about me in all chat. Even when someone on the enemy team replied that I'm pretty much carrying them, they still kept blaming me.   I recently played a diamond game as Jax top. I was against an Irelia. I managed to get the upper hand and snowball really hard, so she couldn't even CS. Irelia started roaming. Despite me pinging and writing to my team several times, they kept fighting the enemy team randomly (on the enemy team's turret, I should say), and then Irelia, along with the rest of her team, got fed and we lost.   Naturally, I got blamed reported by my whole team for not following her and not grouping.
1	i concur i find that if we are snowballing I don't need to disable turret to dive, but on the counter I think getting it before teamfights makes it too strong and more so if its easy for supports then it wouldn't be comp specific and stop turrets from being save havens that they were made into from the buffs they recieved
0	English was Celtic based until it was conquered by the anglosaxons. A preserved example of Celtic based languages are Scottish and Irish Gaelic.  Most of the military power was concentrated on the southern part of the island in  Wales and Britain  because, just as today, there was more population there. This is why Gaelic was able to survive while English became its own language.   In 1066, the French invaded.  They made French the de facto language, causing a huge influx of vocabulary.
1	So to all who say that this is a post is just a fake thread etc. We have a lot of time for this homework and our teacher knows that a lot of us go to Dreamhack, Gamescom etc. He asked us if we know some Pro Players and a friend told him that he knows some Counter Strike pros. Our teacher told him if there is a possible way that he interviews them and ask questions about their life and so on. He said yes and another guy said that he could ask someone from Razer about the sponsoring thing etc. And the teacher said that he would be amazed if everybody is able to do such an interview and we all replied yes ( Girls said no :( ).
1	After months of lurking, I registered just to up your post.  I agree that Karma is not anywhere near as weak a champion as most LoL players believe.  I think all she really ever needed was to for her maximum mantra charges and her mantra charge recovery rate to improve as she gained levels.  Even with her current kit, I personally like her, own her, and play her from time to time, but I don't play ranked, so I've never had to deal with this kind of abuse.   Even before reading your post, but especially now, I agree that the classic Karma skin should only be free to people who owned Karma before the rework announcement.  I'm not trying to be greedy or selfish when I say this, but it just makes sense to me that the free skin in honor of the classic Karma should represent actually liking the classic Karma enough to have wanted to play her outside of free weeks.  However, if Riot were to just change the cutoff date now that they've announced it will match the release of the rework, all the people who did buy her after the announcement just because the want a free skin would feel betrayed, and justifiably so.
0	If I was the king of reddit I would ban all cat pictures forever.  I DON'T CARE if your cat sits in a box, or on your laptop, or wherever the fuck else it is.  It isn't cute even if it's doing something out of the ordinary, they are stupid animals and they do stupid shit all the time and I DON'T CARE.   On top of that they're fucking awful pets, only 1/100 cats actually gives a shit about you, the rest just say "Feed me, thanks, fuck you".
1	it's impossible to get gold from placements in the new system so people can't get on lucky streaks during placements for gold, you have to actually earn it now.
1	I'm going under the assumption you never played Eve when she was good then? That or you have something under 300 games. Eve is a horrifically horrible champion that needs dramatic changes before she's any form of viable.   Why?   Because she's a squishy damage dealer with no real escapes. High damage does not make up for that, her only CC is slow, I see AP carries like karthus who deal more damage and have better CC that Eve does.   OH NO BUT SHE CAN INVIS IT'S COOL.   um. no. it's not, 400 gold and you turn from shit to abysmal.   Eve works only MARGINALLY in solo queue because people generally don't buy oracles, and there's little to no co-ordination between players. Even then she's still horribad.
1	The diff between plats and bronzes is player skill, but in both cases their just people.  I think it was Reginald that wrote a rather lengthy article about 'status' in league of legends.  On the mental front things like getting first blood, ganking successfully, making a clutch play to save a teammate, or taking the enemy tower increase your status and vice versa.  People naturally follow the 'high-status' players on their team, assuming those players aren't straight assholes.  the
1	This to me is one of the biggest problems with LoL. There are too many champions coming out too quickly. This caters to the people who are die hard LoL players, and not at all to those of us who only play a couple of times a week. This is in NO way a casual game, and that is so bittersweet. It is impossible to come back after a week of not playing when a new champ has been released, bc i can guarantee that someone int he game will pick that champ, and I will have no idea how to counter that champ.
1	I completely agree with your positions, I also wanted to point out that the decisions to take Wards away and making the distance to tower longer was to encourage ganking as well as team fights. changing the dynamic of the game from a passive low risk, low reward meta to a more active high risk, high reward, encouraging more interesting spectator matches, as well as opening up new strategies that would be unique to this map.   all this changes make for this maps unique identity, separating it from the idea that it is just a Summoners Rift with less players and creating its own team dynamics, valance, composition, and strategy. similar to what happened with Dominion.
0	This happen to me at a fast food place. The cashier gave me the receipt and said something about coming back for a free burger. I didn't think much of it because I thought it was a promo or something. Then I looked at it and it just had her name. I was really drunk so I have no idea if she was trying to hit on me or I was just missing something.
0	Because straight, white people have so much shit they have to wade through, right? Like their families disowning them because they came out as straight, or all the black people looking at you funny when you walk down the street in a nice neighborhood. And isn't it time we had a straight president? Hell, straight people can't even get married in some states. And we're all sick of all the white stereotyping that goes on. Won't somebody please think of the straight white people?
1	Here's the problem with it, and the problem I'm seeing on this thread a lot. People like Kha. They want him to be versatile. But, in Kha's current state, he cannot be as versatile as everyone would want him to be. He needs to have a niche, and that niche can't be "good at everything."   The League community always complains about how few champions there are that are considered "competitive" in the pro scene, but they're never willing to admit when a champion is just too good at everything. If we want a diverse champion pool, creating niches is the way to go. That way, as different metas come and go, so will the viable champion pool.   As much as we love Kha, making him more diverse is just going to ruin all assassins in general as he becomes the gold standard of assassins, seeing that his evolutions would allow him to play in any meta, or in other words, in every meta, he'll be the only go-to assassin. It's the same issue with Lee Sin/Lucian/Thresh. They're so strong, all around, and can fit into any team comp that there is very little reason not to take them.   Plus, if you create an assassin that's really strong all-around while still bringing large amounts of assassination potential, we'll have the fighter problem all over again. If you create one champion who's crazy good all around in all team comps (old Irelia), then no other fighter can compete unless they also have a crazy overloaded kit (see Jayce) and you have the arms race start all over again and we can see what 9th level of hell that creates just by looking at the cesspit of balancing that is top lane.
1	well, in the current meta (at least the way the pros play it) there is no "top, mid, bot" it's more like solo lane 1, solo lane 2, adc + support (+jungle), so regi is still playing his "mid champs" and dyrus is still playing his "top champs" it's just that in a week, for example, you could see dyrus laning bot or mid more often than you see him top, due to the many lane swaps that happen. but he'll still be playing the champs he's known for
0	There was a foreign exchange student at my university who got super drunk one night about a week before finals (and hence, right before she would leave the country). My university is in the south and a particularly small place with really nice people. Low crime, all that. She tripped and two guys tried to help her; she panicked, ran straight into a brick wall and broke her neck and both her wrists. When she woke up, she tried to accuse them of assault, but there were so many witnesses that it was immediately dropped.
1	My opinion (doesn't mean shit I guess but I like to do this stuff) on the Champion changes.   Kassadin: Not needed.   This hurts his laning phase even more, which was already weak. The W change also hurts his laning phase, making him even weaker during that time. It seems like his sole purpose is just to survive as long as he can until 6. You can't trade with anyone effectively with -20dmg every single time (for a 10+ extra damage increase at level 18... lol...lol...). Why Riot decided to hurt his already weak lane phase is beyond me. Why not reduce his mid game snowball a little if anything? This might really really hurt him to the point where he can't recover effectively. Seems super easy to shut down now.   Ahri: Needed, but wrong.   From the looks of this nerf, it seems Riot wants you to use your Q to get in rage to use your W. Also the W nerf is actually a lot bigger than you would think because each foxfire does less damage to the same target. This seems a little bit bigger of a nerf than is healthy for her (making Q max rank cost the same as her ult..). IMO just take some of the movement speed off Q, maybe raise mana a little. Nerf seems a bit heavy to me.   Diana getting some QOL buffs. Not going to help that much but it will help her in some very specific situations. Still pretty weak.   Gragas also getting some little QOL buffs making it easier to combo your ult/body slam or just hit your body slam, easier for teamates to catch up. More of a support Gragas buff IMO, since other lanes you want to combo your Q overcharge with an ult into Q range and then stun them with bodyslam and get your extra Q damage off. Still nice buff, but nothing that's going to matter that much.   Varus QOL buff. This totally fixes Varus's problems, oh wait it doesn't at all.   Zyra changes are nice I guess. I don't really see the point of it considering you can't control them. Maybe just to let players that don't know the range get used to it?   BLUE TRINKET. This buff is OP AS HELL if it goes through. Blue trinket was already the preferred option for ADCs, and now maybe even other lanes. Definitely a huge change. I hope the blue ward will be able to be killed, otherwise I can see this becoming the  normal trinket used for most players.
1	If you are playing support and you are noticing someone in another lane having a hard time.  Don't give them grief for it.  Seriously, If your mid lane is going 0/5/1 don't say "Wow this mid," in all chat. If you really want to help them, go up river and ward their lane for them (if you have the chance), give them tips on how to counter the champ they are going up against, advise them on a good build and give them advice on build orders, tell/ping for them to be careful if you see the enemy jungler coming up/down river and they aren't reacting, try and win your lane asap and go mid to help them out, ask your jungler to gank them more often. If none of this works then you really can't do anything about it, you've tried your hardest to help them and they haven't done anything with your advice.
1	Considering that he's already very strong in both Draft and Solo queue, this change that will make boots previously worthless to him incredibly advantageous could prove very dangerous. He went considerably down in the tier list when HoG didn't include cloth anymore, as it made the jungler build, i.e. starting with cloth, much harder to use until later on. This is especially true when other junglers were able to use that cloth for wriggle's, greatly improving their early game so much that I would even see Rammus players use it and so much that wriggle's received a pretty substantial nerf. With that recent wriggle's nerf and the tabi change, Rammus should easily top the tier lists with the increased survivability, damage (from W and passive), and move speed in the early jungling phase of the game. I don't think above current tier 1 is a hard claim to make if they introduce the Ninja Tabi changes without any Rammus changes.   Btw, I have literally not seen a current tier list with Rammus below tier 1. Anywhere up from tier 1 has to be god-tier. If the pros don't exploit this change when it comes out, I'll be greatly surprised. I'll also be happy that I have a secret weapon that no one knows about. I mean, reddit doesn't even believe me.
1	Nobody posted it yet so.. Vayne
1	You can macro a key on your keyboard to a mouse button, and it makes sense to pick two buttons far away from where you normally place your keyboard hand, like o and -.   That allows him to free up his f and d keys for an alternative bind setup.
1	Was floating between 1300-1400 for the longest time.   Decided to make a serious schedule, from Mon - Thursday, play League only between 20:00 PM - 01:00 AM.   20:00-21:00 Normal Draft, for practice.   21:00-01:00 All Ranked.   After about 8 play days I reached Gold.
1	I think there is a misconception about what is happening here. Many people are saying they don't have a problem reconnecting.  Their internet disconnects, comes back up, and they reconnect.  Those of us who cannot reconnect appear to have a different issue that doesn't seem to stem from a bad connection.  For the past two months I have been getting the attempting to reconnect sign.  It happens randomly, some days I can play all day without it, others it will happen so many times in one game that I spend more time reconnecting than playing.   The issue is My internet connection never drops.  While I get the attempting to reconnect sign, I can be on Skype, listening to Spotify or pandora, and browsing the internet all while I try to get back into the game.  Riot has addressed this on their forums and said they believed it was largely an issue with a single ISP. The problem with that is that thousands of people from every server, with many different ISPs have been suddenly experiencing this problem when they have never had issues with playing League.  I myself have had the same ISP for two years with no problems up until the past two months, where the game is often unplayable.  So there is more going on here than just people having a bad connection.
0	While I completely agree wih you, I find that the point this GGG is trying to make is perfectly agreeable as well. Why? Doing something your partner enjoys is a better way to understand them by seeing how they interact with a given topic. Given, you can experience something similar by simply talking about it, but actually doing it is a much better way. Also, doing things outside of your comfort zone  can  be a great thing for many people, and helps you to become a more rounded individual.   Example from someone's comment below: Not being able to go to a certain restaurant with your SO, becuase they don't like the kind of food served there? Completely understandable, assuming that the SO actually doesn't like the food. Go with someone else, then.   Example for my point: Refusing to have anything to do with videogame culture, which your SO is involved with, becuase you have no need for it? It doesn't interest you? I believe scenarios like this one is where my point takes place. You don't have to like playing Portal, or Call of Duty, Forza, Skyrim, LEGO Star Wars, etc. But, should you play them with an open mind, you'll see through the games, and your SO's reactions why it is important to them. This way, you'll value the time they spend on that activity, and understand why it is important to them. Then, using that knowledge you'd be able to find common points to further solidify your relationship through a better understanding of each other.   That is a bit hopeful, and assumes that the SO not preferable to an activity actually carries an insightful mind and reaches beyond surface level attachments to find meaning in activities. But, I think in  SOME  cases, doing things outside of your comfort zone is completely healthy and helps to build stronger relationships.   Note: This can also be applied to anyone you want to get closer to.
1	I feel like a reward system like this would drive people to play certain champions to get rewards that they really want, someone could want a Kha'zix icon but they're pure rubbish at Kha'zix, so they try to get better and end up costing many people either promotions games or what ever else. Though this issue wouldn't be a problem in normal's but if they did that there'd be a ranked version of these rewards which as i said could/will cost people time and wins.
0	Comcast sales rep here, and i hate to do it because it'll suck for me, but call a first time, ask a series of questions, then say you'll call back (unless the rep really sounds competent) and call back the same number and ask about installation again. Pricing and packaging WILL differ, there are dozens of different packages and every rep sells different.  Sales reps will generally ask some questions. You can ask questions too. Don't ever feel bad about a long call, we love long sales calls. We don't have AHT (average handle time) like customer support does (retention, technical, billing). Ask your prices, your terms and how long your promotion is for and how much it goes up (usually 20-30 bucks). Most tv and int packages and in most states reps are required to transfer customers beginning a contract to TPV (third party verification). Ask what install options are available. Pickup, shipping, or pro install. If the rep insists the house needs a pro install, try not to push it or what happened to OP might happen to you. Always check to make sure you have enough outlets (or you know how to split the cable) before signing up for a self install kit.  I agree that Comcast is probably the worst and i can't wait until google fiber comes to save us all, but some of the customers are the stuuuuupidest.
0	Not a week goes by where I don't see some asshole making this point. Tipping is part of a social contract. We allow people to make less than minimum wage realizing that what they earn will be based on the service they are able to provide. You, as the customer, have the right to inflate their wages as much or as little as you see fit. If you don't want your servers to be tipped and still want quality service, be prepared to pay at least double your check. The employer would have to pay that wage all hours of the day weather business is slow or fast. Also, a server at guaranteed wages has no incentive to make sure you're well taken care of. You should also expect the kind of bang-up service that you get from minimum wage employees at McDonalds.
0	I had a similar but an even worse experience of this at one point. I'll tell you all about it:   I'm studying at university right now and I was out with a couple of friends at a student pub, drinking beer and throwing darts. Since the staff at the student places are students themselves I tend to chit-chat a little bit with them when ordering, especially when it's a slow night like the one at hand.   The bartdender was a cute girl who I really thought had some pizazz, so I talked a little more with her than I usually do. After a while I asked for her number, and I got it! Score, I thought! I sent a messagt after a couple of days (stay cool, don't seem needy,,,) and we decided to have a date at a local pub. I had a wonderful time! And so did she, apparently, so we decided on another date. That too went well and I gave her a peck on the cheek too.   On the third date, when I was going to meet a couple of her friends over a beer and a music quiz, something very, very weird happened... I was sitting there, amongst newly found friends and my date when suddenly a guy walks up to her, sits down and they kiss... WTF?! I was stunned... what the hell is happening here?! Why aren't anyone of her friends reacting to this?   I sat there, silent for a couple of seconds when suddenly one of her friends says; "Well "LoneGenius' date", are you excited for your wedding yet? In two weeks, was it?   That girl was engaged! She was about to be married in a couple of weeks and that dude was her fiancÃ©! How can she have failed to mention that?! Needless to say, I got very pissed off. I guess because of sadness and a feeling of betrayal. But I was a gentleman and stayed there the whole evening without making a scene.   I was the one escorting her home, and when we arrived I told her that I wasn't aware of the arrangements. She basically just shrugged and didn't really apologize or anything. I told her that I did not appreciate being toyed with and bid her adieu. And that's a real Scumbag Stacey for you!
0	Absolutely beyond the shadow of a doubt whether you are a guy or girl with no questions asked please for the love of God try to get yourself a SINGLE dorm room next year. Yes. A room all to yourself. Believe me. You will make friends with people on your floor, around town, and in your classes. The last fucking thing you need in college is to share a room with someone. In closing, get yourself a SINGLE if you can.
0	Well, you've got lots and lots of time. Your final year of high school and first two years of college will be times when you want to explore this topic as hands-on as you can. I did lots and lots of career research before I decided, but nothing beats actual experience with a subject or career field for knowing what you want to do.   I was a HS dropout. After high school, I drifted about not doing anything substantial with my life. At 19 I went to work at a restaurant in the town I was living in and my experience there really turned me around. I was promoted to management six months in and spent 2.5 years as a restaurant manager.   I got my GED at 21 and started taking community college courses at 22. After my first semester at the community college I quit my full-time job at the restaurant and started looking for part-time work. I had always wanted to be a psychologist for some reason. I think that humans and the human mind just always really interested me when I was younger. So that was my initial plan and I was unofficially a psychology major.   Doing some research early on made it clear to me that the psychologist career had some major pitfalls. For one, good Phd programs are insanely competitive. Two, it would take 5-8 years of post undergrad education and out of the Phd program the pay really isn't that great. I also just didn't feel sure that the job description was exactly right for me. It didn't sound varied enough and intellectually stimulating in the way I was wanting to be stimulated.   So about 23/24, as a sophomore I switched to economics after taking the intro economics courses. I really loved it. I had always been really good and really interested in the social sciences, but also loved math and science. Here was a subject that seemed to combine both worlds, so it provided the varied subject matter I was after. The main downfall here was that, once again, it would be 5-8 years of post undergrad. Also, career prospects as an "economist" are narrow and somewhat rigidly defined. I began to notice I felt a great deal of dread and sorrow when I imagined having my entire career laid out for me in a neat sequence of expected milestones and events before I had even started. I learned what attracted me to being an economist and psychologist was the autonomy and the idea of helping make society better. I also learned I wanted spontaneity and a degree of uncertainty in my future, along with flexibility and variety.   Having a child shortly after I began college also influenced my decision-making. I realized, not too long ago actually, how important it was to me to be able to choose where I wanted to live. As a Phd professor or university researcher you do have some choices where to live, but those choices are very restricted and relocation is pretty much inevitable if you want to make career leaps.   One thing I learned from all the career research I was doing was that I needed a solid math background for an economics degree and that I needed some computing skills. So I took math and computer programming courses out of necessity rather than interest. However, I really loved my intro to stats course. After that, I really enjoyed my intro computer programming course. I already knew from all the career research I had done that applied math and computer science was where good-paying jobs right out of undergrad were to be found (my actual experience has proven this correct).   Calculus sucked, but the feeling of accomplishment from having learned it was awesome. I realized that having a math degree would put me into some sort of class of intellectually elite. Let's face it, people hear you have a university degree in math and they think you must be a genius. Plus, math had what I had always desperately needed from education, and that was to be challenged. It's possibly the most intellectually challenging program and I'm someone who needs constant brain stimulation.   Also around this time I started reading that a combination of statistics and computer programming skills were in very high demand and expected to be in high demand in the future. Furthermore, people with those kind of skills often go into entrepreneurship, which is something I have strongly considered because of my personality type and needs.   So that's where I am now. I start my first good-paying job (technically an internship) on Monday. I'm 28. I'll graduate with a statistics degree at 29 and may or may not go directly to getting a Masters. My plan had always been to get the Masters if I didn't have an awesome job right after undergrad, but now it's looking like I may in fact have an awesome job after undergrad, so we'll see.
0	He is a poor guy who took too long to die. The government doesn't get to torture people without consequences. In this case, his torture resulted in his previous crimes becoming completely irrelevant. He could've been a cannibal who strictly fed on living infant sushi and nobody would give a shit the moment he was publicly tortured to death.
0	For Latin, I would drop the  Ego . It's understood with the verb. Unless you want some emphasis that its you coming from the future. And I would go with the perfect tense of  venio, venire  which is  Veni . It would mean more "I have come." And instead of  de  I would go with  ex  since you're coming out of the future. Also the noun of future is always plural so you'd want  futuris  instead.
1	I think you got too caught up in the exaggerated details of my previous post which i can understand, the point of my post was more based around the fact that at my ELO it is sometimes impossible to carry/win games. I dont go 10/2 every single time i play, but in mostly every game i will win my lane. The problem i have is that all the other lanes will either feed or fail dramatically at last hits and cannot catch up and we end up getting stomped late game.  I do not know how to stop this. I have tried roaming and either my teammate will not respond to my aggresion and i will fall behind on farm, or they will just fail skillshots, positioning etc and get themselves and/or me killed. i really need help so i can carry myself out of my current ELO.
0	You tricky bastard. Best
0	You're looking at this from the perspective of a lawyer, a very cold and systematic POV. The whole reason we give black and gay people any elevation is because we try to sympathize. For example gay people, we recongize that we've attcked them and in many ways try to beat the gayness out of them, we now want to encourage them so that they don't look to that past and judge themselves wrongly and think they have to be straight.   The reason we need to focus on gay rights is because 40+ states still limit their rights as people. Maybe we should have a sort of sexual parade, but the issue of sexual expression in general isn't as much of a problem as it is specifically for gays.
1	I was the jungler, and I went in to gank for our mid. As I walk into the brush, I noticed the enemy jungler was already there planning to gank as well. A 2v2 fight immediately broke out in which I killed the enemy mid, while the enemy jungler got away at low health. Neither our mid nor I died, although we were both near death.   Our mid immediately started complaining that I ks'd her, in both regular chat and all chat. She claimed that she did "most of the damage," and thus I stole the kill from her. She then followed me around through my jungle for the rest of the game, stealing every camp's main creep including red. She kept saying that since I ks'd her, she's going to ks my farm. I eventually decided, fine she can jungle if she wants, I'll hold mid. But she followed me there too and tried to steal every farm there as well.   Hoping to molify her, I even apologized multiple times about "ksing" her, told her how much we needed her to get as fed as possible, and told her how much we couldn't win without her, hoping her ego would be satisfied and she would stop trolling.   A few obviously intentional feeds later from her, and we surrendered.
1	Next rumour fnatic will take H2K jungler and then marksman and then support.
1	All this mumbo jumbo about ranked is absolutely pitiful, especially your post.   You are assuming YOU or anyone else have the authority to decide who is allowed in ranked?     Riot purposely doesn't implement any of the things you mentioned because the game is meant to be a melting pot and is meant to be for fun. Anyone should be allowed to play ranked.     If you look at most other games with a ranked vs non-ranked play you are typically able to play 'ranked' right from the moment you boot up the game. I think a month or so's worth of play is plenty enough to allow someone the conscious decision to play or not.       "We're all tired of...." Who gave you the right to be the spokesman for LoL?     You're now making a martyr out of yourself over something so mundane it might as well be spilt milk. The fact is everyone, over a long enough period of time, has nearly identical chances to get trolled, have a feeder/leaver or rager. You are not special, nobody is.     "In addition, if someone is qualified to play ranked, but cannot meet the above requirements in ranked games, don't let them play ranked games, until they EARN it back."     What if the player is a nice person, absolutely terrible player, but all around good teammate and enjoyable to play with and they still have their occasional glory moments? What then? Riot punishes them for not being very good and doesn't allow them to play ranked because they simply aren't good? Sounds like a great idea, why doesn't riot just ban about 80% of all players because they have a low win/loss ratio?     What if a player often gets reported... for reasons out of their control? Examples include: Disconnecting, language barrier, unskilled player with ragers on their team. Your suggestion simply is just not going to work.       What you don't seem to realize is the new ranking system (and for that matter the old one) inherently weeds out the trolls, bad players, leavers, afkers, etc. How does it do this? By ranking them... If you are stuck at a lower rank because "other people always... this and that and blah blah," you might wanna take a hard look at your own gameplay. Were you really good enough to carry? Probably not. If you were it never would have been a problem. My issue with your post is... well everything. You just aren't seeing the bigger picture.
0	none of these things will land him in prison for a very long time if at all, because while they are shitty things, they are not evil things, just stupid self centered things. While selling some dope and getting high on DXM and weed can make you stupid, its not evil, it seems more like a unempathetic selfish teenager phase. And I really hope you are speaking out of anger and don't actually hope your brother is going to go to jail for a very long time, yes he needs a wake up call, yes he is a very shitty teenager, but hoping your brother goes to jail for years isn't the best thing for your family. I've known people much much more shitty than this during being a teenager and have become amazing people that have put a ton of good into the world as soon as they hit their twenties. yes he needs to get out of the view that he is in, but I think the best thing to do is just restrict how he can affect your family, like keeping cards and keys in the family safe and not trusting him with stuff until he is trustworthy. Also if you could find some method of getting him interested in music that isn't shit and made by people who actually want good shit to happen in the world I think that would do a world of difference (its brainwashing to constantly hear songs in the background when you do things, have that have a positive effect).
0	One of my best buds from high school injured his spine in a skiing accident in grade 11. He was a paraplegic with very limited use of his arms and hands. He's been in a wheelchair ever since. He owns his own (very successful) company, has a smokin hot wife, and they just had their first child.
0	I don't agree with this.  As a former server, I know how helpful gratuity can be.  But, you still have to earn it.  Assuming the free meal was a part of a promotion, then by all means leave a tip.  And still, the tip should be equal to the service you received from your server.  He or she will be the one to get it (not the manager, not the cook...maybe a portion to the greeter).  The amount of the check has nothing to do with it.  If your free meal is a "comp" then tipping depends on (still) the service provided by your server.  Even if he/she spilled hot coffee on your lap by accident, leaving a tip could still be feasible.  I used to work for Friendly's.  One time, I spilled two kid's drinks (the tall ones in the "beer mugs") on a customer.  I was completely kind and courteous before the incident and even more so afterwards.  I still got a tip from them.  22 percent at that.  Don't be cheap, but don't feel obligated to tip a horrible server.
1	I took a look and you're right however Ashe is still underwhelming.  I like to use Caitlyn as a standard for measuring ADCs   Base States     Health: Ashe has 5 more Base HP but she scales 1HP / level less compared to Cait. At level 5 they're equal and level 6 Cait has more HP.   HP Regen: Cait has more base regen and scales the same as Ashe    Mana: Cait has significantly more mana and equal scaling   Mana Regen: Cait has more base regen and better scaling   Attack Damage: Cait has slightly more base AD and slightly better scaling   Attack Speed: Ashe's base attack speed has a .033 auto attacks more than Cait / second, but equal scaling   Armor: Cait has 1.5 more base armor than Ashe and scales the same   Range: Cait has 50 more range than Ashe (650- 600)     Abilities   Focus vs Headshot     Focus- stacks 4-8 / second (if out of combat for 3 seconds) until 100 and will then critically damage (100% bonus AD).    Headshot - Gains 1 stack/aa out of brush OR 2 stacks/ aa inside brush. Deals 50% bonus AD at 7/6/5 stacks and can also critically strike.   Summary- At level 1 Ashe would have to wait an absolute minimum 25 seconds out of combat before she can use her passive (Regardless of runes and masteries). While Cait's passive encourages auto attacks plus requires an absolute minimum (Assuming no runes and masteries) of 5.26 seconds. From early to late game Caitlyn's passive dominate's Ashe's in terms of usability and damage considering a critical strike with headshot would provide 300% AD and considering how Ashe's passive means less as she builds crit items.     Volley vs Peacemaker     Mana: Volley- 60 mana. Peacemaker 50-90 (+10/lvl)   Cooldown: Volley- 16 s-4 s ( -3 s/lvl). Peacemaker 10-6 ( -1 s/lvl)   Damage: Volley-  40-80 damage w/ 1.0 AD ratio. Peacemaker - 20-180 Damage with w/ 1.3 AD ratio.    Range: Volley- 1200. Peacemaker- 1300   Utility: Volley- 57.5^o Cone, applies slows from frost shot, maximum of 7 targets hit (cannot pass through enemies). Peacemaker- straight line, increased range if combo'd with 90 caliber net, no maximum# of units hit, passes through enemies (reduced damage).   Summary- Both Skills are very nice to have as volley spread and slows but peacemaker penetrates deeper. However, in terms of damage potential Peacemaker still gives more bang for your buck...er...mana?     Frost shot vs 90 Caliber Net     Mana: FS - Toggle 8 mana/aa. 90CN- 75 mana   Cooldown: FS- toggle cooldown (.2 s?). 90CN- 18 s-10 s (-2 s /lvl)   Damage: FS- no damage. 90CN- 80-230 magic damage (+50/lvl) scaling 0.8 AP scaling   Range: FS-600 (auto attack). 90CN-1000   Utility: FS- 15%-35% slow (+5%/lvl) for 2 seconds is applied on volley. 90CN- (50% slow) for 1-2s (+0.25s/lvl) AND a 400 unit knockback. Provides more range on peacemaker.   Summary: These abilities are not easily comparable due to their uses. The quality of slow at level one on Cait far outweighs Ashe's maxed FS while the duration of slow provided by FS is matched by a maxed 90CN. Situationally 90CN provides better escape and damage while FS provides better Chase, and Kiting.      Hawkshot vs Yordle SnapTrap     Mana: HS- no cost. YST- 50   Cooldown: HS- 60s-40s (-5s /lvl). YST- 20s-8s (-3s/lvl)   Damage: HS- no damage. YST- 80-280 magic damage + 0.6 AP ratio over 1.5 seconds   Range: HS- 2500-5500 (+750 / lvl) travel radius and 1000 destination radius. YST- Placement Range is 400 but the traps can be anywhere on the map   Utility: HS- passive +3gold/unit destroyed. Provides vision in direction HS travels for 2 seconds and vision of destination for 5 seconds, vision includes brushes. YST- Maximum 3 traps. 1 trap lasts 4 minutes. Addition of a 4th trap will deactivate the 3rd. Placing traps reveals area. 1.5 second snare activates upon contacting within 67 range of trap. Trap gives true sight of champion for 9 seconds.     Summary- Different components to the vision game. Hawkshot does not cost mana and has a huge range that reveals brushes but it does not provide immediate defensive and offensive benefits that YST provides. YST gives CC (snare), damage, and true sight which is amazing in the new vision meta.     Enchanted Crystal Arrow vs Ace in the Hole     Mana: ECA- 100. AitH- 100.   Cooldowns: ECA- 100s-80s (-10s/level). AitH - 90s-60s (-15s/lvl)   Damage: ECA- 250/425/600 + 1.0 AP ratio Magic Damage (Splash Damage= 50% of normal damage). AitH- 200-700 (+225/lvl) + 2.0 AD ratio physical damage    Range: ECA- Global Skill Shot, 250 range splash effect. AitH- 2000-3000 (+500/lvl) targeted ability.   Utility: ECA- Stun on first enemy champion hit, 50% slow on all enemies in splash range. AitH-provides true sight of locked on targets after 1 second channel. Fires a targeted projectile that can be blocked.    Summary- ECA provides great utility for team fights as a strong engage and disengage tool however its AP scaling and magic damage leave it lacking in the late game, also being a skill shot its very easy to miss if used at greater distance. AitH on the other hand is AD scaling long range reveal that makes up for Cait's weaker chase game.
1	I dont like the idea to let the projectile pass through but what about changing the direction of the ult? (inb4 Friendly yasuo killed me)   Or imagin that: The windwall looks like its pushing the projectile UP so make it goes up for a while, let it travel lets say 500 range and then goes down again and travel on its normal. So the windwall will protect only the people near the windwall.
0	I have a funny game to play when feeling belligerent towards call center employees.   NOTE: former "star" agent at a call center.  Whereas most of my coworkers were earning $300/wk I was above $1000/wk.  I learned the ins and outs of inbound & outbound sales, and I created a dope way to fuck with call center employees.   So to blow off steam sometimes after work I would search 1-800 numbers where I would call and they would try to sell me stuff (just like where I worked).   I would announce to the rep answering the phone that my name is Brian or Matt or Phil, or something white and moderately businessy.  I tell the rep "I'm calling from Market America-the oversight company for this campaign".   I remind the rep ("as you already know") that overall the numbers aren't where they need to be and to rectify that issue Market America will be doing test calls to ensure the sales process is being correctly implemented.   At this point, unbelievably, 9/10 agents are eating out of the palm of my hand.   I tell them to restart the call and pretend I'm a customer.  The we go through each step of their sales process as I provide brutal criticism, ridiculous feedback, (and as a fun game), try to get them to reveal sensitive information about their call center. (Where are you, what else do you sell, blah blah blah)   This part of the call lasts as long as the joke stays funny (Usually about 14 minutes).  The rep is informed at this point that I'm not Brian, or Matt or anyone important.  The rep is informed they are ignorant and gullible.  He/she is given an opportunity to retaliate.  Then the phone call is over.
1	Yeah, I agree, after 10 or so games of various adc's (Ez and vayne mostly) I found that I either sucked at Adc, or I didn't like the role. I left it alone to go to support, loved it, then found it boring and moved into jungle. Didn't work, mid? Sure. I have a great orianna but I can't carry the game even when I'm 6-1-2 and I start roaming because mid tower is already gone at 10 min. Came back to Adc with graves, Varus, and Ashe. Love it now.
1	Actually that game wasn't Turtle's fault. The lane had gotten frozen really hard by Sneaky after the 4 man gank bot and Sneaky had also hit that all so important level 6 for Kog which spiked his power by a lot. Turtle's Trist was also starting to roll down that mid game slump she has so he realistically had no way to actually lane versus Sneaky w/o getting immediately chunked out or killed every time.   As for the rest of the season, well my theory is that the loss of Xpecial hurt him a lot more than people realize. While they may not have had the best synergy due to personality issues, I think Xpecial was exactly the type of player Turtle needs as his duo lane partner. Thinking about it, Xpecial being the veteran would naturally be the one in charge of the bot lane and based on his personality, I feel he'd give very precise directions to Turtle on what to do and when to do it. Now when the swap happened, suddenly Turtle became the veteran player and he isn't exactly known for his tactical mind. Gleeb already had his hands filled with his own problems with adjusting to LCS and trying to be the team's shotcaller to micromanage Turtle. As a result Turtle looked completely lost at the beginning half of the split. Now with Lustboy, his english is only good enough to convey general stuff and I'm sure he's atm just trying to adjust to TSM and living in the U.S.
1	It's not only Items. Just compare season 2 masteries and those of season 4. I dont want to go full nostalgia, but back then you had some masteries, which allowed you some creativity in play.   [Season 2 Masteries](   Just look at it, it has way more options for utility, than just raw stats. For example you had the chance to take the 6 dmg to minions masterie and try to proxy farm on lv1 the wave and then go and annoy the oposing jungler. Not only that the items/masteries lack creativity, also the runes have way too high costs. For somebody who is playing 3-4 games a day, its impossible to try out diferent runes. Nobody will ever buy energy runes, so we will never get to know, if those maybe are useful. Furthermore the changes, which reduced snowballing, were way to heavy. In addition to having higher hp on lv1 ( due to all buying dorans items now and getting at least 9 points in defense except for midlaners ) you get less puniched for dying early. So they did not only make it more difficult to get an advantage in early game, they also prevent you from doing anything with it, by minimalizing it.
0	hahahah really in their mind they are thinking this:   white man in black neighborhood, he's here to buy drugs.  since he's white, we'll give him the get out of jail free card   flash lights   "hi, what are you doing around these parts?  well since you're white, we'll believe you're lost.  here's how you get back to the highway.  we'll follow you to make sure you're not going to loop back around to still buy drugs"
0	Back in my goth days I made people uncomfortable by being near them, even if I wasn't looking at them. Should I have moved away from them?   I like objective measures and standards--I'm a data guy--so these fuzzy grey areas confuse and irritate me, even when I understand why they can be gray areas.  But it's silly to expect random person A to know that random person B is uncomfortable given the wide range (even within a society) of what people find acceptable and unacceptable.
0	You have the wrong image of what hell is. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong, but you seem to have this image of hell as it is in Dante's inferno, as this place that sinners are cast into for eternal punishment, where demons execute horrible tortures on sinners who regret ever having gone against God's will.  That couldn't be further from the truth. Hell is eternal separation from God and that can only be maintained by a constant and deliberate choice to go the way you want to and god does not. CS Lewis said it best when he said  "There are only two kinds of people in the end: those who say to God, "Thy will be done," and those to whom God says, in the end, "Thy will be done." All that are in Hell, choose it. Without that self-choice there could be no Hell. No soul that seriously and constantly desires joy will ever miss it. Those who seek find. Those who knock it is opened.
0	You're completely right in that love is hard, and you should stick it out for the duration, all I'm saying is that in some cases that just doesn't work. And that's when you get resentment and even violence in some cases. Of course it's down to the people themselves, and you should be sure of what you're getting into before getting married, which is something that I really don't get, when people are together a few months (or less) and then say "we're clearly soulmates, let's get married!" they might get lucky and be right, but it's a huge gamble if you've been with this person barely long enough to scratch the surface of getting to know them and have never even lived with them, to then go ahead and say "you know what, this is the best person for me to be attached to for the rest of my life" after such a short period of time. I suppose it's not necessarily the institution of marriage that irks me, rather the way that divorce is handled, and the expectation of society for a wedding to be this huge grand affair costing thousands etc., that and the way marriage is viewed by the state as more worthy than unmarried couples. Personally if I were to get married, it would be to someone who I'd been with and lived with for a number of years to know that we are happy with each others company for extended periods of time, and it would only really be fore the benefits the state gives to married couples, or for the sake of our families. I see marriage as no better (or worse) than not being married, I just see it as a lot more expensive and unnecessarily complicated for what it is. And don't even get me started on how an institution which predates organised religion was subsequently hijacked and stolen by religions who then said you have to do things their way and their way only.
0	I'm in now way trying to pass comment on OP, I've definitely been frustrated by my fair share of kids, but I have a reason on why I'd never say anything along these lines to a parent - learning disabilities.   Conditions like Autism and Attention-defficit hyperactivity disorder (not the bogus condition many people think it is) often manifest in tantrums which can be fairly extreme (A girl with a combination of the above conditions once decided she didn't like the look of me so decided to begin throwing a 1000 piece Jigsaw at me, one piece at a time). The trouble is that although these conditions are common they are completely invisible to the naked eye. These conditions (among a long list of other disabilities) can feature as part of serious genetic conditions though can present with no prior family or medical history so may go unrecognized for several years. One of the worst aspects is that parents of disabled children are often stigmatized for being 'bad parents' and end up being alienated by strangers when taking their kid around the supermarket or even going to a law office.   Now, I'm not trying to say there aren't bad parents out there - there definitely are - and I'm not trying to say that there aren't bratty children that need more authoritative discipline (though hitting kids is a whole other debate that I'm NOT getting into). There are even some parents that use these conditions (falsely) to justify their childs behaviour. My point is that (unless you're a trained paediatrician that specalises in picking up these conditions and has a couple of sessions over extended period of time to examine the child) you just don't know if that kid you're about to yell out is disabled or not and you'll forever been known as that guy who yelled at Glenda's autistic kid for pulling out the plugs.
1	As a bit of an example, Sorc shoes cost a 750 upgrade to regular shoes (you're probably going to have the regular boots anyway, so we'll ignore their cost for sake of simplicity). There's also the factor that you will have to get the better boots eventually almost without exception, so their opportunity cost is fairly low, but we're going to ignore the fact that they make you walk faster, too, and just focus on the damage boost.   Annie has fairly high AP ratios, and using a Needlessly Large Rod (snicker) as our meterstick here (yardstick, whatever) we'll take a crack at her ratios. Assuming a level 6 annie with one point in shield, one point in disintegrate, one point in tibbers and 3 points in obnoxious flamethrower (sorry, I don't actually play Annie, can you tell? :p) that means that her rotation will deal 465 base magic damage. She apparently had a Doran's ring already so we'll include that AP (15) in the ratios for an additional 32.25 damage. It should be noted that it is unlikely an Annie will have a point in shield at this time, but higher base damage will help the penetration over the additional AP (since penetration is a scaling bonus, assuming there's resists to penetrate).This means her damage total before spending gold on boots OR AP items in their place is 497.25.   For the 750 gold cost of transforming regular boots into sorc boots Annie could get another 37.5 AP (based on AP cost per gold of a needlessly large rod) which would grant you an additional 80.625 damage for a grand total of 577.875 damage. By comparison the boots would grant you a 20% effective damage increase across the board (assuming that the opposing champion has not bought any magic resisting items or runes and you have ~10 magic penetration from runes of your own), for an effective total damage (assuming the boots are penetrating 20 magic resist here) of 597.   As a reminder, this is assuming by level 6 our hypothetical Annie takes a level in her shield. Which, let's face it, she won't. Her base burst will be even larger (probably by around 60 or 70 damage depending what she levelled), which means that the scaling increase from the boots will be even more helpful.
1	there are 2 millon people online at most times playing league of legends, and in many soloq games 2000 elo gets paired with 1800 elo, even scarra when he was 2500 got matched with 1700 at times. Thinking everyone knows me and i play lee is completely wrong. This reddit is browsed by maybe 50,000 or 100,000 people regularly, so actually is fairly possible there are a lot of people that doesn't know froggen plays lee mid or even know him at all. If you don't watch this reddit or his stream how do you know he plays lee mid? you don't! it was his mistake not looking at chat as he stated and it was also his mistake not saying he was mid as lee mid is unconventional and his final mistake was believing everyone 1800+ knows him and the unconventional champs he plays. Bottom line is his actions were not by any means justifiable.
1	I came here to post "XD"
0	You're right in that the US would need to change their system for it to work.   The norwegian one is as follows:   -When the kid is born they get a single sum worth roughly 6k dollars.   -transitional help, worth roughly 2000 dollars a month for 3 years, can be extended for another 3 if necesarry. (this payment is taxed)   -children social aid, for single mothers this is about 330 dollars a month for 18 years, 430 dollars if they are also receiving transitional help.   -if the father doesn't pay child support the mother can seek child support money from the government.   Oh, btw, socialized healthcare makes sure there are no medical bills to pay, they can even get a free card to avoid the symbolic charge for doctor appointments. Kids get free dental until they've finished high school.   Education is free in Norway.
1	Piglet? Piglet sucks dick nowaday. I had my doubts about Impact but seeing his and Fakers performance against White Shield, I'm convinced he still has some drive to continually improve. Piglet is just abysmal, unable to carry a lead into a successful win with his team, and even more unable to get back from a deficit.
1	here's my advice dont obsess about perfect CS unless your playing 2k rating most people wont let you just CS you wont reach the mark that your "supposed" to just try to be top of CS early on after 15-20 minutes most often someones either fed and can cs freely or aoe farm so dont always judge on other people just make the honest effort to CS and keep up the good work :)
1	Keep in mind that almost everything I'm talking about is directioned to competitive play/pro play   I think riot is taking the game in the wrong direction and it'll make the game very much boring after a while.   I don't care if every time reddit happens to be wrong in a few things and then some stupid fucker does a video called "lel reddit knows balance xDxD" that reddit upvotes because the biggest circle jerk is how reddit like to bash itself.   Every fucking time there's a nerf to an early game jungle, some people say the games is going towards "League of lategame" and they're right, but then a few guys come and say shit like "well, lee sin is way too dominant right now".   Yes, lee sin is way too dominant, I agree, but he wasn't, then riot nerfed pantheon, vi's base damage (buff in scaling), indirect nerfs to elise like the ancient golem path, nerfs to j4, nerfs to evelynn as an AP assassin, all that shit made lee sin way too strong. He was perfectly balanced a few months ago, but riot's balancing made it so that you have to play the few ones left for early game (like lee sin was) if you want to make an impact early in the game. And that's for jungle, don't even get me started on top lane and mid lane.   Fuck gragas, fuck maokai, fuck alistar, fuck all of that shit in top lane. They're braindead champions in top lane because all you gotta do is build one bruiser item (roa for mao/gragas, triforce for alistar) and build full tank, you'll have the damages, the tankyness. You're also stupidly hard to get out of the lane because of how tanky and how much sustain they have, fuck that. All of this made very hard to do an impact in top lane even if you're better than the enemy and an early game based top laner because they can just go back , teleport and lose 0 farm. You can't play renekton and hope to completely wreck the enemy who first picked a weak laner because he has teleport and teleport negates your lane pressure. You can't pick Rumble because you don't have sustain and enough damage early game to kill these fuckers, and you're eventually going to get outscaled not because of damage, but because of tankyness and because these champions completely take away your strenghts (mao ulti, displacement from gragas and ali).   Then there's mid laners, who are now basically a wave clear bot, all of them being mages. Every now and then there's some zed, some talon, a few yasuos. Of course every rule has it's exceptions, but mostly? Yeah, wave clear mages who'll try to strall the game for 20 more minutes in hopes the enemy do some dumb shit.   That also applies to AD carries, all I see in competitive play nowadays are tristana, kog maw and shit that at 40 minutes into the games becomes a fucking monster.   I get it, last season every game was decided before 20 minutes, but isn't that how this game is supposed to be? If some teams play it very well in the early game, they should be rewarded by having it easier to win the game.   End of rant. Sorry for bad grammar. Also
1	That's wrong in so many ways because honestly you can't predict power failures, client problems and isp issues. And they do happen regardless of what anyone can say. Fact is there is no current solution to this because it can easily be exploited to either gain more or lose less.  Your suggestion is simply another way of "blaming the jungler". While it is a problem, your feelings are misdirected.  The leaver buster could be of help here, balancing out elo gains and losses, or maybe making the game entirely safe to leave after a player has been dc'ed (not quit) for more than x minutes in the game. I'm sure the suggestion above is intended for those who quit the game on purpose but i`m not sure how riot can provide a non exploitable solution to accurately single out these people.
1	Actually I find the SC2 ladder and the new LOL ladder systems very similar. You're saying that LP does not actually represent anything, and is just meaningless points to assuage the masses now that we can't see our mmr/elo rating. I think you actually described what the LP represent now though when you were talking about how in the SC2 ladder, you need to consistently play at a higher mmr than what you are playing at to proceed. Well isn't that exactly what the LP system shows? It's a system that goes over the hidden mmr that is really there in the LOL ladder.   LP doesn't match you with anyone, it's effectively just a counter to show to show how soon you can potentially rank-up. If you are at 100 LP the system has determined that you are playing very well and you get promo series. If you are between 30-70, you're probably around the right area. Same goes if you are low on LP. Basically the only difference I see in these two systems is that the SC2 ladder is all hidden, and reaching the top of a ladder gives you a vague idea that maybe you could rank up soon because you have a lot of points. The LP system is actually showing you the calculation that is going on behind the scenes in the SC2 ladder, thus it's actually a more transparent system. Not saying this is good or bad.   The only massive difference between these systems is that you can no longer get demoted if you have attained a certain league, e.i. gold league. If I'm not mistaken, if the SC2 system sees you playing at a much lower mmr than what is considered normal for your current league, you will be demoted. I believe that LOL implemented this to remove some anxiety from the ranked system, though in the long run I'm not sure if this was a good idea.
1	A couple of points here I want to address.   1) Cinderhulk is way too OP at the moment. It's a cheaper, stronger Sunfire integrated with smite. It's so strong to the point even top laners are building Smite/Cinderhulk.   2) Recent adc mains are struggling in Solo-queue because the pool for adcs have effectively shifted due to the recent meta shift. Previous Top: Graves, Sivir, Jinx, then Corki  Current Top: Lucian, Jinx, Kog-hypercarries-   3) To elaborate more on why #2 is a problem: The previous "strong" adcs had both damage  AND  utility. They were able to self-peel and kill opponent bruisers by themselves. Now, players are forced to trade that utility for damage by picking hyper-carry champs like Jinx or Kog.
0	I was babysitting my younger cousins once, and the younger of the two(4 at the time) went to use the potty. He's totally potty-trained according to my aunt and uncle, but all of a sudden he calls out for me. Sure as ever, he has the door wide open and is waiting for me to wipe his ass for him. His older sister(9) told me that he can do it himself, but he has a weird habit of asking people to do it for him. Sure as ever, my aunt and uncle verified, and I had to make a kid mad by explaining to him I won't wipe his ass.
0	First of all:  Secondly, my mother did this to me all the time. I have serious anxiety issues when I'm around her, this is one of the many reasons why. I'll also add that she's a horrible last-minute-shopper, and we were shopping before christmas one year, I was around twelve or so, and I simply just left the cart where it was, and sat in the car.   Needless to say, over five hundred dollars of shit she crammed into that cart got pilfered by other people that wanted it.   And as some advice, I cannot imagine what else you're doing to your child if you do this petty, manipulative, spineless, horseshit. Mother or Father, I don't care, you're a fuck-up. Stop doing this to your kid. Leaving your child unattended in a grocery store is enough for Youth Services to royally fuck you over - it's also a great way to get them snatched by someone.
1	the thing is, the attributes riot provide is only a guideline. The fact that you can build anything on any champ is (one of the reasons) what makes this game so innovative, if you think it might work (because scalings arent too bad, or how well the skills synergizes together). go try it!   Champions like kennen and ahri were originally designed to be AP carry mids, but instead were built by someone to be AD carries and it actually wasnt too bad.
0	Do you remember that post on the front page a while ago where this dude met another guy on a boat somewhere in like Norway or something and ended up saving his life because the guy was actually going to kill himself that night except he met OP and OP talked to him about life and gave him a new outlook all while OP didn't know that the guy was depressed enough to want to commit suicide.
0	Ok I am going to say it:  I  sort of  believe it. I don't think vaccines directly cause autism or any medical conditions directly but the thought has crossed my mind that they have some impact. I'll tell you why.  Me and my 2 other cousins were all born 4 days within each other. We were all normal, healthy babies up until around 2-3 years old. Then one of my cousins started showing development problems. This cousin was ahead of me and my other cousin developly speaking(he was starting to learn how to walk etc.) At around the time he started showing developmental problems was around the time we all got our vaccines. Ever since then he hasn't been able to speak or walk and can't really function.
1	I always, always got mega pissy when I would see the Ashe on our team take mid. I was always like WTF.   Then a mate explained to me that Ashe hawkshot could almost reach both lanes mid games when ganking started. Point being that Ashe in mid could hawkshot when MIA was called to help her mates, hawkshot blue buffs etc.   It was not until this that I saw Ashe as not a damage champ but a Utility champ.   So to answer your question, I feel like she still has a massive roll in any team. Yeah Caitlyn can drop traps for constant vision in mid bush (not that it give vision but it traps player as they run though, preventing ganks) and she can finish off with her ulti however as a ranged carry she cannot do what Ashe does in that she can check across the map baron, dragon and buffs.   In terms of poke though, Kog is still friken amazing! His attack speed can be capped at the highest in the game which make him a backdoor slut 9. His ulti can scrub check more often than Ashe hawkshot etc. etc. How ever his CC is no where near that of Ashe's Q or R.
1	sooo.... does anyone else HATE his voice? I mean, his lore made him seem like he would sound like Xin Zhao/Master Yi. he is a samurai, looks Asian, should be Asian and his voice......is Graves but not as growly, but even them its still growly.   I really wish Riot would have more variation in the voice acting for Males. I've had enough, rough, tough and growling voices. Since he is a samurai I wish his voice could have been more...calming and soothing. Yes I know he killed his brother and <insert gloomy dark backstory here> but he doesn't HAVE to sound all gruff and tough. I mean his element is the wind, plus he is from Ionia. Give him a soothing, yet firm voice and not a gruff voice.   Also, really? A cowboy samurai skin that looks like Ben Affleck's face was photoshoped on there with a beard. I mean sure they are making a reference but.....they couldn't come up with something more creative? Like maybe make a Jade Dragon skin for him, like Wukongs or something....
1	Teemo       Toxic Shot:         Ability Power ratio on impact reduced to 0.3 from 0.4.       Noxious Trap:         Damage reduced at later ranks to 200/325/450 from 200/400/600.         Fixed: Tooltip now indicates the correct cooldown.   *This nerf was applied on December 14th,   Liandry's Torment     Ability power reduced to 50 from 60.     Damage per second increased to 2% from 1.66%.     Damage-over-time and multi-target spells no longer have reduced effect.     Fixed damage effect not being properly reapplied on targets that already have it.   *This change was applied on February 13th.   So with a nerf of 10AP, but a buff on the passive being increased to 2% and no longer reducing the passive on DOT effects, mushrooms are once again too strong.  People can deny it all they want, but save my post, go ahead, and watch in the coming patches this will be addressed with either a Liandry's nerf or a straight up Teemo nerf, I fully guarantee it.
1	Hmm here we go. You are in division I of your tier. Closing in to 100 LP. And you think it's weird when you gain low LP gains. Let me tell you the truth. U don't belong where you are right now because this system is more forgiving. So you will gain less LP to make sure you become better before you can gain a tier. Because gaining a tier is a permament change.
1	Yes, you're not reading the full post - no one is saying it couldn't hit without the flash. That's not the point.   In the first position there was more room for Leblanc to dodge, in the 2nd (post flash) position, there was less room and time to react to the new position and dodge the charm.   He flashed to position the charm in a place that was harder for LB to dodge (and give LB less time to react to the new position) - not because he couldn't hit it from the original position. If he charmed from the original spot, the LB was prepared for it coming from that direction and could have dodged it easier.
1	To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult.
1	I typically tend to stay away from these types of posts because in my mind they are usually just some sort of high school drama type news in correlation with a video game.   I looked at the footage, and let me just say.. Irelia was being a galactic cunt, constantly putting riven down with snide comments and shit.. Seriously, how old is that kid. I use the term kid because no adult would act that way.   Now for the "werecat", I used to govern a forum with roughly 5000 active/constant users+, dealing with this type of shit is annoying and power can get to your head which obviously did in this scenario. But when you have the ability to just eliminate the problem and not give a damn you typically will.   According to the "Code" they were both in the wrong and should both be punished.. I have a feeling that my post will be like the others and just down voted and shit but honestly.. If you want fairness then fairness should be it, but seeing as the majority are saying he is the victim, then fairness isn't what you want and you're more interested in the drama..   Here's a great code to implement Riot, it goes a little something like this... Rule 1: Don't be a dick Rule 2: Seriously, don't.. Rule 3: Obey all rules!!
1	I'm inclined to think TSM is not a top 3 team and it'll stay that way. Nothing against them but I don't think any of them looks to be a good candidate for shotcaller and Bjergsen's first split dominance won't carry over. Sure he's still a great laner, but the reason he looked so good (in my opinion) was due to TheOddOne's style of jungling and TSM's overall laning strength allowed him to shine in many games. But towards the end of last split and now continuing, some of the other mid laners have impressed me more. Gleeb has shown himself to be a great replacement, but I really don't buy the hype about Amazing. Despite his high KDA this week, he seemed pretty mediocre (especially with such an easy schedule).
1	Monte loves the sound of his own voice more than anything. You always have to take that into consideration, and take everything he says with a grain of salt.
1	I would say that the community that isn't a part of the subreddit, or that doesn't visit the fourms at all either largely are assholes. Part of the problem is that its a free game, and with that comes a lot of kids who just talk shit all the time. However with the community at large on reddit / the fourms, I think it tends to make people more accountable.   Think for example of WoW (or any mmo) Typically on any specific server people get reputations and people start knowing each other more.
1	I had something similar last night. Me and 4 friends decided to just have fun and troll each other for a game, and we went blitzstar bot, Heimer mid, poppy top and fiddle jungle. We all built homeguard first and bought other stupid items. We had fun just laughing on teamspeak and didn't really care about winning. Needless to say, we did lose that game. However, that wasn't the problem. The moment our nexus was destroyed, the enemies started saying stuff like gg ez, etc... This made me sad. Then in the post game lobby they told us to go troll somewhere  else, even after we already said we were a premade. According to them winning was more important than having fun. It seems like some people take take the game way too serious, and don't get me wrong, I play very seriously in ranked when it matters a decent amount. But these random people saying gg ez and acting like that? It really makes me sad too. And I don't think they were joking, because they seemed really arrogant... Sorry for ranting a bit here, but OP's story made me remember this and I wanted to share it...
0	My parents were engaged in high school.  Started dating when my mum was 15 and my Dad was 17.  Got married on my mum's 20th birthday on Dec 30th 1985.  Happily married to this day.
0	My 2nd year University house used to have a cat we called "Andrew" turn up without fail every single day. The little sod was so comfortable he used to come in through any open window and us being students we fed the ever loving fuck out of that cat (pretty sure he ate better than us).   In the end it turns out he lived across the road and the guy who owned him was most upset to see him lounging around inside the house but didn't stop it
1	Stop looking at what you  think  you are doing correctly.  Start looking at what you are doing wrong and how you can improve on it.   >I mained top.. from 50 games I lost my lane 5 times. I cant remember when enemy had better cs. I buy wards, ping. Watch the map.   What went wrong after you won lane?  (hint: winning lane doesn't really mean much unless you win lane like 5/0)   >I played support as no one wants it, so I thought ok... If I play this good it will increase my chances. My adcs usually have 20 cs by 15 minutes. I beg them not to push the creep wave as we will be ganked easily. They chase enemy, I ping ask them not to turret dive level 3 but they dont listen and then blame me for not protecting   Everything is just blaming your adc here.  What could  YOU  have done differently to change the outcome of the game?  Zone the enemy, lay deeper wards to have a long heads up for jungle, poke the enemy hard as a caster, etc.   >I played mid - the most picked role and the most difficult one. I'm nothing special here but at least I can farm decently and don't get killed if enemy is good.   Again, what did you do late game?  Winning lane honestly doesn't mean much in this game.   >Jungle - There's no way to do this properly. I'm not a pro, but last couple of games with Kha, I had the best KDA, only positive in the whole team.   This is the reason he is so popular.  4/5 games he will always have the best KDA on his team.  He's a powerful ganking early game champ.  What did you do wrong after laning?   >I place more wards as an ADC. Later they flame how my damage is weak. I had 4/6/19 as Cait for example.   Ok you died 6 times.  What could you have done to prevent any of those deaths?  Could you simply have placed your trinket wards better and just the occasional ward?  How was your positioning in fights?  Are you chasing after low hp enemies or focusing on just kiting the closest thing to you?
1	I cannot praise Riot enough for how far they have come in establishing League of Legends in the Esports scene, they deserve more credit. Maybe it was before your time or during, but I believe HotshotGG does deserve credit to an extent but that is just how I feel as a player of League of Legends since the beginning. During the beta up until the season 1 finish, the league of legends scene with e-sports wasn't even clost to half of what it is when compared to what you see today. HotshotGG probably was an influential figure to many players in the early days because he established himself as one of the top players in the NA scene. There wasn't a real defined Meta during the early stages for the community, anything top, anything bot, and Ashe mid lol. Players were new, the game was new, and there was a lot to be learned about the game itself before the scene really took off. It started with the ranked ladder, everyone wanted to reach the top and be the best, and players were able to see who was ahead of them or catching up to them on the ranked ladder system. HotshotGG was one of the top players dominating the unclear Meta with HotshotnidaleeGG and the split push concept. Hotshot also was one of the first players to establish streaming his league of legends soloque play consistently. Although other players would stream, people wanted to watch the best(at that time) and it happened to be HotshotGG on Own3d.tv (RIP). Watching HotshotGG gave players a source to learn from, and influence many on mechanics, builds and general gameplay in the early stages that finally developed into thousands of viewers. HotshotGG was also active in this SMALL subreddit at the time, and introduced Reddit to many while watching his stream.  Also, HotshotGG founded one of the first competitive teams in the scene know as Counter Logic Gaming that goes wayyyyyyyyyy back. There were other teams at the time, but nothing or no one too great, even CLG wasn't very great at the time. Reginald actually joined CLG at one point and CLG saw lots of success, and Regi decided to leave CLG to form Team Solo Mid, and after awhile both CLG and TSM became rivals, and the top two teams in the scene and started to hold more tournaments. CLG on the business aspect (HotshotGG) acquired own3d.tv as one of their primary sponsors and opened up players and fans to even more streaming, while other player/fan favorites would also stream and gain viewers as well. This also was all an investment for Hotshot, he put a lot of his own money into the team, and turned it into a business. Just looking back, HotshotGG was just a player like you and I, but he took the opportunity to establish himself as a leader in the community. The esports scene erupted as season 1 came to a close, and eventually came to be what you see today. Thanks to Riot's faith in their company, employees and the community, League has established itself as the leader in Esports and have developed this great game. Riot has brought before you the game you enjoy, and they deserve all credit for everything about that. HotshotGG through the beginning praised to be the best, only to come to the most criticized and commonly thought to be the problem of CLG is now done. It's an end to the beginning for many of the veteran players. Some are sad, some are happy, some are trash (tribute to LiftLift) but I am hopeful, hopeful for the future of CLG and the Esports scene surpassing even more then where it is today and that someday it will be THE SPORT, maybe passing football in EU and football in NA, maybe even reaching an Olympic level, or World Cup,  I can only dream. Here's to HotshotGG, here's to Riot, here's to you, and the people, the people who are the real source of the success of the game, the community who is the driving force of the Esports scene, the future of it all depends on us, the players, the fans and the community I am glad to be apart of this history in the making. Cheers and karma to all.   Edit 1:
0	I worked Taco Bell drive through when a woman asked for tacos with "only cheese, nothing else." To clarify, I asked the woman if she wanted meatless tacos, and without hesitation, she said "yes." The manager on duty and the guy making the tacos both had headsets on and both heard her so they agreed to make tacos with only cheese in them. She came inside the store about 5 minutes after we gave her the tacos and threw them at my friend who was making them and said "is this some kind of joke?" To this day, I don't know how he did it - because the woman was staring at him the whole time - but he spit in every one of her new tacos.
0	Same here.   This is my method for dealing with the problem:   When I first get in the car I put the windows down for a minute or two because it's as hot as the surface of the sun inside.   Then I turn the AC on full blast, because I'm really hot.   After a minute I turn it down to the lowest setting, where it stays for a few minutes, until I sense I'm actually starting to get cold.   Then I turn the blowers so they're blowing where I can just barely feel it, thus sending arctic winds unneccesarily into the rest of my car.   When I either become too cold or feel too guilty about my excessive AC use, I turn it off (and crack the windows) for about 30 seconds, when I get too hot again, put the windows back up, and start the cycle over.
1	i thought yasuo was super op and ez mode, until i bought him and tried him out. boy am i terrible with him. basically it means they have a misconception about what what your champion can and cannot do.   edit: there's also a deeper level of how much skill impacts the game. half the game is knowledge and matchups and application of mechanics with your knowledge.   like take fiora vs tryndamere. early, fiora will wreck tryndamere pretty much no matter what he does. that is an unfun matchup. then they start to QQ, and eventually the rage builds up. there's also matchups like fiora vs pantheon. pantheon will faceroll fiora all day. the pantheon player beating the fiora player isn't a matter of skill. it's a matter of which toolset counters which toolset. this is where knowledge comes into play. fiora should not try to engage pantheon at all, and just farm under turret. but if the fiora is rash, she'll try to confront panth, and lose over and over again. now, the issue here is, is it fiora's fault that she will definately lose the matchup? or is it riot's poor balancing abilities? i'd say it's riot's fault for making such one sided matchups. people play league not because they want to play a team game. they play league cause they want to feel better than other players. randoming fiora into pantheon doesn't allow you to skillfully outplay panth. it's just hell. sure you can play it safe and farm underturret, but that's not fun is it? taking panth spears up your butt over and over again. now another problem i have with this matchup is that at low skill levels, the panth actually thinks he's better than fiora. which really gets me going. panth beating fiora has nothing to do with panth's skill, but rather his toolset. so this is the underlying problem with league, and why people say "that champ doesn't even take skill, noob."
1	I'm seeing a lot of disagreement on his facebook post, but for the wrong reasons - it seems people are just listing good traits of lower tier junglers and assuming that is a solid bulletproof argument.   Here's what I'm getting from Nightblue3's tier list. Besides the obvious tier 1 OP (state of invis in S3/4, went tank=went dmg "free gold" itemization champs), Nightblue values FAST clear junglers with objective control. Champions that have fallen down the tiers are not bad champions in their own right, they are just not as VERSATILE as tier 1. Nightblue could play only Lee Sin in 50 games and maintain a decent win rate, but I doubt he could do the same with Shen.   e.g. Just because Wukong has a strong engage, doesn't mean he's tier 1 OP. Elise is tier 1 OP because she has a strong engage, a strong escape, and a strong clear. Her engage might not be as good or guaranteed as WK at 6, but Elise is A/A- in every aspect, whereas WK is A+ engage, and lacking in almost every other aspect. What if you have to play a dive comp? WK and Elise would both excel. But what if your team has a poke comp? Elise can still max spider, but WK would honestly be pretty much useless.
1	More like people  que  queue up, find a game, pick a champ, go to kitchen or toilet, someone dodges and they are not there to accept the next game.
1	I for one actually enjoyed the stream, I thought their attitude and stuff made the stream more entertaining, and then when they all left OddOne started playing again. Like the true general he is. I'd rather not watch a serious Q and A for twenty to thirty minutes.   Plus people are acting surprised. It's TSM, what did you expect?
0	I was late out to buy tickets to a big party/festival and tried to buy one today, I discussed a price with two people. One told me he'd sell them at eight and was at a lower price than the other that didn't give me a set time. Well at eight, he told me he had sold it to his friend. Then I agreed on a price with the other seller and was basically ready to go pick them up, when I got the message that a friend of a friend wanted to buy them. I try to offer more, but I get sent that the other person offers more, and then that she sold them. Now I'm stuck with no tickets, and that means letting down my friends and not blowing lots of money on partying. So today was a double-edged day? I do love me some money though.
0	I was in a theater at the same time a class of elementary school kids came to watch it (I think it was a field trip or something, I don't know). Me, my two friends, two teachers, thirty or forty eight-year-olds.   End of the movie, me and my friends are bawling our eyes out. The kids don't get it, really -- not as much emotional impact when you didn't literally grow up with Toy Story, when college is a far-away dream rather than something literally happening in two months, etc. So the kids get confused and turn to their teachers to ask why the three high school kids are bawling like their best friends've all died, and all the teachers have tears in their eyes too (because they have or had kids at around Andy's age).
0	Yea, it's funny how people think this "eye for an eye" adult-child bully logic bullshit is a good thing. Fuck that. It's one thing for a kid to call the rude kid names, but if people think it is good for an adult (authoritive figure) to out and belittle a child, and then agree that doing that is one-upping the "bad parent" , they don't properly comprehend even basic psychology. That child was "dressed" (raised,conditioned) by their parents, if they're  wearing shitty clothes (bad behavior) would belittling their shitty clothes help the child change into something better? No, just like belittling their personality won't change anything either,  you dumb, neurotic asshole . Since you can't change the parent, focus on  your own child , teach your child how to deal with the bullshit in life (rude children, to start), how to speak out, and how to have patience. The bullshit will never go away, so focus on strengthening your own child (like you're supposed to) instead of focusing on the bullshit that knocked 'Em down.
0	It's an idiotic comparison.  If he was in a video game tournament I wouldn't pull him out to take out the trash either.  If he was in a ballet performance I wouldn't pull him out to take out the trash.  These are scheduled things.  If he were in the backyard tossing around the football when it's dinner time, I will call him the fuck in because it's dinner time.  If he leaves the table to play a video game before clearing his plate I will call him away to clean it up.
1	IDK. If most Rek'Sai are burrowed most of the time then I would have to agree with you. If most Rek'Sai are above ground for most of the time, then I don't agree with you. Leona, Blitz, all of them need to activate an ability before they can interrupt Galio. This could be also said for Braum, but even him demand team mates to also be taunted for it to work.
1	Every season riot re-balance the game a lot. So the meta shifts from time to time, DoT can become better than assassination in the next meta, or it can be heavy poke again, until the meta finds a "perfect spot" it will keep on changing. If assassins get nerfed into oblivion we will have a next big thing and so on.
0	Yes,  Here in the USA there are industries that are there specifically to rape the consumer.   Some of the many industries include: healthcare, insurance, car dealerships and education.   These industries are protected by the government because of lobbyists.
0	I have this exact problem where I live. Only one company offers cable and broadband internet. The cable TV is moderately priced to compete with satellite TV. The internet is a joke. 10 mbps down/ 1 mbps up for $70 per month. Then you have to buy/lease a modem. I was living in Austin for a while and purchased my own modem and apple router. Came back here and they refused to let me use it. The tech actually told me it's impossible for it to work. Really? That's like telling me Shell gas only works in Ford vehicles.
1	I think they shouldn't remove it, let it be optional. For example, if I want to go like Lulu/Vel'Koz mid and someone picks them for supp, part of the point is gone imo.
1	It's not necessary a problem with clamping.   An interesting effect of Riot's promo system is if you win a lot starting from a lower division (e.g. from Silver V-III then win all the way to Silver I). Because of the wins, your MMR becomes gold-level. However, because the system won't let you just go to gold, you still have to go through promotions multiple times.   This creates a problem if you are in Silver I with Gold III-II MMR. Instead of needing to win 3/5 games vs Silver I MMR teams (which any Gold III-II should be able to do), you need to win 3/5 agsint gold III-II, which is much harder! all while losing LP on losses despite having much higher MMR than their division.
1	I don't really rate this idea as Rammus, he's not a bad jungler but i don't really see how he counters yi more than other options.   The rammus would have to out gank the yi for the most part because his clears so poor that yi would snowball ahead if his ganks aren't sucessful or rammus just afk farms. Also rammus can't invade yi very successfully. - this makes you better off with more agressive junglers who can both gank a lot early to snowball and invade yi. (lee singha and elise).   Also if yi gets ahead theres very little rammus can do to stop him, his taunt only does so much and rammus also needs the taunt for engage, which won't work on a yi with ghostblade, ruinking items. Yi is much more vulnerable to displacement, such as alistar and lee sin.   Then dueling potential when yi splitpushes, rammus can't deal with this either. Unless the rammus is fed as hell he wont duel the yi because he doesnt have the damage to capitalise on his cc. Jax and irelia do this nicely.
0	go to a gym , 5'6 140, play soccer, barely overweight( some ab fat). Goal is 130 lbs, + muscle because I have a personal trainer with a scheduled work out scheme. He only called me fat because It's the only thing I have ever been sensitive about, aside from the fact I have almost invisible eyebrows.
1	Understand that the games up to level 30 are there for you to learn how to play the game. In all honesty, don't bother being a team player until you are confident in your abilities as a laner. Take some practice games to get last hitting down with a champion and then take that last hitting into normal games. For a few games, focus on winning your lane and letting whatever else happens, happen. Chances are pretty high that if you handedly win your, your team will stand a fighting chance once team fights start happening.   Also, it sounds you need to have a little more confidence in yourself. Understand a couple things about low level normals.. If someone is absolutely dominating, there's a pretty high chance that they are a smurf of a player who can't play at the level their main is at. Also, those games are there for you to learn the game. I can remember building Malady (the OLD malady) and thinking I was an amazing TF. If you lose, so what. As long as you legitimately tried to win the game (ie not trolling), who cares if the people on your team are angry. The only ones beating themselves up is you. I can't remember anyone I was in a normal game with unless they were someone I was friends with.
1	Riding the top post. Thank you everyone for both your kind comments and constructive criticisms. Feedback is incredibly important for growth (in life, as a writer, as a summoner!). In this post I'd like to add a bit to my original article and respond to some comments/requests.   People have asked for a quick instructional video on how to use this tactic. Unfortunately, the game is rarely as clear and neat as articles like mine make it out to be, and a video wouldn't do so much justice to tactics like this so much as going out and trying it out on the Rift. I also don't have the skills or technology to make a video myself. However here are a couple replays of professional players which illustrate this tactic quite well (mostly in the first 10 minutes or so). Shoutout to [LolReplay]( and [Pro Replays]( for making these so easy to access.   Here they are:   [Faker - Syndra vs Gragas](   [Faker - Lee Sin vs Vladimir](   [Dade - Rengar vs Tryndamere](   As I've said before, Faker is a master of this tactic. Almost all the replays LolReplay and Pro Replays have of him display this tactic really well. In Dade's game which I linked, the Tryndamere used his level advantages really well early on to turn the tides of the lane onto Dade who had firstblood.   Now in response to some other things. Dyrus, in the post I'm replying to, said that matchups are very important, which is something people haven't really been discussing in the comment thread (you've been all over the tower-lasthitting comment though). They are--somewhat.   Some champions have natural power spikes or advantages which are different from their lane opponents. So avoid them and push accordingly. For example in the matchup Rengar vs Lee Sin. They are fairly even when they first come to lane--Lee Sin can really punish Rengar with Q but Rengar can kite him around creeps with E or Q. But if Lee Sin can get level 2 first, or clear the first wave much faster, Rengar's advantage evaporates because he isn't protected by his wave anymore. So as Rengar, you want to push ASAP at level 1 and quickly assert your level 2 advantage, or if Lee got the level advantage (could be due to a variety of reasons), you start backing off really early and only push forward when its safe.   I'm not sure if I explained the matchup side of this concept very clearly, but that's the general gist of it. I don't claim to have all the answers and haven't thought about it enough yet. Ask further questions in the replies.   And for those asking for a
1	Super long CC's are a part of it. Doesn't matter how far ahead you are when Enigma can stun your whole team for 4 seconds. But that's not all of it. Team strategies are generally a lot more asymmetrical.   You can have one team that's really good at grouping up and steamrolling you, but the other team can have good split-pushers that threaten to solo-kill your base if you cross the river.   You also generally have carries that peak at different points. One team might have a Lifestealer that peaks at 35 minutes and can turn on his magic immunity and kill someone in 3 hits, but the other team might have Medusa who requires way more farm but can split-shot your whole team to death if she can turtle til 50 minutes.
0	I understand the question was probably inappropriate given the context and meant to impress more than to get any information from the expert, but his answer was unquestionably wrong. Clowning as a general performance form is way older than commedia and has many, many variations, but clowning was a major part of commedia performances and modern clowning can trace many of its tropes back to the commedia form (the checkered costume of the trickster or harlequin character being the most obvious and well-known example).
1	trust me guys.... specially in low elo. If u got a support main on your team that is shotcalling and telling u what to do... again...TRUST ME ON THIS... listen to him! adc, top and mid "mains" in low elo aka bronze, silver, gold (maybe plat) dont have the ability or brain capacity to analyze certain game situations because they tunnel vision on their lane or their poor mechanics. Most likely in this elo support mains are the only players that have a bit map awareness and trying to understand the game.   As a high platinum support main last season, which is shit i know, ive been somehow placed into silver 1 after my placements. What ive seen there according to map awareness, face checking brushes, different calls of what to do and throws has basically changed my view of ranked games in leaque of legends.  I was very naive going into low elo ranked games, thniking i could basically win every bot lane by myself and carry the games from the support position! Fuck ive never been so wrong! From what ive seen i questioned if the human race is in fact the most intelligent race on earth. I think a well trained monkey or horse can do better than some of these guys down there.   I found a way out of there however, adapting basically to the stupidity of the low elo mid and adc "mains", the never ever ganking jungler and the fact that vision is overrated in low elo because ppl will still walk in 5v1 even with vision on them.... i played SONA almost exclusivly. After struggle with my main thresh, janna, karma and ali the good old Sona carried me out of there, having 90% winrate on her!
1	I disagree entirely. You literaly just made an excelent post detailing the exact reasons why jungling with the "snowball meta" mindset in lower elo queue can be a bad idea.   I see a lot of junglers do this though . In high elo I very much understand the reasoning behind the snowball meta, but you are not high elo, and more importantly neither are the people are you are playing with. Why is that important? Why does that change the strategy?   1) In high elo if a lane is "lost" they already know how to play it safe and focus on farming and staying alive. Your 0-2 lane will probably stay 0-2 until team-fights start and its best to go somewhere else where your ganks have a better chance of getting someone fed. In bronze, silver and to a lesser extent gold queue however, this is not the case. When you leave that bot lane alone it they will probably still try and be aggressive or still farm out in the middle of the lane. The enemy jungler will likely focus on that lane and rather than having a salvageable lane you have a 0-7 lane and a fed to shit enemy ADC and jungler. Chances are you lost the game at the point.   2) only gank if a lane actualy needs your help. A 4-0 top lane with a 2-3 level lead on their lane partner does not need you to secure a kill. They are already fed. Work on getting someone else on your team fed aswell.   3) babysitting can change the tide of a lane in lower elo where the other team isn't smart enough to rotate everyone down to that lane to deal with it. You have to be careful though as you don't want to bring more heat down on a losing lane.   I am certainly not saying that a lane losing is the junglers fault, I'm saying that if you are not high elo, and you expect your bot lane to "lose gracefully" and not just keep feeding the enemy kill after kill...you are going to have a bad time.
0	my opinion: Racism is bad period.  No one should treat other people like shit.  Regardless, there is deeply ingrained aspects of society that prevent many minorities from rising up in society, IN ADDITION to their other socioeconomic and personal hardships ( a lot of minorities grow up extremely poor, in abusive households and have to work multiple jobs like you or forced to turn to drugs because they can't get one).  Affirmative Action and the like just try to even the playing field.  If there wasn't institutional racism and disproportionate minority poverty it wouldn't be an issue, but it is.
1	MY THOUGHTS ON WARWICK   Problems:     The biggest problem is a lack of utility when it comes to ganking. He basically doesn't come out of the jungle before 6. (Hi Shyvana, you got company.) Lanes are already decided by then.     He doesn't clear the jungle super fast so he isn't a good jungle farmer (Bye Shyvana)     Other champions pull off what he does better... he is like the illegitimate child of Rengar and Atrox... a little bit of both  but lacking any CC (in other words he fails to set himself apart has having something special)     The tracking has no counterplay other than healing, and the toggle isn't that cool.       Goals:     Give Warwick something to set him apart from Rengar and Atrox.       Rengar is a hunter that leaps on his prey... Atrox sustains through last hitting... I see Warwick as the champion that just doesn't stop hunting you until one of you is dead.          I recommend a passive that makes all opponents leave a visible scent trail behind them (even invisible champions). It could only be visible to Warwick and a debuff icon could be shown to the enemy. The length of the trail could increase as the game goes on, so that he could track enemies for a longer time... perhaps you could give it an area of effect that increases throughout the game too. This would work out well because the counter is you could lead him into a bush where he gets ambushed... but from his perspective he could hunt down anyone if he moved fast enough.       Make ganking easier       Perhaps one of his spells lets him move significantly faster on "the trail"... so if the enemy flashes or uses an ability that does the same the trail is broken and it slows him up       I reference Killer Instinct.       You would rip into your opponent as the wolf type character with two buttons alternating between the two like they were claws and moving faster between them until suddenly you ripped him to shreds and sent him flying... I'd be fine with an ultimate that was triggered by alternating between two spells. <shrugs> So that there was a panic in the enemy to get away or stop you and a heart rushing push by you to trigger it as Warwick.       In the movies you have everyone running in terror from the relentless pursuit of the werewolf. He moves fast and to the ground leaping only at the end to finish off the victim. Perhaps he has an ability that lets him run on all four really fast and leap at the last second if he is on the trail.
0	Not OP of original, but i'm really good friends with this girl in the photo IN FACT i have been on one of her random travels she likes to do. When i met her I made fun of how rich she was since she got to travel all over the world all the time... Then I saw she lived in a semi-buttshit part of town (We live in scottsdale, so her middle-class home is like buttshit here) It's how you prioritize your spending, and she probably found a free ticket for this or something. She was always a little traveler, so her parents supported this, her brother does not do as much traveling as her at all, but she gets around quite a bit.
1	I feel like blakinolas videos have no values as they are just picking the important changes, marking them with a joke or a pun and then he continues with the next change.   These videos however really explain what they were thinking behind the changes and help players also to understand their roles better. For example scarra was talking about the fact that assassins have a hard time due to teams grouping up more often.   I know it is just my opinion, but I feel like if people wanted to learn from the patch notes, they should stay away from these
1	Our legal systems actually have more than just a rehabilitation aspect. It splits into 4 parts: -Retribution, not only for the victim, but in fact society at large that has been harmed by the crime. -Quarantine, in order to safeguard society from the negative behavior (of course due to smurfing not really enforceable in league, but at least here they can't compete). -Deterrence, which in this case is specifically towards other pros, seeing as many of them do serve as rolemodels to many players among us. -Rehabilitation, yes, there is this aspect, but 1 year seems like a fair amount of time for this to take place, IWDominate came back after his 1 year ban.   Given these 4 factors, I think the 1 year ban they received serves all the purposes of a modern legal system, at least from a liberal western perspective, and shouldn't be cut short. Positive behavior does deserve a just desert, but this should go to those that have always acted positively, not those that were punished and based on the punishment had an improvement in their actions. Also riot needs to punish pros specifically, because many players already feel that there is preferential treatment by riot towards pros, so them taking a strong stance is good overall.
0	From what I can tell it's a bit of a rubber band effect. They've had to act manly and "straight" all their lives, so especially when someone is fresh out of the closet, their personality "snaps" free, and goes all the way to the other side as a sort of defense mechanism. They don't want to be seen as straight anymore so they act like this so everyone can be goddamn sure they're not. And, again especially if you're a teenager, you'll find yourself making gay friends as well, and these gay friends will probably reinforce this idea of what a gay person should look and act like to each other.   I agree, it's an annoying cultural thing, but I have a certain understand for it, and I've noticed that most gay people I know grew out of it in their twenties, as they become more secure in their own sexuality. Most of them retain small qualities and quirks from that time, but that's the same way I still retain small tokens and ways of speech from my time as a punker. I might've grown out of it but it's still a part of me.
0	I really hate the fact that most of the conversation below your comment seems to ignore the fact that explanation isn't the same as excuse.   If an explanation is found, we can then decide if we believe the reason is a valid excuse for killing a dog... but if no explanation is found, then we don't know if an excuse even exists.
1	The whole POINT is that it takes no skill to completely fuck with these champs. You know what a balanced (sorta) high skill champ is? Vayne. Sure, if you're fed and REALLY mechanically skilled you can basically 1v3 lategame, but it actually takes being a really good player to get to that scenario. And you can still be bursted down if focused properly.   Lee Sin you just walk up to the enemy jungler at their red and firstblood them 80% of the time. You know what actually takes skill as Lee? Doing an inSec Q/Q+Ward/W+Kick and fucking their carry over. You know what the thing about that is, though? You don't even have to fucking do that cause you can just kill the carry in 2 secs if you land one Q on them even if you're going tank/bruiser.   LeBlanc was the same. Sure, if you can juke around and faker-outplay then you're a really good player. You know what sucked about pre-nerf LeBlanc? She can just fuck you from lvl 2 onwards with Q+W so that you can never do shit in lane, and then she just face-plants into the keyboard and kills you before you can even flash. High skill cap champs aren't meant to be brainless OP Freelo machines, they're  ACTUALLY SUPPOSED TO TAKE SKILL TO PLAY .   And what the fuck kind of argument is "so that high skill capped players can climb the ladder easier" <-- that? It's SUPPOSED to be hard to climb the ladder, because you're supposed to be GOOD to do it. If a champ gets nerfed doesn't that solve the division mobility better than anything else? Because a GOOD player will actually still know their shit with that champ, and the fucking trash is gonna be wondering why they can't faceroll you at lvl2 and find themselves 0/10 for some reason.
1	I don't think there's much you can do to convince them.  Once someone gets it in their head that it's the jungler's fault that they are losing/lost their lane, they will inevitably blame the entire outcome of their lane/game on you, regardless of what reason (good or bad) you have for not ganking their lane.  I've had plenty of games where a lane keeps the enemy pushed to their tower the entire laning phase, even when I ask them to let the enemy push so I can gank them, and then flames me for not ganking when they die.  I've had people towerdive their laner, die, and still blame me.  Best thing to do is simply ignore them.  Even if you state your reason for not ganking, they'll simply create a flimsy counterargument or outright reject your reason.  Usually when I try to explain why I didn't gank it gets them even more upset somehow.
1	Very true; While I agree that Sejuani is a little under-powered as she has no inherent tankiness she also has some fantastic strengths, including possibly the best ultimate in the game.   She might not be viable for professional tournaments but in solo queue it really doesn't matter as long as you know the character well.   Kayle was a "troll pick" until Dyrus dominated top lane with her too.
0	Worked the exact opposite for me. My parents required me to eat everything on my plate, or at least make a decent dent in it, before I was allowed to leave the table. They're both incredible cooks, but I was a dumb kid, so this proved problematic. It made me an incredibly picky eater because I reacted negatively to being forced to sit at dinner for two hours until I tried everything. I didn't start trying to broaden my culinary horizons until about a year ago.
0	I consider myself a funny guy, I can make people laugh.  I can joke about a lot of things.  But if I was homeless, and lucky enough to get to stay with my girlfriend from the kindness of her parents... I wouldn't joke about that one fucking bit!
0	Well, as adults, when you work, you pay into this thing called unemployment. You don't have a choice, you can't opt out of it. When you are out of work, since you payed into it, you get to draw off of it (if you happen to be eligible). When you get a job again, you go back to paying into unemployment.   Unemployment is there for when you are looking for more work. Your full time job, is to get a job. If we force people to work for unemployment, we are forcing them to work, for something they have already worked for.
1	she is a tanky bruiser. she can splitpush if needed (with hydra) or build to dive the enemy backline (botrk). depending on match up you can get away with rushing your offensive item if ahead but generally getting you sunfire (or situational visage) early is mostly foolproof. she sucks in the range department, ranged laners like elise or kennen/teemo should make her life hell in lane (elise kinda destroys her in lane). her strong points are lots of mixed damage (40%phys/60% magic iirc) that is hard to itemize against. I guess you can do q>e but e gives you that little bit of ranged aoe.
1	Elo Hell is simple - It is when you are good, even significantly better than people at your elo range, but is unable to win more than ~50% of your games, despite your superior skill-related performance.   You sure have spent a lot of time trying to rationalize away reality.   "Elo hell"  is  thinking you are better than you are.   Do you not realize that a vast majority of players atleast everywhere from 1300 and down  ALL  think that they are better than the people around them?   They're not. I'm not. You're not. You're better at different things and you suck at recognizing what you're bad at and what others are good / better than you at.
1	Winning botlane is huge, though. If you can win, and not like have a 15 cs advantage at 20 minutes, but like...win the shit out of your lane, you effectively remove 2 people from the enemy team. If your duo lane leaves lane up 6-1, you have a much greater impact than being a 6-1 midlane assassin or a jungler who managed to get his team into position to pick up 6 kills.   The jungler might be 2-1-4, but if those kills are spread out, that is a series of small victories spread over the whole team. But this is soloqueue. You don't snowball a 2k gold lead in soloqueue like the pros do. One or 2 deaths don't put you completely out of a game. They certainly aren't good, but you can just ward and be safer and back up and live and catch up.   If the midlaner gets 6 kills, they can surely oneshot someone, but they aren't the best at taking objectives. AP champions exist to fight other champions. AD midlaners are generally melee, so they run into some issues with taking towers that are contested as well. Unless they're a reset champion, they will likely only be flexing their lead on one or two people in a team fight.   A fed botlane is really scary, though. The ADC is one of the strongest roles after about 3 items. It is also the role that generally does worst in the experience department. The ADC will be fed at the expense of their direct opponents. The same isn't true of a roaming mid or a jungler. Mid can get shut down in lane and roam and get fed off of botlane. The enemy mid is still strong, though. Jungle can get fed a little off of every lane, but so can the opposing jungle. If an ADC gets fed in the laning phase, it is at the expense of the other teams ADC and support.   So the winning botlane might be level 12 when the solo lanes are level 13, and the losing botlane might be level 9. The winning botlane will also be an item ahead, at least. That means the 5-0-1 ADC will have a BT and Statikk Shiv compared to a BF sword and vamp scepter, which really isn't that useful.   The winning ADC will be able to dish out a ton of damage, especially if they can get an item or two before the other team's tanks get an item or two. The losing ADC will have 150 AD and .9 AS and no crit chance.   The winning support will have a vision advantage and quite possibly have a completed tank or damage item, giving even more to the team, while the enemy support will be relying on a level 1 ultimate to make things happen.
1	Sigh. All they really need to do is make it so anyone that got into Challenger at any point in S3 gets the rewards. That way this issue is solved. Lets face it if you got into the top 50 at any point in the season you deserve it.   However, this does look more and more like a revision needs to be made to the system for solo queue in S4, particularly the Challenger tier.
1	I'm a top laner, and he still pulls of the "wheree'd he go" thing on me.   Shen, top, got that spirit visage going on, all up in that level 10, got that shield on, mmm, yeah...   LB, DFG, level 8. apply DFG, Q, W, R, E - wait, no, he's dead already, the E just went right past the corpse. That is the problem here. I mean, I have the minor magic resist, but I only get 20 more from the other item that gives me it, and as far as I'm concerned, on any other AP assassin, the amount of lategame MR I have allows me to keep on trucking through their combo.   But LB is just downright insane. My midlaner friend says "Annie counters LB", I explain that she has a double silence, a snare with no skill required to land it, tons of mobility, and then the ability to just as easily re-activate said mobility to walk away like nothing happened.   He denies it. So we play some drafts. sixth game, LB mid. Whaddya know. He goes Annie, tells me to watch him stomp.   And so, he fights her at lvl 1, and then plays passive at lvl 2 - 5, as lvl 2 is when LB is strongest, he says. I'd agree there, her silence, and ability to poke you for absolutely free without you having god mechanics is there. So he gets lvl 6. LB gets it right after. I didn't see, as I was busy playing my own lane, but he says she ended up using Q, then then R, then W and E, and he couldn't do jack because of silence.   He had under 10 kills that game, and over 10 deaths. And I told him that LB was in fact an assassin and anti-mage at the same time, because of her silence, and the fact that just getting one silence proc usually meant your death, as it was either proc'd by her W, or Her R mimicking Q, which means double silence, and probably also death.
1	I used to enjoy watching Phantom's stream but it's a simple fact he rages and flames way too much.  I've seen him argue for strange picks at champ select and demanding picks, while his teammates are picking  in  order and following the standard meta.   Then he'll pick anything he wants and instructs his "student" to do the same because "Hey, I'm fucking phantom lord and I'm giving this dude lessons, and you guys are fucking lucky to have us carry you.  Now let me put on a Seether song and have my goatee carry you."  Only to get out-laned and blame his teammates.   When it goes well sure it's fun to watch sometimes, but when it doesn't you should prepare yourself to hear excuses the whole time regardless of who's fault it is and that's where the frustration comes in for me while Im watching.
1	The fix that you're asking to be done on Targon's (reset the timer if you attack) pretty much means that during the majority of your lane phase, you would never be able to benefit from it.  It's just like Ashe's passive.  You'll never gain critical strike chance because the effect simply resets the stack timer every time you attack, which you normally would be doing while CSing and trading.   In lane, you last hit.  There's 6 minions per wave plus the additional cannon minion on every second wave.  With both teams trying to get CS and trade you're pretty much always attacking.  If you ask for the timer to be reset upon every attack, you would absolutely never get a stack unless you roam or base.  It's absolutely the stupidest idea you could ask for to "fix" this item.
0	When I went into labor with my first child, my water broke on the floor. Anyone who's had a child can tell you it is not technically "water" but a substance that dries to a crunchy consistency on carpet. So that night after baby is born, my husband goes home to clean it up and finds dog eating it.
0	Are we suggesting that any time a journalist uses Reddit as a source, that's "lazy"? Or are we talking about specific examples of journalists who almost exclusively get content from Reddit?   If it's the former, I hope you're all aware of the irony of complaining about "stealing" from a site that is almost exclusively links to content on other sites itself. If it's the latter, then yes, relying primarily on one source is pretty lazy journalism, but I'd be curious to hear about where people have seen this happening, as it certainly doesn't seem like a widespread issue in my experience.
0	I had a...strange experience when I went to watch MoS. The theatre was packed and this family of 6 (consisting of a mom, dad, grandpa, grandma and 2 kids) got there late. There was one seat next to me and the grandpa took it, the seat in front of him in the next row was taken by the one of the kids. The mom found a seat somewhere else with the grandma and the dad sat on the floor with the other kid because they didn't want to be stuck in the very front row.   About half an hour goes by and I really had to pee. I tried to tough it out but couldn't bear it so I went to the bathroom. When I got back, something was off. My friend who sat next to me was gone (I found out later he went to the bathroom after me) and my seat was suddenly occupied...by the grandma. Neither the grandpa nor the grandma spoke a lick of English and me, wanting to just sit and enjoy the movie, just took my friend's seat.   5 minutes later my friend comes back. He looks at the grandparents, looks at me and asks what's going on. I told him she took his seat. He accepted defeat and ended up sitting on the ground.   Thankfully the mother came and told the grandma it was wrong to steal seats and forced her to leave. She ended up taking the poor kid's seat in front of the grandpa and he had to sit on the ground with his dad and sister.   Who in their right mind thinks its okay to take someone elses seat in a  packed  movie theatre?
0	The meme is only meant to describe OP's situation.  He didn't say that all women are like this, just the women in his family.  In fact, OP made a comment that "Maybe it's just families".   I know that when I go to my sister's for Christmas and my mom and dad say "Well, we better get going" that my mom will then talk to my sister for a good 20 minutes.  Happens every year.  I don't hate them for it.  It's just something that happens.  As such, I can relate to this meme and chuckle accordingly.  I'm sure there are women out there who saw the meme and thought "Oh God, my brothers are the exact same way".
1	Basically, Riot will not update the client because they would lose money, and also even if they did make a new client they probably wouldn't be able to implement things they should've implemented years ago, like built-in replay system and more.
0	Very good question - it also clicked for me quite nicely. I'm not sure why people struggle with it so much. It's a little bit more abstract than gen chem was. Though you really don't deal with numbers if you have done well in upper level math I think you'll do we'll in ochem. I felt that people struggled with approaching a problem and then applying principles in order to solve it as opposed to just using some formula they memorized? It's hard for me to express that thought well in writing.   I mean, it's a lot of information, sure. The course (mine did anyway, we had short semesters) tends to move quickly. But I really feel that if you approach the class with the goal of understanding the principles/concepts you'll do fine. You learn about a specific relation -  why/how it works the way it does  - then if you got the concept/principles you should be able to solve anything similar with different molecules in the future. Like calculus, you learn principles and the apply them to equations you've never seen before on the exam but because you know that math it's all no big deal. Same with ochem. You learn the chemistry and then where there is a foreign question on exam you just approach it with the principles and its a piece of cake. Same thing goes with calculus based physics, I suppose.   Oh, and it'll help if you are good at visualizing three dimensional objects in your head. You'll see :)
1	Ok so I typed this up for a different person asking the exact same question so I thought it was worth repeating. Without further ado lets get into the mix (because if you are out of the mix then you are out of the loop, &amp;amp;lt;3 Dunkey)     Kennen - one of the strongest top lane champions at the moment, while he does have a high skill cap (managing his energy, landing skill-shots, timing AA's to proc passive and generally being a squishy champ who gets up in close range) he is extraordinarily helpful as a team-fighter as his ultimate can turn around a game almost as well as a good fiddles ulti, with more inherent safety due to stuns. Both Ad and AP Kennen are very strong as top laners and counter a wide variety of common top laners. AP is very strong against melee bruisers and AD is very situational but is considered a very good counter to bruiser nidalee.     Shen - somewhat of a flavor of the month since his recent buffs however Shen remains a very strong laner and allows for a team comp with a squishier jungle (shaco, riven) the strongest way to utilize his kit is to split push hard and use your ultimate to join team fights at middle. This technique allows for the ability to control the enemies positioning to some degree and adds a level of safety to your team. Very good with a late game hyper carry (vayne, kog-maw) ulti in for dragon fights from top lane for 4v5? Alright!     Renekton - this is a personal favorite and there has been some contention on his effectiveness late game, however I find him to be an insanely strong laner (extreme lane dominance from level three as well as being one of the strongest champions under tower, yours or theirs. Great at tower-diving and surviving tower dives. Dat ulti bait) if you are curious about watching some strong Renekton play then I would check out Shampu on YouTube. Great 2200 Elo Renekton player. Starting dorans, phage brutaliser work for end game with Maw of Malmortius, Frozen Mallet, Brutalizer, Atmas, Guardian Angel and boots of choice. Really really fun to play.     Riven - A very strong early game lane dominator. I find her to be on equal grounds with renekton but I have been able to win that matchup either way. Max her Q first for most damage, W first if you want be able to more safely trade, or E first if you are losing your lane. I really like her with heal ignite to further win the lane early. Makes you a boss in 1v1.     Vlad - a strong pick for double AP top. Good AoE damage in team fights and very strong sustain once you get hex tech revolver and around level 7. A bit weak early game and not as good as Kennan for dealing with melee champs, but as long as you can zone them a bit and farm you will be a terror late game. Very strong when he hits level 9.     Rumble - another great choice for an AP top laner. A great bully champion with a lot of versatility in build style. Has a lot of damage over time that can surprise people particularly early game. Slow>flamespitter>second slow>ignite does massive damage. Then when you get to 6 lay down that ulti in their path. With a hextech revolver he can turn around getting ganked into double kills spectacularly if they decide to tower dive you. Shield + E and R slow keeps you from dying and has tower do tons of damage. His ultimate is great in the jungle and synergizes fantastically with other AOE ultimates.     Nidalee - both bruiser and AP. AP is my build of choice as it is how I first learned to play her. If you can have your team pick a team that is very strong in 4v5s or can peel well then an AP Nidalee can fit fantastically. Amazing ability to move around the map as well as split push. One of the best tower siegers in the in the game in my opinion. Works really well with a Kennen mid lane to allow for you to take blue buffs (very mana dependent, this can be lessened by going RoA first but I prefer building death cap into lichbane straight away after a few dorans rings.) Max heal first on both AD and AP and learn matchups. Bringing an AP nidalee into a game when the enemy is expecting AD can give you a great advantage.     Gangplank - I still really like Gangplank as a top laner despite a shift away from mana based top lane champions. He provides such strong team supporting abilities while scaling great into late game as well as punishing champions with weak early games. (gangplank can absolutely dominate Wukong and does quite well against Vladamir.) Lolpro.com has a very strong top lane gangplank build at the moment that I would recommend you check out. My personal preference is running him with both heal and ignite for very strong dualing capabilities. When ganked, orange out and have your fingers ready on heal and you should be fine particularly with good warding/map awareness which as a 1700 player I'm sure you have. Can still snowball very well and free assists across map with ulti. Still very strong while definitely better as a counter pick.       And finally     Lee-Sin -  Keeps getting small nerfs, continues to be one of the strongest champions in game. Amazing sustain with Safe-guard/Iron will, great killing potential with Q + ignite + R. Can stay sustained against almost any lane. My build of preference is boots + 3, dorans x2, phage, bloodthirster, Frozen Mallet into situational, randuins omen is extremely strong.      As a last idea, try Spamhappy's Poppy. So much fun to play as well as being surprisingly strong. Her passive is actually amazing and massively tilts enemy tower dives in your favor. The less tanky you build her the more use you are getting out of her passive (source: Math).   Anyways I wrote an insane amount. Hope some of this helps you. Not sure how coherent I was being as it is very late here.
0	Within Christian mythology it's a huge shift in direction, you are absolutely correct. However, the reason for the shift in direction I believe has much to do with Judaism losing power/influence while that region was occupied by the Roman Empire. The old testament writings for the most part were about a nation of people who had many successful war campaigns and conquered a decent amount of land. It also talks about the exploits of mighty kings who had Yahweh, the war god of Judea and Israel, at their side. All in all the Old Testament is about a nation of people who had the power of the god of gods supporting them.   During the reign of the Roman Empire, Israel was not the mighty nation it had once been. Many Jews would have been a lower class and therefore much poorer/powerless, than their Roman counterparts. It could have been possible that a few people within Judaism, began a new movement, or perhaps multiple movements that preached salvation for the meek and oppressed, rather than beating the war drums or sounding the horns of triumph as was seen in the old testament.   The New Testament has an overlying theme of hope for the weak. The Jesus figure was not a powerful king by earthly standards; he was just a handyman by trade. He was a figured who recognized his lowly position in society, as well as, the position most of his followers in that society. He preached patience, non-violence, forgiveness of your transgressors/oppressors, and that those who lived a good life loving God and being satisfied with what they had, would find salvation and happiness after death.   If you look at the history of that area of the world, in particular the history of the Hebrew people in that part of the world, you see a nation that was once a powerful force, but had their power stripped from them twice. Once by the Babylonians and once by Rome. The Old Testament and New Testament, aside from being fairly historically inaccurate(wrong dates, wrong leaders,etc), do for the most part reflect the time when they were supposed to have been written.   Admittedly, some of this is my own speculation. However, it is not unreasonable for the history of those people to be reflected in their holy books. Many other religious mythologies do the same thing.
0	Or like us, the more likely you won't actually be able to have a child. If you are a woman and you want to delay kids until you're over 35 you should look into having your eggs frozen.   My wife and I delayed things and enjoyed travelling when we were in our 20s and early 30s. Had our first child at 38. Mild autism. Couldn't have a second child on our own so we adopted.   People may say we were selfish or stupid or whatever. We frankly just didn't know. We assumed we'd have plenty of time for kids and of course they'd be healthy.  How many women (or guys for that matter) understand what the true age range for a woman's egg production is? Who's seen the chart for the incidence of birth defects/autism due to parental age?   I'm not whining about my own life. Kid #1 has mensa-level IQ is really into science and math and is interesting and fun. He does have his issues. Kid #2 is great too. He's a rough-and-tumble little bruiser who will be into sports.   But drawbacks from waiting?     Kid #2 won't get as much time with grandparents that I'd like to give him.   Grandparents didn't get much time with grandkids   Grandparents are too old to babysit.    Wife is annoyed when people assume she's grandma   I may not live to see grandkids myself   Hard to keep up with the youngsters.     So the
0	I'd always used those cheap disposable razors for in the shower use (pubes) and a straight razor for my facial hair.   One day my girlfriend at the time offered to do my shower shaving, which obviously I didn't object to because shaving balls sucks. She used her fancy pink razor, and that day I learned that there are specific razors for shaving lady-parts and they are INCREDIBLE.
0	Yeah I did too, I thought it was really well done. As a sci-fi movie it was an interesting story, I mean it was long, and drawn out. But regardless I found it to be one of the few newer Sci-Fi movies that didn't throw constant screen shaking action & CG-I in my face. I felt it was tastefully done, and I even enjoyed both of the lead characters. I felt they acted quite well and their characters were believable. I honestly enjoyed the movie. I was surprised at the end when I noticed it was an M Night Shamalamadingdong flick, but I got it afterwards and noticed how much of his style the movie had. I have no problem with his style though. I don't really get the hate on him, and honestly don't get the hate on Will Smith's kid. He wasn't a bad actor, I guess people hated the character he played. I dunno
0	Actual chef here. The last time I cooked for my family who lives 5 states away, I was making simple rice pilaf to go with whatever my dad was grilling up. Totally mixed up the stock to rice combo and made this gross gruel. I've been making rice the same way for 16 years of my life.
1	Default is usually Lizard for any jungler that isn't full tank right now since it's just that gold efficient and it still offers the conservation passive.   Problem with Xin Zhao is that you need to walk up your target to do anything, compound that with the fact that pretty much every commonly played champion has some sort of dash and it makes Xin fairly useless. Compound that to the fact that, if he fails to snowball, he jumps in and proceeds to die extremely quickly, and Xin is pretty bad at the moment.   I won't say he's without strengths however, he clears decently and obviously deals massive damage. (Provided he sticks to his target)
1	I'd like to weigh in on this as a Magic the Gathering competitor - (specifically talking about Standard here)   In MtG, Wizards releases a new banned/restricted list on a strict schedule: 4 times per year.  New sets are released at about the same rate (though these two never happen at the same time on purpose).  When the new sets come out, the older sets also rotate OUT.   This is basically the equivalent of Riot releasing five new champions at once, 3-4 times per year, then only having one path between each release.  Tournaments would be held with only specific champion pools of 20-30 champs + a core ~10-15 that are always available.   The effects of this schedule are basically that a new metagame forms every set release.  There is huge variance in every tournament.  New metagames encourage old players who stopped playing to join back in because a similar archetype is back, and there is a much lower amount of knowledge necessary to understand the entire meta.   The positive effects for RIOT should they implement this:     More new champion sales.  Since more champs will be viable in tournaments, more will sell.   More viewers for tournaments.  People will tune in just to see what new cool stuff the pros come up with, not just to see the same thing every time.   Tournaments which value creativity combined with skill over raw skill.  This deepens the mental aspect of the game and will create a whole new breed of tournament players, meaning more pros for RIOT to benefit from.
0	Then there's that mermaids thing. It's existence is painful.   EDIT: Just to clarify why it's baloney.  We know with absolute certainty that "primates" (the group containing humans, chimps, gorillas, and anything else with humanoid arms, hands, and opposable thumbs) did not evolve directly from fish. The first species remotely monkey-like to evolve had left the aquatic world centuries, possibly millennia before.  (Guesswork here- really have no idea on the millennia part.)   It's worth noting that having hands and a humanoid torso would be horribly impractical for fast movement, and completely unnecessary for any aquatic diet.  However, the factor that truly dispels this possibility, is the idea of a mammal and a  fish  evolving to have such similar traits, having diverged on the evolutionary tree so long ago.
1	I dont think it is a sport, but that doesnt make it any less official or legit. Trying to push eSports as a sport is just going to alienate a huge number of diehard athletic sports fans, I think its a much better idea to just let eSports evolve naturally and let the massive viewerbase and prize  pools speak for themselves.   If we try to force it into classic sports channels like espn its just going to piss off a whole lot of people, while not really affecting the people who already watch it on their computers. Which is the wrong way to go about getting people to accept something that is already reasonably stigmatised.
1	This type of QQing reminds me of Blizzard fanboy rage.  Anytime Palladins were nerfed, they'd all rage on the forums and threaten to quit.  Blizzard would at first give a very corporate response, reiterating the reasons for the nerfs, but after a few more days of fan-boy rage and unsubscribing threats, they'd give another corporate response, which detailed a few issues they'd encountered with the nerfs, so they would be buffing Palladins to fix it.  The Palladins would then boast and gloat on the forums about how they were right all along.  This same process happened everytime the servers went down on Tuesday and came back up later than expected.  Thousands of posts would flood the forums.  People has missed a raid and were unsubscribing because of it.  People had called off work for some special ingame play date, but now they'd be switching to swtor, where the hot gamer girls were.  I mean, just anytime anything happened which inconvenienced a Blizzard fan, they took up arms and threatened to burn Anaheim to the ground and kill themselves afterwards.   Granted, Blizzard's PR was pretty frustrating to live with, but mostly because they used a corporate lexicon, which dodged apology and responsibility for issues.  But I think this hyper-defensive stance was actually a reaction to fanboy rage.  They had to be guarded, or fanboys might gain access to even more brand damaging intelligence.   I'm bringing this up because I'm concerned about rage against a company which is still open with its fan base.  RIOT makes mistakes and typically owns up to them.  This is not a common trait among gaming companies.  Now, in the case of the official ref outright rejecting evidence and testimonials of rampant cheating throughout the tournament, we're looking at a defensive posturing where a RIOT employee is either blatantly lying to us or denying us an explanation for why they've decided to let the cheating slide.  This is definitely "uncool" and I'd like to see a better more honest response from a riot spokesman at the very least.  Still, it's not a massive issue, just one that deserves attention.  The Internet issues on the other hand are not that big of a deal.   Well, they were a rather huge deal actually, but I see no reason, as a fan, to make an even bigger deal out of them.  RIOT lacked a degree of foresight in a novel endeavor and apologized to the players and the fans for their blunder.  We can all still be upset about our experiences, but raging at riot endlessly and threatening to quit the game over our frustrating evening is both childish and counterproductive.  The better reaction would be to voice concerns, inquire about what the actual technical issues were, and offer up suggestions on what might have made the experience easier on us.   For example, I think updates on the LoL frontpage and their twitter should have been offered more frequently.  There were a few crashes where nobody outside of the people at the live event knew what was happening.  That's hundreds of thousands of fans sitting in front of dead streams wondering if they have time to go out for more beer or not.  Let me tell you that this was a serious dilemma for me up until I remembered I had left three bottles in my crisper for some reason.  But increasing the frequency of communication with stream viewers is just one idea.   The OP gave two other ideas regarding how to prevent crashes like this in the future (before he raged out and quit the game).  I'm sure the casters from last night would suggest having backup casters to sub for them for at least 10-15 minute breaks here and there when technical issues like this cause games to go down.  Were Deman and Jatt even allowed a bathroom break during their 9 hour castathon?  And the players as well.  Food breaks?  Psychological counseling after having to restart hour long games where victory was very likely?  Massages?   I don't know.  I just feel like raging about how this is some massive unforgivable failure is a great way to be poisonous to a fun game, a great community, and the future of ESports.  We can either participate in and contribute to ESports' evolution or we can spit on it.  In sum, this is our culture, and I'd rather see it stay civilized.   The
0	Wow. You are a total asshat. Starting your comment of with "Look" as if you are some one who has any credible standings. You are a dude on the internet so shut your mouth. Then you go on to spew more shit as if you are king, "TRUST ME" he says. I am a random guy on the internet, TRUST ME. Shut up you bigot. Then you go on talking about earning respect like you are some outstanding individual, look at your username, you're clearly some jackass. Most likely one of those assholes who likes to tip toe the line of legal and illegal and tries to be a smart ass to the cops while they try to do there best job serving and protecting and have to deal with your sorry ass.
1	Buying items that only give worthwhile stats by getting absurdly ahead whilst also causing you to loose 1/3 of those stats from a SINGLE death.   [Sidenote] Mejai's is insanely common for mid laners to use in the Chinese meta.
1	I got the same feeling: I'm primarily duoQ'ing with a friend of mine, and we constantly lose one, win one, lose one, win one etc.   Until we had a win streak of about 5, in which we both got promoted (I got promoted to Platinum IV).   He wasn't online for 2 days, so I started playing SoloQ instead. Guess what? Won 2 and got to 42 LP. What happened next is just... :O...   Lost 1 game due to trolling in champ select (banning pre-called champions, not mine though). Lost another game from SUPER toxic players (get **ncer and stuff like that). So I was back down to 0 LP.   Had one more game in which we had 2 premades, flaming constantly for the first 15 minutes. After that, they seemed to have been brainwashed and started talking as if we were a super pro team (really, they were talking as if noone had flamed). Even though it was a it too late (we were 14-33 by that time) and ofcourse lost that game... Resulting in me demoting from Plat IV to Plat V within 3 games in Plat IV...
1	As Renekton, you should never outright die to a Cho Gath alone in lane. If you dodge his skill shots, and remain careful of his ultimate when you have low HP, you won't have any trouble.   That said, Cho Gath won't die so easily after some time in lane, and after getting some items. Levels 1-5 should easily be in your favor, even if he started heavy armour runes. But once he gets a chain vest and starts stacking his ult, the lane becomes a farm fest, so you will require help from your jungler to bring him down.
0	Personally, I'm all for choice. Im not some random woman who is carrying a child. I have no idea what that feeling is like, or what bad things can come of it, its gotta be one hell of an experience.   However, I do kind of believe that having an abortion is ending a life before it can begin. That doesn't mean im out there trying to stop it from being allowed though. Its just a huge situation and if it were to be something in my relationship that had to be an option for one reason or another, I'd want a long talk about the gravity of the decision.   What bothers me, however, is that the other side calls itself "pro life", as if the other just wants to have abortions for the hell of it. Its just funny that apparently "pro life" doesn't include the lives of the people making the decisions. In the end, its just about them enforcing their belief on you.
0	You are correct - however, if you have 200ish DVD's, 20-30 blue rays, and an extensive music and picture collection - a media box with streaming capacity (to the rest of your networked devices) is probably the better option in the long term.   One, storage - being able to toss on new dvd's / blue rays / digitally obtained media / music onto it and leave and forget it is awesome.   Then there is the dual purpose it can have. File backup and media - It does not need to be limited to JUST storing media, it can also be a device you can backup files to. You could even set it up as an always on device that you can remotely stream from, or access files from wherever you are - so in case you forgot a slide show you were presenting, you could potentially just grab it from the server and be good to go.   Using your current workstation could work - but does it have an extra 3-4 TB of space? Do you really want to put all your eggs in one basket? Will it stream to your console? Do you have a console? What else do you want to use it for - or could you use it for? Is the money going to be worth the investment?
1	That was negate the purpose of Shen and many other good split pushers. That'll change so much of the meta right now with teams using their split pushers to gain advantage while the main team sieges. Like what just happen in IPL Faceoff with TSM vs Orbit; Dyrus (Shen)/ TheOddOne (Shyvana) split pushed while the main team sieged.
0	To be fair this is nice and all but its not good for business, it can outweigh the pros of lower labour turnover and the higher motivation for straight overheards.   It can spell the end of businesses to use this practice.   The trouble also is that if it ever couldn't happen then it can destroy motivation and expectations of the staff to a point that its more detrimental than the benefits it was giving.
1	it depends on your style of play, i dont think one really is any better than the other   ap can insta kill one person, great assassin, but unreliable with spells on cd and fairly squishy without her ult...plays similar to sion, in that your gonna run in, stun someone, bust your load on some unlucky fucker, then run away till you can do it again   ad cant insta kill someone, but puts out amazing sustained damage and is way more tanky...personally i build tri-force infin-edge, then randuins or whatever other tanky stuff i need...mid game, i would compare her to irelia in how strong she is with triforce, great, though relatively smaller, burst and great sustain...late game she is able to initiate without ult, take all the focus cause her tankiness, ult at half health to all of a sudden be unkillable, and just sits in the middle of the fight killing everything...for this reason, i love ad poppy
0	Hero inflation is one of many such dilutions we're slapped in the face with these days. Another one is weather inflation. The other day I saw a weather guy on CNN standing in about an inch of snow and a little flurry around him saying, "and the snow just keeps coming down - it's absolutely nuts out here." I thought, shit, ten years ago this would be less than a nuisance and nobody would even notice - we called it winter.   But then I thought, well, maybe I shouldn't go with the negative "in  my  day..." I thought, maybe it's better that people aren't out sliding their cars into each other and busting their asses just to go to work. They can work online for a day. We're all just a little safer than we used to be. Good.   So, "in  my  day" you were drafted into the service and there was nothing particularly heroic about it. But you could become a  war   hero  by doing something valiant. Still, the public wasn't as big on war heroes in Viet Nam as in WWII for a host of reasons. Well, the good side of hero inflation, now as opposed to then, is that you don't  have  to go into the military, and getting your ass blown to shit in combat is no longer the norm in our society. I hope against hope (and against human nature) that this is a small sign of global progress towards civilization. Why not hope that, at least.
1	In the closet thinking like this is why people get stuck in certain elos. A million examples.   NO ONE used to max W on Ezreal. Then the Asians started doing it, then it slowly emerged into NA. Ezreal was considered Shit tier too. Ori was also not used at all a few tourneys a go, save for the guys who played her since inception. Then Rumble came out of no where.   DFG used no NEVER be bought except on Viegar. Then it became a must haev on any AP champ. Hell, it became the only ingredient to make a champ AP. Haunting Guise too.   Hurricane is pretty damn cheap for 70 Attack speed and splash. That's a Nunu. So the situations comes to either, "Am I being creeped blocked a lot? Do they have a large front line so I can help melt them all at once? Or do I just need the crit to do any damage?"   Flat out, It's a snowball item. When you get ahead, stay ahead. And that gives the most attack speed early on.   And the Inverse, Rylias is an expensive buy, and most pro players say there is hardly a situation where they would purchase it at all. And yet people still buy that.
0	I was given Ritalin in 3-5th grade. increased dosage a few times. Id take it after lunch. after taking it id get a headache like no other and want to go directly to sleep. Which I did. After lunch was book time and the teacher would read and my mind would imagine the craziest shit from the words I was hearing until I dozed off then had crazy 'dreams'. I'd almost venture to say that if I didn't take Ritalin for 3 years I may not smoke as much maryjane as I do. Not that the amount I smoke is bad I just know that there's times ill smoke for no reason at all. And I know my brain wants a higher level high but I ain't about to give into that shit. Not after being on Ritalin for 3 years and taking 1/2 a sobaxin(idk how to spell it) synthetic heroin when I did weekend jail, I ain't fuckin with that. I think ill stick to the blunts and bowls. Everyone has some dependencies non-tax related haha but any dependency in my honest opinion can be controlled
1	Thats true, but in my experience there are always people who can speak English with varying degrees of fluency in games on euw, even the people who dont speak English are able to say something along the lines of 'sry I not speak English' whereas eune, the best you'll get is 'lucker dog' and the occasional 'I fuck your mother'.
0	it was really a combination of her insecurity, me not being able to express emotions, and just overall being a jerk. She didn't believe me when i complimented her, thought i was just trying to get in her pants. instead of being persistent and reassuring her that i REALLY liked her. I got fed up and just went along with what she accused me of. Id poke fun at her, knowing she was really insecure about certain things. It made her feel like shit. but she had tough skin and really liked me so shed just brush it off. Then she started getting really detached, she never let me know how bad i was hurting her. but it got to the point where she just didn't feel the same.   I think the worst part of it is, she still doesn't know how much i adore her. It feels like one of those movies where the guy loses the girl then has to do something really embarrassing to get her back. i know i probably shouldn't even be thinking about getting her back right now, but shes truly the only one I want.
0	I puked on my second 5k on the last 70 yards. I just kept on running, needless to say it went everywhere. I also puked more after I crossed the finish line.
1	It wasn't the double AP comp, it was just the combination of champs they picked. They had ok disengage and decent pick potential with an awful teamfight. The combination of champs had 0 synergy. Their only decent chance would have been sieging, but that doesn't work vs a team with such solid hard engage.
0	Hard to know for sure unless your a lawyer or a cop though.   Do you think cops and lawyers have secret knowledge? I would think that children, like you, who have grown up with the Internet would intuitively look up any answers you don't know, but for some reason you don't/can't.   Cops can't interfere with a contract (aka civil matters) and those has to be dealt with by the court system and there is tons of documentation all over the Internet to back that up.
0	My law friend postulated that it is because a submitted resume is not a binding contract.  You could lie and they could not later terminate you for this.  However, if you fill out a form online and agree that everything on this form is correct, then there are grounds for termination later.  I'm not sure how much truth there is to it, but it does make some sense.
1	Depends very much on the champion you run. Riven scales very well with AD because of her ratios+the passive, whereas Kayle will want a lot of AS, as her range ability gives a flat amount of damage and you want to attack as often as possible while it's up.   Just look at the champions' base damage, scaling, if they deal magic or physical damage etc really. Most of the time the best rune choice becomes obvious with some experience. And if it doesn't you can always look up some Pros' pages ingame or on Lolking.net.   If you only want to optimize for the jungle, 12 ArmorPen (on champions that run ArmorPen!) is usually enough, as it allows you to deal true damage to the vast majority of creeps. More ArmorPen might still be a good choice to deal more damage to champions, especially on Junglers that can build Brutalizer (e.g. Nocturne).   Example : On Shyvana, I personally run flat AD Reds+Quints and Attackspeed Blues. A lot of her early game damage is her W and it deals magic damage (so Armor Pen is useless). Her abilities scale with AD and can be used more often with enough Attackspeed. She gets Magic resist from her Ult's passive and I usually get Mercs and Wit's End early, so I don't necessarily need MR Runes.
1	This is only 4min of whine without offering any kind of solution and with overstating the bad things about solo queue.   Yeah sure sometimes you will get shitty teammates or afk'ers  but  and this is important:   If you're a good player you will statistically win more games then lose and that is a fact. The more games you play the more true this statement gets.
1	Wow. All of the crap I've seen about Nintendude and people showing proof of his "true colors" makes me sad. Shit, we've all done stupid stuff, made stupid responses in the heat of the moment and come to regret it. Fair enough, NDude has been an ass, but everyone can be, and just because he may be a hypocrite or ignorant of his mistakes doesn't mean everyone should take a shit on him. The only difference between him and other people is that his mistakes are saved forever on the internet. We ALL can be total asses whether we intend to or not, and seeing people (Especially randoms who have no relationship/history with him whatsoever) critique his past is just disheartening.
1	Long story short, no. There are too many smurfs and flamers to make this fun for someone who legitimately wants to learn. It'll be downright frustrating unless you find friends to play with. The majority of the existing players are terrible when it comes to new players. I can't imagine enjoying the game when people constantly expect you to play on a veteran's level.
1	But as for the reasons the koreans/chinese do this.,I doubt they have any personal quells but rather quells with the korean government. We still haven't got an apology for ww2 or japans time in korea when they enslaved the whole population desteoyed the culture and language and raped tortured and killed the people.   They don't hate all japanese it is more that they have immense anger at the government and will take end up taking it out on innocent people ie the japanes lol community
1	1000 RP isn't even a lot of RP. Get a fucking job and get the RP yourself. You don't have to support the company who makes your game. People run the company you oh so love and adore and support. People make mistakes and out of all the time they have been up, they make 1 notable mistake for their service.   Grow the fuck up and move on. I'd rather sit in a queue waiting to play and have champions than have only free champions (none of which I even like to play)
1	If you think that you waste your time when you lose a match, then i recommend you to not play league of legends, or any other PvP-game. By the nature of any pvp-game your winrate will be ~50%, so do you rly want to play a game in which you will be mad every 2nd game?   people just have bad games, you have them as well. They dont do it intentionally, but sometimes the enemy is just better or you try to make a flashy play but execute it wrong or make another mistake. How does that justify you to insult other people? After all everyone is here to have fun, no matter if you win or lose.   > why play ranked if you're stupid? -- ranked is meant to be for the elite.   If ranked is meant to be for the elite, then everyone below challenger would have stop to play. ranked is just a competitive mode, that will match you with people on your level (yes the 0-4 feeder has the same mmr as you) but other than in normal or draft, it will also show you your personal improvement with the league system.   Its not an elite-gamemode in any way.
0	Another interesting distinction or fun fact.  That is, if I recall my doctrine correctly (exmormon.... wow, it's been 24 years.)   Mormorns believe that the members of the traditional trinity are 3 distinct persons (or rather personages in the mo lingo). And so...   Celestial: God the Father watches over this kingdom and ministers to the people there who attain an exalted state like god himself. Like growing into full potential of spiritual adulthood. But requires rites of passage others have mentioned (whether done in life of in proxy after death).   Terrestrial: While calling the Celestial his home, Jesus the Christ will minister to the people here. Basically, any reasonably good person on earth will be in an awesome place with an occasional visit from Jesus (whether they believed in him or not.) For many Christians, this is sort of exactly what they are hoping and praying for. I hear it's nice.   Telestial: The Holy Spirit (aka Holy Ghost) will minister to people here, although he will have been given a physical body at that point, like all of god's children. Sort of like your conscience personified and being your pastor, I guess. It's important to not that that this is where liar, cheaters, thieves, etc end up. So like others have said, it's still a "heaven" and level of glory... just with like minded souls to keep you company. Mormons who just turn their back, not on the church but on just being a good human end up here just like other pricks of humanity.   Outer Darkness: To get here you needed to have been one of Satan's followers before Earth, or have had to KNOW (i.e 100% fact in god and his plan for mankind, as is seeing an angel or something like that... which you really can't deny... but do anyway.)   Fun Fact: People from higher levels can visit lower levels. So you may not be with all of your family all the time. You can still visit that dickhead sociopath of a cousin in the Telestial Kingdom.
0	I was diagnosed with ADD in the 3rd grade. My mom took the advice of this duck. "If he could learn the secrets to his Nintendo games, he could learn his times tables". Plus, she's an anti-chemical/science/logic hippie-type person.   The result?   Years of bad grades and constantly getting in trouble for it. The bad grades in JHS led to a lack of empathy for the education process. I mean, if I'm stupid and can't learn the material, then why even try? This attitude carried on through high school where I got straight C's. (A massive step up from the four F club I was a part of in JHS. Failing four classes in a row). Since I was in LAUSD (Los Angeles Unified School District), I was pushed along. My mom actually forced the school to put me back a grade when I got a D in the 4th grade. So I had to repeat the 4th grade, because I was having a hard time learning, because I had ADD that my mom wouldn't medicate.   This is the worst advice ever. I grew up to be successful in the entertainment industry, but it wasn't easy, and I started medicating when I was 27. I always think about how much farther I could be right now if I was properly medicated. I'm heavily interested in science, and have drive, so I could have been a scientist finding out new stuff. Who knows? If there's something wrong with your kid, take the doctor's advice. EVERYTHING STARTS EARLY. Just because the grades you get between K-8 might not matter, the learning process you develop in those years are critical. And when you have ADD, and are constantly being made to feel stupid because you can't keep up with the other kids, then your learning process will be affected.
0	That's because one of the elements for creating an easement or adverse possession of someone's property is that the "taking" is "hostile" and essentially against the owners wishes.  So if your wishes are to let them use it, you destroy the hostile element.
1	Mechanicly the same as lol. In term of objectives and strategy its higher then lol because of the diversity of the map.   You perhaps dont have to buy item but you have more spell for each of the champ wich you have to chose correctly each game through the masteries.   And btw there is already more diversity in term of playstyle even with less champ. Look Abathur or Murky, we got nothing close to it in Lol. Sylvana interact with minions like no champ does in Lol.   Another relevant point to compare LoL to HOTS is minion or body blocking wich is way more interesting and well used in the last one. Riot never took a decision its like there is blocking but not that much wich gave us a lot of awfull and weird situation.
0	I have a pair of Pit Bulls at home - one is a trouble maker and doesn't listen too well and the other one is super trained, etc.  One night the lesser trained one "Jack", woke my wife and myself up and wouldn't let us go back to sleep.  I initially checked things and didn't find anything wrong outside.  I went back to sleep to have Jack wake me up again. Since the more trained one was sound asleep, I was getting pissed Jack was just trying to play at 3am, so I just let Jack outside and wait outside by the sliding glass door for him to go to the bathroom.  He comes back in and goes right to sleep.   Come to find out my neighbor was getting robbed directly behind me and when I turned on my backyard light on at 3am and went outside with my dog, the robbers ran away.
1	I went straight into ranked the same day I hit 30, was a very bad idea but It helped me alot, I felt like I was learning the game alot faster than playing normals so I managed to get from Unranked to Plat in my first season (this season). I do recommend playing a shitton of normals though and advancing your champion pool to about 3 champions per role.   Another thing I done was just play broken champions, that were OP in the current meta, it's scumbaggy and people will say "Nice one just playing FOTM champs" but who cares at the end of the day, you gain LP & you have fun.
0	You just check for it... If it's not there read.  Usually I read the whole post because the
0	Don't put it off. I had to have a double hemmoridectomy around the same age as you, and because I put it off I caused a fissure also. It was awful. Perfectly fine now, no issues at all.   The surgery I had to have because I put it off had an awful recovery.. Imagine the feels of rubbing feces through a wound. It feels like burning razors for a couple weeks.
0	Color blind redditor here.   I have a girlfriend and am too old to fall for such a stupid meme, but the question I have is about: what does this have to do with being color blind?  Am I missing a part of the meme that is hidden from my vision?
0	Oh sure, absolutely. Please don't take any of the rest of this post as assholery, as it's not my intent. I was just making a glib comment initially but I'll be happy to expound.   Oh, and, if a Skunk was shitting in my Jeep, I'd have figured a way to film that and mine it for Karma by this point.   Anyhow,   I can't control nature, so nature isn't included in my complaint. I'm making specific references, perpetrated by the neighborhood cat mafia and provable by eyes on witnessed events, or by being undeniably of Housecat origin.   The "dogs going crazy" complaint is because we have three different cats from the neighborhood that prowl around my yard at night, get into fights with each other, and once, humped right below my open bedroom window. That is the goddamned DEFINITION of Rudely Awakened.   I'm mostly adept at identifying what paw prints go to what in my neck of the woods, and I live close enough to the country to add badgers, opossums and other fun shit to the list.   Our local wild fauna tends to not come into the back yard, because I have:     Canine #1, a deceptively speedy mid-sized Pinscher breed that eats anything small and furry that moves,      and     Canine #2, an exceptionally speedy, doofy young lab mix that has learned to run cut-off routes in order to facilitate Canine #1's "backyard fresh delicacy" habits. They aren't out all the time, and the random nature of their appearances into the yard at all hours of the day and night tend to cause the most "surprise, you're a meal!" events for furry woodland critters.     I have seen the black and white feline asshole that does the majority of the paw-printing of both cars, the Grill, and anything else that I decide needs to stay in my driveway overnight. The garage sale earlier this summer was fraught with cat printed merchandise.   I came home from a movie the other night and he was sitting on my Jeep hard top, giving me a look like "What? Do something, asshole." I tried to take a picture, to post on here actually, but my Droid 4 has a shiiiiiiiiit camera. No anecdotal cat Karma for me.   I know what cat shit looks, smells, and steps like. With reckless abandon, the side yard at the back of my house would be frequented by cats. If I so much as left a light scattering of leaves over there, it turned into a neighborhood Cat Shit Mecca, and they would all make their way to pay their respects.   Cat shit has a smell and texture that is unmistakable, I've stepped in it often enough, before I figured out what was going on in the yard, to be the Cat Shit Squish Stomp Champeen of Springfield, Mazzurrah. This went on until the death of Canine Prime, and the eventual adoption of Canine #2, mentioned above. Canine #2 is like a stealth bomber: All black, fast as shit, and quiet, like Ninja.   Canine #2 stopped all the side yard nonsense when he got a leg up on one unlucky feline. It hit the fence so hard, I thought somebody was out there kicking down my chain latched gate. No, it was just that fat white asshole across the street accelerating to Mach 2, mid-dump and making it clumsily, and just barely, over the fence.   No more side yard Cat Shit Mecca.
0	Oh god, yes. I was dating a girl who had nothing but guy friends, and it's a drag. There's just so many issues involved, and I'll admit I had some of the issues as well. Things like one of her best friends being her ex. You're like, OK, i can deal with that. But when you start putting two and two together, and remember she said he's single and "yeah, he still wants to date me." And then you'll be standing in a video rental store (yeah, years ago) and she has already seen a new release. I'm like, "When did you see that?" and she's like, "Oh,  _  come over this week and we watched it..." I'm like oh great, the guy who wants you back. Cool.
0	Honestly, it's all in your head. I know you've probably heard that a thousand times, but maybe the 1001st will get through. There are several reasons:     The vast, vast, vast majority of people are so focused on running one more minute or making it through one more set, that they could not physically care about who you are or what you look like.     The vast majority of people have a very positive attitude about others in the gym; even if they're not body positive. No one is going to give you shit for going to the gym to try and improve yourself, because...     Gyms are businesses. And like every other business they have have a systemic desire for sustained growth.  They will not tolerate douche bags who scare off customers.  Every gym I've been a member of has a zero tolerance policy for this type of thing. If someone says shit to you, report them. Their ass is toast, I promise you.     For the concerned females (I'm sorry if I'm assuming incorrectly), I don't personally eye-fuck women in the gym, but it seems enough of a problem that many gyms have women-only times and women-only sections. Personally, I think there is a legal problem with this notion, but my politcal philosophy aside, these areas exist so that this excuse doesn't. Take advantage of these if you can. Additionally, I've heard women, and by women I mean redditors and my girlfriend (giving me a terrible statistical sample), talk about being intimidated by big guys on squat racks with gallon jugs of water. Don't. They're just people like you and I. They shit and put their pants on one leg at a time. Their shit, does however stink more because of the amount of protein powder they consume. And they do put their pants on slower because of how sore they are.       I know you're just a random person, but I think empowering people to get over a million little things like this is how society becomes more egalitarian.
1	Meh just some drama the community sees fit to judge. Dyrus raged at Reginald. Reginald raged back and kept on raging at Dyrus. Now Dyrus apologized and Reginald apologized people still keep on bashing Reginald even though Dyrus started it.
0	I wish someone had taken me to a doctor when I was a kid and would wind up crying because there was a fitness test that made me feel like shit. Gym teachers chalk it up to a kid not being good at running, not an actual health issue. I didn't see a doctor about it until I was 25.   It has been difficult, not everything sets it off and I don't know what will until I try it. Running is BAD, stair steppers are fine, ellipticals are not great, biking is bad, rowing is awesome, swimming is fantastic. So far swimming has been best for me, freestyle will set it off after a while (nowhere near as fast as running, that's instant) but I could breaststroke all day without a problem. So far that is my go-to if I don't want to feel like death.   I did find that anxiety really does push it. Any situation where I'm anxious it will get set off way faster. As someone who was (and still is in certain situations) super self conscious being embarrassed about looking ridiculous while exercising plus being scared my throat will close up will just make it close after five minutes on a machine. I had not connected those two until recently and it is something to keep in mind. It was certainly part of why I was more okay to start swimming before any other kind of workout, I was in a pool, I figured you really can't be seen too well when you're underwater.   I recently went on what felt like a vertical hike for the first time with new friends and was so paranoid about not being able to do it that my throat/lungs went nuts really quickly in. When it was established that I might have to take breaks and it was okay, they were cool about it, it stopped happening so badly and much less frequently despite the hike getting gradually more difficult.
0	The very first time I remember learning about "sales tax" was when I was 10 years old and we visited some family in Illinois.  We were visiting family and a bunch of us cousins were going to have an "all-nighter" so we decided to go to the store nearby and by a bunch of junk food. Now see, my mother gave my sister and I $10 each.  I loaded up on chips, candy, and soda, making sure to keep my total to just under $10.   I get to the counter, hand over my precious goods...only to hear the cashier ask for more money than I had! I panicked, surely I had done my math right, I ended up having to put one of the snacks back. It wasn't until I got home when I told my mom that I didn't have enough for everything did she explain to me how sales tax worked.   For a 10-year old, I felt like they were stealing my money from me, it didn't make any sense!
0	No, you don't. The first week she starts, you get inundated with useless texts about the hilarious thing she saw in the produce section of the grocery store and the new, obvious thing she just learned on her phone (the day she learns to make smiley faces, shall be a loathsome experience).   Then, the useless messages continue, but she knows her phone better, so you don't get the "OMG!!! Did you know that you can download games on here??!" texts anymore. Now, you may think this is a good thing that she knows her phone better, but you are mistaken, my friend.   Now that she knows her phone better, she'll start to realize it may have more capabilities that she hasn't discovered. You will then begin to regularly receive the "Do you know if there's a way to..." texts. She'll then expect you to walk her through it and its your fault if something goes wrong or she gets confused.   After awhile, she becomes content and comfortable, so the number of useless messages go down. But, unlike friends or sexual interests, she will become very upset if you do not reply within a short timeframe, this will lead to, but not limited to, resending the text, sending a followup, calling, or dropping by cause she was "in the neighborhood". Oh yeah, mom? You were "in the neighborhood"? I live two hours away!!
1	The truth is tho they are not adults. Legally most of them are adults but seriously not a single pro player has kids or a mortgage or has to balance a serious budget. Most of them are 1 or 2 years out of high school. All this kind of drama and craziness happens in college too but there they don't have millions of people watching them do it. It's not just league many mainstream sports figures have the same issues when they get into the pros. Randy moss Ryan leaf Alex Rodriguez Dennis Rodman I mean the list goes on and on. These problems while embarrassing for everyone involved and funny to most everyone else not involved are not really problems. They get paid to catch a ball or in this case click a mouse well.
0	First off, did your medicine work? If so, congratulations.   On another topic, I complete agree with you.  I was one whose mother convinced I would get over it and everyone has it (not to my level though).  I was in college with no health insurance and was completely reliant on her if I wanted to go to the doctor. After finally convincing her the doctor visits have me hope which got my spirits up than they had been in a year.  Having the option of all the various medicines gave me hope.  Sadly, on after another gave me unbearable side effects and didn't put even a miniature dent in my condition to the point the doctor apologized and said "sorry, there's nothing else we can try" and sent me on my way.  Out of options and ideas, I sadly started self medicating. Most definitely wasn't ideal but it made the mental issues bearable and I didn't over drug, just enough to make going to class's, exams, and other responsibilities until they completely went away a year and a half later and took myself off of them after that.   I hate that I self prescribed because it was illegal. But for me, I has that choice or possibly dropping out of college, work, my robotics club, ect or the worst which was a constant struggle, killing myself.   So I hope all is going well with you my friend.  I know it's hard, but attempt to find a root cause if possible (mine was not). Else, as hard it is to do, attempt to find someone or a group/organization to help out regular.  I was extremely depressed until I found people that required more help than me and helping them brought me joy.
1	What was the process you went through to get on those teams. When did you realize that going pro wasnt for you? Were those teams brutally honest with you and told you to gtfo or were they really welcoming to you. Was it a close cut? things like that.
1	Please don't kill the messenger. League didn't make you a bad person, it made you realize you're a bad person. I hate it when people start blaming the community because you have nerd rages while playing it. EVERY online community does that, the internet is filled with all different kinds of people, ranging from all different age range and mental maturity. if you care for team comp so much, please play draft or ranked. If you don't want feeders, refer yourself to the reddit League chat and try to find people to queue with you.
1	Teemo consumes the body of his slaughtered enemies, becoming stronger and his form is turning into the evil thing that he is.
1	think of the meta as the currently strategy considered optimal by the majority (mostly people follow the pros). This includes the team comp and lanes as well as certain item choices. you will see shifts in the meta with new items, champs, and changes. A while back you would see range ADs mid and level 1 dragon fights. There was huge "tanky team" period when items like sunfire capes stacked. Certain champions become "flavor of the month" and are deemed better in the current meta. Recently champs like Sivir an Shen fit into the meta more because of buffs. They werent used for a while, but if you go back far enough you will see Shen was a first pick first ban before nerfs.
1	I don't see what everyone is bent out of shape for. Happalus said it was a test of how people would react to having ward skins available. The rent to own content was only instituted to compensate for the fact that if they sold permanent content to some players but then decide to deactivate what you own. Riot isn't really testing the rent to own model by itself, just to supplement a new kind if content (ward skins) and they feel it is unethical to sell you something (permanent) only to possibly make it worthless by deactivating the service if they discontinue the idea.
0	Mid 30s engineer here.  Been working for 12 years in private industry.  Every single employee with more than a bs has been a total pain in the ass and was fired within a year.   Op starts by displaying the attitude all (in my experience) masters or grad students have that he/she is better than the hr "drone".  Imagine if op had a boss who worked 12 hours a day thru his 20s and now finally has cut it down to 10 hours a day 17 years later, but new boss only has a two year machine design degree.  The people who think extra schooling is a good idea tend to be the same people that dont like taking orders from someone lesser than them even though if you go by RL experience the boss has x1000 more experience and knowledge.  All 7 of them over the last decade have been a poison to the company.
0	Being addicted is one thing, playing to escape for a few hours for enjoyment is another. What's the difference between playing video games for 3 hours a night and coming home from work, earning the money to pay for your mortgage, food and other bills and watching a movie? Is that wasting your life too? Do people who build model airplanes for fun waste their lives? Or garden? Fuck that noise. I grew up not being able to afford all the game systems my friends have, I worked hard and have a great job, a great wife and a great condo. I'm making up for lost time now that I can afford to go out and buy any game I want on launch.
0	It's hard to imagine for me now, but there was a time when it was one of the smartest and edgiest shows on TV. There are a few good seasons (1, 2, and 4). I always thought Deb was a great character and the show had some really good moments later, but the writers were completely unwilling to commit to anything that would really force Dexter to deal with the consequences of his behavior so every time the show took a risk, somehow everything would return to the status quo pretty quickly. It turned out that you're right and there was no real point. What a letdown. The series finale was one of the worst I've ever seen.
0	Be careful.  Each insult like this needs to be neutralized somehow - either you apologize or he gets to call you something without you going nuclear on him. If he doesn't get those opportunities then every time you do this his resentment will build up. You won't notice this so you do it again, and again. Until suddenly one day he snaps. If you're lucky and he is genuinely a saint; he merely walks out leaving you 40 and alone with two kids to feed.  If he's just a regular person; well anything could happen.
0	I heard this story from my grandmother (my uncle's mother in law) because she was raving about how great a guy he was:   Apparently my grandma was in a parking lot and while backing out of a parking space she was rear ended by a guy in a truck with a plow on the front. There was a police officer nearby who seemed to know the man in the truck so when my grandmother was explaining what happened the officer wasn't even paying attention. The plow on the front was broken so the guy said he might sue for the damages caused from the accident which was not nearly hard enough to cause damage to a plow. So now my grandmother is home with a ticket, grandpa is out of town and she wants to fight it. She was talking about it to her daughter (my aunt) who then told my uncle (GGG) and he offered to help.   Now most of us have gotten tickets and know it's not usual to bring a lawyer to fight a traffic ticket so the judge was pretty surprised to see one. My uncle had done his homework on the ticket and traffic laws since he is a lawyer who specializes in on the job injuries and getting insurance money. When it came my uncle's turn to speak he explained that the ticket that the officer wrote is actually meant for a roadway and not a parking lot and therefore should be voided. There was a bunch of other legal jargon in there that I didn't understand but before my uncle could even finish the judge said alright you're free to go and wrote it off.   It was on the way home when she insisted on paying him. She said it was the least she could do for having him take time off of work to go help her. He said he would accept payment, and only because he loved the apple pies that she made and it would be more than enough if she made one special for him.
1	Have you played or watched a game of Dota? What you're saying is a lot of theory crafting. If you are so focused on auto attacking your own creeps you will miss last hits and thats just not worth it. What you are talking about makes such a small difference in a game of dota that it's pretty much negligible unless you are 100% focused on keeping the creep wave near your tower.   The only time I have ever seen a team do something like this was when there was a Spectre who wanted to farm but his team had no outer towers and the whole team was focused on keeping the lane frozen just outside of their high ground. This involved Chen sending the ranged creep back to base, and Spectre actively trying to keep the lane frozen. They succeeded at doing that, however nobody but Spectre was farming, everyone else was sitting in base helping the Spectre keep the lane frozen just outside of their high ground. They still ended up losing the game because everyone was so focused on keeping the lane frozen so the xp was split and nobody but 1 person got any farm.   >If you're saying that it's not safer to be on your side of the map than the opponent's side of the map-   What I'm saying is that sure you can keep the lane frozen near your tower if you are the hard carry but if the other team wants to kill you, the tower isn't going to help much since it's not LoL towers.
1	Jayce doesn't like anyone with a gap closer, or is manaless. Kennen can poke you back for free for example, so he can force you oom. Just think about what is bad about your champ, and who could exploit that.   Rumble can't effectively trade damage in a creep wave without pushing the lane pretty hard, so he is really weak to strong gankers if you force the push out of him, or he misses cs. However, AAs draw creep aggro where his spitter does not. So you will generally take A LOT more damage if you both all in within an even wave.   Any one of those 3 are strong in and out of Lane, so pick who you have the most fun with.
0	Honestly, i have a case that is even more bullshit. There is a girl at my high school who moved from france after living there for 2 years. She left in 1st grade and came back in 4th. She has no accent and she speaks english perfectly. Yet all she talk about is how much she hates  the country and how we are all stupid. And she wonders why no one hangs out with her. If you ask her she says that we are not cultured enough to be friends with her.
0	This is in fact a true story, but not because the guy you were dealing with is a scum bag. My store may be different than others but, if I don't sell a certain $ amount every hour (Or make up for it by selling double the amount in the next hour, etc) I can get penalized. Loss of pay, loss of hours, all kinds of rediculous shit because I didn't offer you that $50.00 router instead of the $3.00 cables you needed. He probably knew all too well that's all you needed, but he doesn't want to get fired. Radioshack, Best buy, pretty much any electronics store does this shit. They lure in the tech savvy to work there, then they force them to lie, cheat, and steal from their customers.   Example: At radioshack we offer a $0.99 "insurance" plan on all wires. It's totally optional, yet I am told every day to "Put it on the ticket without telling them, they won't miss that dollar, and we get rewards when our RSSP (Radio Shack Service Plan) is high enough." I never do it though. I always ask. And 75% of the time customers will say "No thanks, I just need it for one job, no RSSP for me." And I remove the RSSP from their ticket.
1	yeah i do think you need to re read my post, i am very much aware that it is not a riot made spotlight, but the fact of a matter is that the spotlight shows 1- a new remodel of the old pulsefire(no more vacume backpack amongst other things) 2- new voice acting both by ezreal and a computer female voice 3- last but not least brand spanking new particals on Q,W,E,R and jokes and such   so with this already being shown in working condition, i am just saying from morello's post it seems this skin aint coming out for awhile  because they said "we want to do something really special with Pulsefire Ezreal" and telling us it would be worth the wait, but if the skin is just the same exact skin as shown in the spotlight why not just release it...   if they are gonna delay an already hyped up skin for another month just to release a skin that is the same exact skin 2 months ago i will be sorely dissapointed.
0	I'm really astonished how out of place the phrase 'contributing to society' gets used. Contribution to society is an obligation that should be fulfilled according to one's wealth and abilities and is in no way a measurement of 'goodness' of a person.   It's not like you are contributing more to society just because you have more money or do more voluntary work. Everyone is obligated to do his share. You're doing more? Enjoy your karma, have my thanks and my admiration. What you're doing is a gift to society, and I wish there'd be more people like you.   You're doing more and feel entitled because of it? Suddenly, that's a bit like 'I gave you that nice necklace for christmas, so you have to blow me' in my ears. Know what? Blow yourself, then. Gifts are a sign of appreciation, not a way to buy friends.
1	Also I think I have to press twice a key to center camera on champion   You are right.   Pressing the key once focuses and takes the champion into selection,  pressing it twice centers your champion.   The purpose:   Imagine you are microing your own summoned units on the other side of the map (champion is NOT selected else you would move him aswell).   You see an opportunity and want to cast a spell with global range as fast as possible.   You press the <champion key> once, don't lose the camera focus and cast your spell.   According to League of Legends version the camera would have moved back to your champ which results into losing the view over your target place.
0	Not that you want to take the chance, but it may not be intentional.   I moved far away from my high school as soon as I was legally able; but apparently I have one of those faces that just looks familiar.  I remember grocery shopping a few years ago when a black guy walks up to me and asks what high school I went to.   "Robert E. Lee."   His eyes got as big as saucers, he went 'oooook' and quickly scuttled away.  I didn't mean anything by it though, he asked me a question and I answered it truthfully.  The high school flew rebel flags and played Dixie as part of their heritage.  Oddly enough, our black population in hicksville didn't care about the flag or Dixie, and so I grew up and moved away not caring either; and was confused to find people up north cared as much as they did.
0	Ya know, I grew up in the city until I was 13.  I moved to live with my father in the country for high school.  He had cows in his back yard.  I thought they were lumbering fools so I went to be among them.  They ran from me with the speed of thousand cheetahs.
0	No, the friend zone is real. Its just not what people think it is; a scapegoat for every time a girl rejects you. I have tons of female friends, and I've never had any kind of sexual relationship with any of them. I just enjoy having good people in my life, and so what if some of them happen to be women? (Admittedly, some are very attractive, but I digress) I consider myself in the "friend zone" but thats simply because thats what we are; freinds. Im perfectly happy with being her friend, I see no reason its a bad thing to be friends with a girl and not have sex with her. Thats what people need to realize, its okay to have female friends and not have sex with them. And they're not obligated to gove you sex for being their friend, just like your not obligated to buy them things and treat them like your girlfriend
1	Whoops. Well here's what I'd recommend. Play less ARAM and more jungle. Since you seem to want to jungle, pick three champions that you like to jungle and starting jungling those champs in every normal game you can. Give it a week or two, then roll back around to ranked.
1	Yes, because at the speed nocturne arrives and the paranoia you can do that combo that fast. And by the time you kick vi, the whole team is already on top of you, or the focused guy, if he is not black shielded, is probably dead. Vi's ult is a guaranteed initiation if the other team has no morgana or banshee's veil, as well as nocturne's or malphite's. That's why they are hard engage champions, they force the initiation, which means, are more reliable than shyvana's dragon's descent or twitchs slows.
1	Well, I would love to continue this conversation with you if you could wrap your head around the idea of "trolling a little bit" but I have a feeling you're just going to troll me by shooting down whatever I have to say.   For the off chance that you are actually reading and trying to understand this then here's my reason behind my troll actions.   First of all, I don't play LoL alone, I just don't.  I play with friends and family.  Just like in real life you would play little pranks with your friends and family, I do so in a game of LoL as well.  I see my brother walking from top lane to bot for a large wave of minions? I'll teleport in when he's 70% of the way to steal it all just in time for him to catch the last 1 or 2.  Would I do it if he said "hey, I need 400g for my next item"? probably not, but things like these makes me laugh... way harder than it should.
0	Uhm. Seriously? A generation of young men eradicated, countless civilian deaths and rapings, cities bombed to the ground, the country being split in four, and a HUGE historical shame that has become a part of German identity, I am having trouble seeing the victory here. Germany (Hitler) went to war to create a third German Empire, the Third Reich. "Their land" was not theirs until 1989 when DDR and BRD were reunited. There was no winning the war for Germany at all.  Today Germany is a powerful country in terms of politics and military, I agree, but that has nothing to do with the war. Shortly after WWII what was later to be the EU was founded, a trading deal between France and Germany, and later Britain. I think the European teamwork (lacking a better word in English, sorry) has way more to say in the matter of Germany being brought back to power.
1	I disagree with you. Complicated abilities are not going to be OP because they are complicated. They are going to be OP because the numbers weren't wrong. And then you bring up Ryze and Annie not being able to do anything against Yasuo and Azir. To be honest, I fucking hate ryze and annie. They have no counterplay. You can't say "ok im gonna dodge x or im gonna all in now and I am going to win." Remember when ryze was FotM? Yeah, Ryze was broken as fuck. Ryze is a cancerous champion with no counterplay whatsoever. Annie is slightly better, because she at least takes some skill, but she is definitely up there. I would much rather play against Azir or yasuo. Yasuo, you can outplay. Dodge his tornado, move unpredictably and make it so he windwalls in a spot where u can still hit him, etc. You can just azir's w-q combo, and if azir doesn't have any soldiers on you, then you can easily kill him. And besides, who the fk wants 9 modified versions of annie and ryze in their games? At least complex champions have a definition to them, something that makes them unique.   EDIT: I saw you said that there is literally nothing ryze can do because he can get "outplayed" against people. How do you get outplayed on ryze? There is nothing that the enemy can dodge. Ryze has 4 point and click abilities. If anything, you are exactly the opposite. There is nothing that you can do against Ryze and Annie to outplay them, but there are tons of things you can do to outplay azir and yasuo.
1	I've worked in Apple's customer support (AppleCare) Tier 2 in 2012.  While that job was 95% phone based, there are similarities.   There is a work step that is called "gaining agreement" where it is important to rephrase the customer's issue to see if you understood it correctly. On the phone as much as in emails you can easily fall into the trap of taking quick guesses in order to optimize your number of answered cases.   Now imagine what happens if you  don't  gain agreement and try to find a solution for a different issue than the customer has. You waste his time, your time, and it will definitely go on the customer's nerves. They will feel misunderstood (and rightly so) and the company actually gets the  opposite  from what gaining agreement is for, because you have to take a step back and begin with asking for the issue anew.   Adding onto /u/Curoneko that's what you generally see when working in the second Tier, is that you see all the mistakes earlier support agents made and actually resulted in the issue having to be escalated to yourself, 90% of the time those customers start pissed but get really, really happy once they realize you are actually listening to them and not just doing your job.   This is what you see when Riot's support answers are not really fitting the issue.   Last sentence and
1	For those who didn't watch:   Blaze is down three inhibitors and 8k gold.   Woong and Shy dive almost into the fountain, get annihilated.   Cpt Jack trades T3 Boots for Zephyr.   Woong gets caught... Blaze wins :D
1	I don't quite understand what are you trying to get at with this post.   Why is there an ignore option? So when your teammates get on your nerves so much you have to mute them.   I'm guessing you are mad because you got banned due to what you have said, and you feel the only reason you said anything to your team is because THEY are the ones trolling or at fault, and you had every right to.   Utter and complete bullshit.   No, I'm going to wager that when bot lane gives first blood you're the player who says "gg" in all. You're the player who tells that faggot teemo to uninstall after going 0/3 when he's laning against cait. When your score is negative, it's not your fault, it's your junglers, right? fukin solo queue noobs you always get stuck with shit.   You report the players who DC at the start of the match and can't make it back. You report for feeding when a person had a bad game. You don't help them with advice, you bitch and tell them they should know better.   Why is ignore there? Ignore is there when I have no other options.   I don't want to block your pings. I don't want to miss your MIAs. I want to know when you want to give me a buff or you want to take one. I want to know when we are good to get dragon or when to push. So I put up with the shit. But eventually it gets so bad that I can't take it.   No, you don't have the right to tell them to fucking stop. You're not better than them. And if you are better at this game than them, so what? Yeah, you'll have the most kills or the least deaths or you'll win your lane, but let me ask you this:   How many games have you won by bitching at your teammates.   I would tell you to delete this post because you'll just end up embarrassing yourself, but in all honestly I want you to keep it so the community knows who to avoid playing with.   You'll downvote me just like you have every other person on your forum post, and that's fine, they're just numbers, but in all honesty dude, you're  that  player.
1	Because I am patient and methodical, and WW converts those attributes into winning better than almost any other champ in the game (maybe better than absolutely any champ in the game).    I enjoy methodically peeling the other team apart.  Also, it helps that I enjoy strategy / the big picture a lot, so I don't feel like I need to make sick Zed plays to have fun.   Naus is my favorite toplaner.  What him and WW have in common is they both create "reverse pressure."  There is probably a better term for it, I just made that up, by the idea is that they can both create pressure on the enemy team without even really doing anything.  Nasus creates pressure just by farming, even if his opposing toplaner is farming at the same rate.  WW somewhat does the same thing.  Even if he didn't gank, his S4 lategame was so strong (not retard mega OP strong like S5, but still one of the absolute strongest in the game... I played over 150 ranked S4 WW games, and I didn't lose a single lategame duel the entire time to anything except the occasional extremely well played vayne) that any time your team is not actively losing, the are slowly winning.   I love having that power, that if you just don't fuck up, you eventually have a huge advantage.  I'm in Gold.  That's not exactly super elite, but in the scheme of all LoL players, we are talking about competent people.  I so often kill my first 1-2 kills on  Nasus because people towerdive me and I kill them.  I know as long as it's not a lane that hard-counters me, I can just farm farm farm, and I have good sustain to keep doing so.  They can usually bully me around early, but I slowly catch up.  I know I'm more patient than they are.  At some point, they often dive me.  Partially out of boredom, but also because they are desperate.  They know that just by staying within 20 CS of them, I'm starting to pull ahead, and they have to try and stop me while there is a still a chance.  I'm creating pressure on them just by existing.  Then they dive me and it backfires and they die.   WW is similar.  You have to play safe early, before he can gank.  But then if people just avoid fighting without him, and drag out laning phase as long as possible, you probably win.  The longer laning goes on, the more you get to benefit from his awesome post 6 ganking, and the closer you get to his seriously powerful late game.  I duo with a mid main, and we win pretty much 100% of the games where top and bottom don't die much (note that they don't have to kill much... I'm not saying "we win all our games where our teammates all kick ass."  All they have to do is not die much), protect their towers, and draw out laning phase, and we win.   Sadly, we still lose a lot because our teammates are stupid, reckless, and selfish.  Note that the other team often has stupid / reckless / selfish players as well, it's just WW can't capitalize on that as early as other junglers, which means the game can snowball out of control before you have time to stop it.  Apparently people find it too boring to be safe, and let us slowly but surely methodically carry.  People push up too far without wards.  They make risky plays trying to win the game for us, when all we need is for them to not lose it for us.  They will already be behind in lane, and die in fights that THEY ENGAGED!  And when we ask people to play safe and give us time to work the WW magic, we have had people straight up tell us that "that's too boring," so they go off and die trying to make unnecessary plays.
0	I recall reading somewhere that the timing on yellow lights is determined by how long it would take a fully-loaded 18 wheeler to come to a complete stop while going at the speed limit. The higher the speed limit, the longer the yellow should last... but I suppose that's if big trucks travel on those roads.
1	Negative comments begin to affect you mentally after a while. When the first few people flame you because you're diamond you can just mute them. But do you really think that you can just brush off something like that after it happens multiple hundred times?   I had a stretch of about two weeks where I got flamed nearly every single game, and I played about 10 games a day. It made me stop playing league all together for a while. So when I started playing again I turned all chat off by default.   But telling somebody to "grow up" is the wrong attitude, it's not the person who's being insulted that's at fault, it's the person doing the insulting.
0	Had i punched him in a fit of rage or adrenaline.. should i be fired? Arrested, lose my job, my house, my family? Sadly, too many redditors would say yes... Any other job, you would get retraining, or counseling..   Honestly, I think your perception of other jobs is as skewed as the average persons on every cop.  If you hit someone at work, your ass is fired in many cases.  You also face civil charges if it was bad enough.  If the job fails to do something they face civil suits.  So, counseling, etc, maybe in some places, but the idea that you get off easy is a bit laughable.   As for police.  I'm sorry, but your job is to be the sole entity charged with the ability and right to use physical force to enforce the law and protect the rights of citizens.  You are capable of discretion to end a person's life, take away their freedom and protect.  If you think you should be held to the same standards as every other employee, your view is part of the problem.  Your position requires more and you SHOULD be required to exercise a greater level of control than the average citizen.  You should be held to a higher standard of conduct because we trust you with our lives.  Psychological screening should be in place to prevent hot heads, bullies and other poorly controlled individuals from ever being put in a position to abuse the power entrusted to them.   Many of us understand the stresses of the job are unimaginable to us, and seeing the worst of humanity on a daily basis can be grinding.  Personally, I sympathize with that but how the police and system deal with it is what I think is the main problem.  There should be mandatory counseling on a regular basis, mandated vacations after certain periods, anything to keep a good balance.  I'm sure there are such things, but if they don't help then perhaps officers should be seeking to push for reforms.  This is just a post about a pic so I won't go into everything I think is wrong with teh system but overall I think it is broken and the attitude of the cops we are talking about is both their fault and the fault of how the system is built around them.   What I think many of us cannot stand is the idea that police can make a mistake, someone dies, and there are no real consequences. The case in  Florida  you learn the person was presumed armed and dangerous, and its understandable they would defend themselves, but the idea that they serve no time or aren't punished is hard to swallow.  Another example, the homeless man wielding a knife in NYC who was shot, why couldn't the officers stun him?  or in some way NOT kill him?  Officer safety is often cited as the reason.  Not that I don't want you all to live, but its a dangerous job, protect and serve, shooting a clearly insane knife wielding person is just not something I can understand.  The usual charge is "you have to be there."  No kidding, that doesn't work for the average citizen trying to explain themselves in court, yet it seems to be a go-to answer at times for police mishaps.
0	lol someone is a bit butthurt. I am black and your name offends me, and I am literate and reread it to make sure it wasn't too much of a
0	We don't really buy six packs from "the store", since they aren't sold in regular stores. We have something called Systembolaget, which is a government owned chain of liquor stores. They're the only stores allowed to sell alcoholic beverages containing more than 3,5 % alcohol. A few brands have six pack cases, but generally we either buy them in a case of 24 or just pick up as many as we need for the night. I usually do the latter and what's nice about that is that I usually go with just one of each and mix it up a bit, rather than drinking six (or 24) of the same beer.   I should add that this isn't as much of a problem as it might seem, since there's always a Systembolaget within a 30 minute drive - even in the country - and in the bigger cities just a walk down the street.   Also, they are really professional and have a wide range of beverages - both bigger brands and smaller (often local, at least in Gothenburg where micro-brewing is a big thing) ones that they rotate so you can try new things all the time. If you can't find what you're looking for, they'll help you order it to the store for a small fee, so that way you can buy almost anything from all over the world.   Our taxes on alcohol makes it quite expensive though. From $1.2 for the cheapest ( Cheap Thrills  33 cl can to ~$2.1 for a 33 cl bottle of Heineken and $3-4 for the finer bottles, such as IPA:s etc. So if I'm going to a festival, I'll probably buy cases with 24 cans of "standard" beer for $30. If it's just for warming up for a night out I'd go with 5-6 bottles of nicer stuff, which would be $15.   [Here]( is information about the monopoly on their site, in English.   [This]( is an interesting interactive video, in English, about what researchers think would happen if the monopoly would be abolished.   And [this]( is the section where you can search for products and see the prices. It's in Swedish though, but you can probably guess what's what.
1	Not sure how it would interfere with competition. If Team A picks Rengar, Team B will most likely not pick Kha'zix. Unless Team B thinks they can get the buff, in which case they  might  pick him. It just adds another decision to the pick/ban process. This is assuming Rengar or Kha'zix aren't pick or ban status. If there is a relative amount of balance between all champs, this just allows one team to gamble on getting an edge. It would actually increase competition because each team will be hunting a specific member of the others.   Now, on the other hand, if these types of interactions become standard on multiple champs who have intersecting lore, that could be an issue. Of course if you want faster games, this mechanic will help. However, it will turn picks and bans into an entire strategy game (more so than it already is) in an of itself. This could be an option Riot is toying with rather than just adding more bans. I don't see this as a bad thing, although it would certainly complicate the game and change it a bit.
0	I'm not sure that's where the OP's meme is coming from. He calls it an "American confession". In other words, the culture of a particular area puts pressure on you to like a certain sport. For example, I've had people jokingly tell me that I'm a "bad Canadian" for not liking hockey.
1	OP this is a giant load of bullshit. Back in my days of starcraft 2, i wanted to improve so i looked for ways to improve my play, apm, builds, etc. and so i found osu. Yes my APM increased but mechanically i was at the same skill level. osu doesn't do anything you list here except give you a bad case of carpal tunnel. You improve because you want to improve, you go up in rank because you want to go up, you cannot rely on "training" games to make you better at another game.
0	Just because you are an honorable person, that doesn't make you a good person.   Honor mostly has to do with carrying out your words and oaths. If you say you're going to murder a bunch of babies and then carry out with it, then you've been honorable to your word.   During the dark ages the knights bound to their lords or king would more often than not be the guys that were kicking down your door and murdering you in your sleep. This was still a position of esteem and honor despite the horrendous acts that they committed. The problem these days is that people tend to view the word honor through rose-colored glasses and believe the fairytale of the knight in shining armor protecting his loved ones.
1	Just understand, Riot needs to do this now. Like every 3rd player is using a programm that shows them the jungle timers, automatically or manually.   So this gives every 3rd player a big advantage imo.   And players who dont have it, it gives them a big disadvantage.   So, this is NOT fair. I know 3rd programms are not allowed, but Riot cant do shit about ppl using them. They're also 10000 apps on the mobile phone who can do this.
1	Alright, so I'm a former Bronze player who climbed out (just last night!) into Silver 5 using Caitlyn and Zed (my main two for ranked). I'm a bit worried that I'll just get stuck in Silver 5 and be unable to climb the ELO ladder. My friend who is a Plat 2 gave me advice on what champs to use to carry/win games and I wanted to see among these who are the best.  So, if you could rate each of these from 1-10 slots based on overall practicality with some reasoning, I'd appreciate it!   Mid: -Kennen -Zed -Vladimir -Kassadin -Nidalee -Lux -Karthus -Twisted Fate -Orianna -Akali   ADC (1-5) -Vayne -Tristana -Draven -Caitlyn -Varus   Top (1-5) -Tryndamere -Zed -Jayce -Elise -Nidalee
0	At 22 HE's the kid, she's a child!*
1	Call me an old fucking man (24) but I am fucking tired of hearing people complain about this, it is going to be addressed! The most successful people in any business will always find the most long-term cost-effective way to take care of an issue and grow their business.   Yes Riot could go out tomorrow to DC, buy a warehouse and set-up a data center with servers and get to work setting up the EC server. But you know what? That's fucking expensive and very short-sighted.   It is better to find a location with low overhead cost that has very few environmental risks and that meets all of their high standards. Then hire some people to manage the servers and probably set up redundancies etc. etc.   I could go on but honestly the fact of the matter is the core demographic for this game is loud and opinionated and probably has very little experience with how the majority of the gaming world works. Or they didn't grow up playing games that had patches once or twice a year and only got significant changes when they bought expansion packs.   Yes the status of the game right now sucks, I main ADC and can't cs for shit or consistently perform well in team fights because of insane packet loss and outrageous spikes. Riot sure as hell isn't ignoring this when a significant portion of their players are suffering.
0	Shame doesn't help anyone lose weight.   It did for me. I was tired of being considered unattractive by my female peers, and lazy by my male peers. Not to mention that grade/high school are really tough places to be a fat kid, in general. I think the shame of it all is eventually what caused me to get my ass in shape.
1	as if tryndamere isnt a broken champion right now?he's easily god tier for top lane and jungle   ^ i'm guessing that in response to my shyvana freelo quote   Implying trynd hasn't always been god tier (for solo q)?  Trynd is my main and know he is god tier, I have no shame in that.  However, FF is much more beneficial to shyvana IMO and she is more OP than trynda right now, at least in the jungle.  FF/botrk or wits scale so well with her kit and free tank stats.  She never dies, does massive AoE damage, and has great movespeed and counter-jungling abilities.   Also, don't sleep on trynd mid, outsustains every single mage, outfarms them, and outpushes them.  Only champs that are remotely challenging are lulu and LB.
1	His kit is fine, and whoever argues it's not simply does not understand what Urgot is.   Urgot was designed as a Ranged AD  CASTER  that provides ways to cripple his opponents while dealing damage from a safe range and being durable.   That's what Urgot is. And it's a perfectly fine concept.   The core things that Urgot have are:     A bread-and-butter skill which is the most of his damage (Q)     A shield that empowers the bread-and-butter skill by adding a slow (on his AAs as well)     An armor-shredding, damage-dealing AoE Skillshot which empowers the bread-and-butter skill by making it targeted instead of skillshot     A targeted Suppression which swaps positions, slows the target and grants Urgot a huge tanking steroid.     And a passive of %damage reduction to targets he hits with AAs or Qs.       That, as a whole, is a fine kit: The spells make sense to be together in the kit, fill different purposes and make Urgot a well-rounded champion with good damage output, tankiness, and team utility.   Now, what does Urgot  NOT  have?   First, itemization.     Urgot  needs  a Muramana. He's one of the rare champions in LoL to be gated by mana instead of cooldowns (which is why he was kinda insane in URF), he WILL need a muramana to do his work. Having to buy a muramana isn't that bad, in fact Urgot uses the on-attack damage very well.     Urgot will likely HAVE TO buy a Black Cleaver because he uses it so well and his damage will be subpar otherwise. There again, no problem, it's a good item on Urgot.       But then, it gets tricky.   Few damage items suit Urgot (other than Muramana and BC ofc): Pure AD items feature lifesteal, a stat which Urgot isn't fond of, LW is good but its value is quite reduced because Urgot already got two % armor shreds (E and BC), Triforce is very situational (and expansive).   Then... Let's buy tankiness. Which is acceptable, of course, Urgot isn't meant to be built glass cannon.   But there again it gets tricky, because Urgot is a ranged bruiser, which is absolutely unique.   What if you want some armor, mh? Well, too bad. Sunfire, Randuin, even Frozen Heart (which he buys anyway because of the mana) are all items that work at close range - where Urgot doesn't want to be.   What about some magic resist? Well, here's your Banshee. Aaaand that's it. A Locket won't really work on you because you'll either be deep in the backline, or deep in THEIR backline. A Maw of Malmortius is a decent item but teamcomps that are heavy in magic damage are kinda rare (although I see more and more of them).   Of course for armor and mres you'll be able to get a GA, which is a suboptimal item unless you proc the revive...   Urgot usually doesn't want more hp than what BC/Banshee + his shield gives, but if he does... He doesn't have many choices either. Warmog is a subpar item, Sunfire and Randuin work at close range like explained above.   So that's what the main problem is, IMO. Most itemization paths for Urgot feel suboptimal. But let's be thankful to Riot for introducing Muramana and Black Cleaver in season 3 - Urgot was stuck with his Manamune and Brutalizer before that....   On a side note, a point where Urgot could use a little help would be a polishing of his visuals. His animations mostly are a bit clunky, more specifically the need to stop to cast Q is awkward - after all you often use it to chase and kite.   If Riot wants Urgot to be a good pick again (which they probably don't want to - Soraka/Urgot lanes used to be pure free elo back in old times), they'll have to give him new ways to itemize and feel good by itemizing items that suit his needs. Also, he  could  use some tweaks in lower AD Ratios + Higher base damage, to enforce his playstyle as a Bruiser that goes with 2, maximum 3 damage items.
0	Don't ask me why or how I know this, but apparently water or air at higher pressures in the vagina is dangerous and should be avoided.
1	He's a really strong laner. At lvl6 you can kill anyone in a single combo every time your ult is up.   He has among the highest (if not  the  highest) AP ratios in the game. Late game he can still nuke anyone squishy or not due to his W.   However he has a harder time (not neccessarily worse though) late game than many other AP carries.   His main problem (and this is a big problem) is that his only hard CC is really situational. He needs his ult to nuke someone but that also puts himself at a tremendous risk due to rooting himself. Plus, as you probably know, A Qicksilver Sash cleanses both his Q, E, and R, all of which are detrimental to be able to put out DPS.   That said he can still do very well before iniating by poking with Q and E if you gan get in range. A well placed Q can be just as good of an initiation as a Malphite ult or a Tibbers drop. Though if he can catch someone out of position then they're dead, simple as that.
0	Being 25, video rental places were all over the place when I was younger.  I loved riding bikes with my buddies to rent whatever old ass action or b-horror movies or obscure n64 we could find.  We spent a  lot  of our time hanging out at this place, just browsing and bullshitting.   Then the unimaginable happened.  The rental place we lived by was shut down.  Now we needed a ride to get to the closest place. Then, after a couple years' time, that place was also shut down.   And on and on...   By the time I could drive, there was still one place in town.  It was there until the day I moved away, almost three years ago, now.  I couldn't tell you if it's still open or not.   You just can't have that, for complete lack of a better term, 'Blockbuster' feeling anymore.
1	Why did you have to seemingly bash Dyrus when you've only been watching him a short period of time? Have you even seen his tournament games? They're completely different than his streamed solo-que games, his mechanics are better than you think. Streams are meant to entertain. That is what Dyrus does for us every night.   And to answer your
0	I don't think you know what chivalry is, nor what it really means.   And I also don't believe you treat any woman the exact way you would treat a man.   Chivalry has nothing to do with thinking women are below you, it's just being fucking nice because many women like a man that will open their door or put their coat on for them.   I'd like to see you punch a woman in the face if she is drunk and punches you for no apparent reason, which is probably what you would do to a guy. Or look directly for the nearest woman for a high five or a shoulder push the next time your team scores in a game. Never know how she will take it, a guy though will just take it in stride almost guaranteed.
1	Focus the one that is easier to attack for you and your support meaning when you are laning your focus should be     CS   Poke Enemy ADC   Poke Enemy Support     Now when you take these decisions it is up to you and your support should be ready to support you with these.   About the tanky support's its much better when you peel them off that means when their initate can't be covered up or its hardly being covered and you move back while hitting the support in the back, though you can also think about the enemy ADC if he goes full in you rather fight them or peel off.   Taking an example of an enemy lane of Leona & Corki, if Corki uses his Valkyrie to join the Leona's Burst its better when you Peel Off and Attack the Corki when he is going back, if Corki doesn't use Valkyrie you Peel off And Hit the Leona, of course these should happen if you peel off good and you are healthy enough to fight them back.   About exhaust a support should never use it on the other support unless the enemy support is running under his turret w/o flash and it is for securing a kill.   Me as an ADC can say this much but the time of exhaust is up to support though ADC Champs are based on burst or on their DPS damage, aka if a Corki dives in its better to exhaust him directly to not proc Leonas Passives for Full Damage in between his auto attacks.
0	wtf is a "white name"   "Hispanic" names are derived from Spain, which is......    you guessed it... a "white" country.
0	Sorry, that wasn't meant to be taken literally. I was referring to being taxed at a 90% rate as "maximum wage." Thus the quotation marks.   This tax structure was in place until Reagan started screwing things up.   The problem, these days, is that such big tax breaks have been given to so few top rich people, they literally can't spend the money fast enough to stimulate the economy. So even though you may deserve more money, it doesn't do the economy good, and everybody suffers.   Right now, America is a rich country, but all of the wealth is stuck at the top 1%. Money makes the world go around, but they can't spend it fast enough.
0	I'll share my story. I'm a guy and at the age of 11-12 I hit puberty  HARD . I did really stupid shit to get my weiner satisfied. My worst example happens when one day I'm watching TV in the living room with my cockerspaniel. I get a hard on and in no time, I'm helicoptering my dick at my dog to get em to lick it. My dog licks it endlessly and I'm enjoying myself. My sister, few years older than I, was home and she walks into the living room. She giggles, I freakout and I yelled "GO AWAY" while zipping up my scrotum, I yelp, and finally get my package into my pants. 10+ years later we've never spoken about it and she might have told other people but I have no clue if she did or not. I guess you could call it experimentation because I didn't even know what a vagina was back then. I would never do that again nor share my story if someone could identify me so obviously throwaway account here. I just want you to wash what you saw out of your mind and get over it because sometimes, puberty makes you do dumb shit.
0	I was intending to use fag because of the generalised derogatory connotations it conveys on this website. I thought it too extreme so I went with a watered down homophone of the word.   I'm not a homophobe and have many gay/bi friends. If I offended you personally I'm sorry. But that doesn't mean that I hate OP's ignorant responses or many of the ignorant comments on this thread any less.
1	Well from what he's said so far, it seems pretty obvious that he'd had enough of Diamondprox, which is pretty understandable given how much of an asshole the latter is.   Joining curse was a strange decision.  I feel sorry for him because of what he must be feeling right now, he wasn't just changing team, he was moving across the world away from his university, friends and family.  He must be stressed as hell probably second guessing himself, he's a young guy, it's natural.  Been there myself and it's not a great feeling.
1	I don't think this is something that even needs a debate... Sure rng sucks, and sometimes someone gets bent over by it, but it's just that, pure luck. The fact that TSM and Turtle set up a fight where it was such a close match-up shows me they deserve to win. Even though a minion may or may not have saved their lives, TSM had to have a ward there, Turtle Buster Shot Sneaky away, taking out the other major damage threat, yet another move that might have swayed the fight to go in C9's favor.
1	Hardest snowball champion I have come across for lane dominance or just 1v5 potential is among the carry section.  Fiora  has too many counters to be worth the mention of a 'pick all the time' champion, put her against a champion such as Gangplank and just enjoy the penta kills...   Also there is no mention of  Skarner ... Has everyone forgotten those times end 2011 where Skarner could just be the only guy in your base, and he would be the only guy needed in your base to win a game.   Of course you have your more easy to be incredibly hard to deal with champions.  Poppy and Hecarim  (Yes that ghost pony...) are possibly one of the most terrifying champions to feed. Poppy just kills your AD carry before you can kill her team. Hecarim on the other hand has the mechanics of being a 'run you down' champion like Warwick. Just he has so much more AoE damage than him. 450 movespeed pony that does 500 damage per second and heals 200 health per second chasing you? Yeah didn't think so...
0	This is actually a very sound survival strategy in a world where the lack of money is the primary source of grief and frustration with life.   In addition, it is especially true in a world where men are programmed from a very young age to judge women based on their physical appearance, which leads them to choose their mates based on those characteristics.
1	I don't think people are getting the point... Making a LCS for women is in no way saying women are inferior to men in a mental sense, or in any sense at all. All a WLCS would do is encourage more girls to try to play competitively and get more into the game. Because let's face it, although there are girls out there like the sirens who are hard core gamers just as much as many guys, there are also a lot of girls who think competitive gaming/gaming in general is a guy thing and they don't even bother to explore it. A WLCS could possibly show that a community of competitive girls actually does exist and would also make a scene where girls have incentive to move into gaming houses and start regular practice schedules which would create more opportunities for girl players to play for LCS teams.
0	Please, tell that to the cops/auditors/etc. when they find you breaking regulations.   Since various agencies have been granted to power to make regulations (within certain restraints) by laws passed by congress, their regulations have the force of law.   I think that this isn't a good thing in many cases (such as this one), because it detaches the decision makers from any real accountability, but there are cases where it would be nuts to write the specific provisions into law.  (EPA & OSHA guidelines, etc.)
1	We don't know yet but what we do know is that lemonhas said stuff like this before. Lemon used to be known as a twitter troll, often saying that previous or current pros would be joining a team; even though they weren't. Lemon didn't know if the people he said were  joining or not, he only said they were to troll the community and spark up threads like this.
0	Ok to distinguish between what some posters have said about how to handle the situation of what to do about pho-friends. I have seperate groups of friends who live at opposite ends of the spectrum. One of the groups shares interests with me more so than a strong friendship like my life long friends do. Within the shared intrest group we smoke, listen to metal, watch fights but I have always noticed that I am kind of the black sheep in the group when we hang out. The one that is on the fringe of the conversations or the guy on the outside of the inside joke (seemingly so). I consider myself to be a fairly good judge of character and motive and notice small things. I am not sensitive when it comes to back and forth joking, especially with my life long friends. However, when it comes to the "other" group it always seems that instead of joking to my face or just playing around they constantly make comments under their breath or speak with veiled intent which for the most part i see through, which is annoying cause i can't tell if they aren't whitty enough to secretly make fun of me without me knowing or they are somehow thinking i should laugh at the fact they are trying to secretly make fun of me. Long winded problem with a obvious answer, right? Just ditch those guys. Well it's not that easy because of our joint lifestyle, pun intended. I have shared risk by endangering that "friendship" due to the fact we smoke which puts me at risk along with them, and despite the unspoken rule of never turn on a fellow ent, who can you really trust with your life? This is all my fault for getting in this deep but I am tired of being berated but at the same time I can't just up and leave, or to me it appears that way. I almost always defer to the most logical decision in situations so i can take it if it turns out maybe i need to just do some self-examination, maybe im the problem. I honestly do my level best to be friendly and kind to others, even in excess sometimes to my own detriment. Does anyone have any solutions for my situation?
0	I'm 32 and even after my first kid I felt like a child. #2 totally changed things. I feel like an adult and my parents treat me as such too.
0	You and me both (not lactose intolerant here, but I don't eat much dairy and hate sweet, coffee black, etc. but still break out).   You may try the [oil cleansing method]( seems weird and counterintuitive, but it's very gentle on your face. The washcloth exfoliates but not as hard as a physically abrasive scrub, and the oils used mimic your natural sebum, so it can sort of "turn off" that over-production of oil.   A lot of people also really love and have a lot of success using witch hazel as a toner. I recommend spraying it on and just pressing it into your face; you can also use a cotton ball or cotton pad, but that doesn't really get very much of it on your face.   Either way, you shouldn't have to go between the extremes of dry and oily--this is imbalance and it's what acne LOVES: hey sweet, some dry skin to clog my pores! Ah awesome, some sebum (oil) to really gunk up the dry skin! Let's do this thing!!   Differin, Retin-A, and Tazorac are great for clearing up acne, but they're not exactly non-toxic (really nothing you buy OTC will be very friendly in terms of toxicity. Either way, Tazorac was the last thing I used that really really cleared up my skin.   Check out the book [No More Dirty Looks]( It's written by two ladies who have battled with cystic acne and trying to fight that with more gentle, less toxic means. I've used a lot of their recommendations with pretty good success. The makeup I use is so light and non-toxic that I don't really wash my face; I just stick it under warm water at night and then use some witch hazel out of the shower, slide on some [argan oil]( and on really dry days, put on some [lightweight, oil-based moisturizer]( over that.
1	Erm, that's ONLY because LoL Replay was bugged, just check their site. Today's update to LoL Replay made it possible to play S3 replays again.   I've just updated my Adobe Air and am watching my replay from an hour ago. Seems to work.
1	Here's Riot Foro's [answer](  >"Hey guys.   >This is something definitely on our radar, and has been a talking point in our various teams at Riot for quite some time now.   >We're currently working on ways to make matchmaking more intelligent so this can be possible. The last thing we want to do is make NA East and West servers and change things up, so there's a lot of design decisions to take into account.   >In the meantime, we're working at optimising the connectivity from the East Coast to our servers on the West. This stuff does take time - but I promise we're constantly working in ALL of our regions on making it the best experience for everybody.   >
1	I play from April 2011.I have 1377 wins and 1345 loses in normal.I have more than 500 ranked games.I have 50w/30lose in dominion and 50/50  in Aram.I also have around 40 games in team builder.So-what do I have. I miss 17 champions [2 from 3k,rest 4.8k IP +] I also used RP to get 5-6 Champs.I also have 7 rune pages [1 from refferals,the other 4 I took for the price of 2.]
1	u/SmoothBeans gave a good definition. I'll add it's just failing to play well when the games actually matter. Like in the regular season you have to win a certain number of games to advance to playoffs. It doesn't really matter which games you win, especially at the start, as long as you win enough. But when playoff time rolls around, you have to win  this  game. The pressure is on. There is no next chance. Some players thrive under this pressure. Others crumble.
1	Cmon dude, you're giving up one kill. Worst case scenario, you lose a normal game (which is going to happen 50% of the time anyway) - and in most cases, it would highly dubious to presume that a single kill has decided the course of a game.   On the flipside, you have just absolutely made some other guys day - it took me about 600 games (around a year) to get my first penta, so its pretty fucking special. Stop being so anal and see a good deed for what it is, please.
1	I assumed that the accounts are generated together.   That meant I could just increment the lolking url by 1 to find the accounts without knowing their names.   Not all of the accounts were together but the generic sequence was close enough to the OP's findings that I could do the same url iteration with op.gg to make sure all the accounts existed.
1	I wouldn't be surprised if the answer was 'money'.   Right now, most LoL teams are in a similar situation to start-up companies in that they either have a really tight budget, or are beholden to someone else in terms of what they get money for.   I think the biggest candidates for teams to get coaches are TSM, CLG and Dignitas.   The first two would need to take the extra revenue from 5 players and pool it to pay for the coach.  The coach would also need to work a reasonably large number of hours (about 20 to 40 per week) to really be worth it, which means they need to get paid a living wage.  In regards to TSM's PR person: 'Do they charge a similar amount to what a coach would cost?'  I'd be relatively surprised if TSM hasn't already looked into whether or not they could get a coach, at least a cursory amount.   Team Dignitas on the other hand gets that decision made for them by the team manager and it's up to the manager to decide if a coach would be worth that part of Team Dignitas' budget.  Remember the Dignitas Team has teams for 8 different games totaling about 58 players, not counting management staff.  Give one of those teams a coach and you have to justify to the other 7 why they don't get one too.  Otherwise you're looking at getting 8 coaches, which is a very significant amount of money to invest.   Another question being: where/how do you find a good LoL coach?  I'd think you want a coach to be: exceptionally good at LoL, trained-in/capable-of coaching, and have the flexibility of lifestyle that they can live with/near the team ... all for the amount of money that the team can afford to pay them.  The list of people that meet that criteria can't be that big and even then, you have to go out and find them.
0	Just thought i'd toss this in there. Nothing said during a marriage ceremony has any inherent value unless you actually have the balls to man up to it. I'm a guy and i see old friends getting married and saying shit like this. They wont hold true to it. I know this, they know this, everyone they know knows it. Because they have no spine and are doing it out of societal obligation instead of personal revelation.   The real problem isn't that it shouldn't be said. By all means it SHOULD be said and you should back it up by making it work. You should date and get to know each other. Then make an educated decision based on experience over a long period of time. Then if the two parties are in agreement you submit your word and honor in a public ceremony and you own up to it. If you don't own up to it you should be ashamed of yourself and everyone there that witnessed you should be ashamed of you.   Life is going to suck on and off your whole life and if your life don't suck don't worry it will. When you get married guess what your lives and work situations aren't going to magically align perfectly. That means your going to have an issue and then right when you think its over. The person your with will most likely have an issue.  This cycle will repeat over and over. Every time either of you have an issue, Your going to be dragging the other person with you.   Marriage is about making a commitment to sacrifice yourself, your future, and your happiness. To try to make life just a little bit better for someone else. If both parties aren't worthless pieces of shit then it works fine... even if one of you are then you can make it work. The reason why marriages fail is because either A. you pussy out and the other person wont try to force you to work it out. or B. They do and you wont drag them kicking and screaming to success. or most likely C. You both do because your dumb and didn't realize life isn't a magical fairy island.   Subnote: I'm not married yet, probably will be sooner than later. I'm 24 male, i started working at 15 grew up in a family whose total income was 40k a year. Parents are still together fought constantly but they worked it out. I now work in IT making 80k a year i live in Texas I subscribe to no inherent religion though for the younger years of my life i did attend many churches Mormon, Catholic, Baptist.   I hope that dispels any "he must of grown up rich" or "he doesn't know how hard work can be".
0	My SO's Father wanted to return a faucet my SO got him for Christmas over the weekend. The faucet was bought with his credit card so he needed it from my SO to get the refund. (Can't you just exchange the facet for another and not need the credit card?)   We were literally walking out the door to go to a restaurant when he called. He told him where we were going and said he'd give him the credit card if he met him at the restaurant. But his Dad was still was super bitchy about it and kept insisting my SO should drop everything he's doing and come deliver the credit card to him. He still ended up coming to get the card from him at the restaurant but was pissy as hell about it.   My SO is 32 and his father/family is constantly pulling this type of shit. Another day recently while he was at work they called him and demanded he help move a futon right then even though he kept telling them he was  working  and couldn't.   No matter what he's doing they expect him stop whatever it is and do what they need to do right that second. If he says I'm busy but I can help in an hour or something they bitch and moan until he gives in. He has a massive guilt complex and I keep telling him he's too kind and just needs to say no to them. I worry about if/when we have kids...
0	Your mother's vagina is the first one your penis touches. [In fact some women experience an orgasm during childbirth](
0	Would you rather be forced to pay full price even if you get bad service? I want the system to go further- reduce prices by 20% and ask for a kitchen tip and a service tip. I hate not being able to tip the chef.   In countries like Australia, if your staff gives bad service. They get fired. In America, if your staff gives bad service. They get fired.   In Australia, if your staff gives good service. They keep their job. In America, if your staff gives good service. They keep their job.   In Australia, regardless of service, your staff have a minimum wage that they get paid that's a liveable wage. In America, regardless of service, your staff get paid like complete shit regardless of the 20% tip, and it's still not a liveable wage.
1	AFAIK They don't actually do anything. Riot added them as a placebo a year or two ago to prevent the old "report the guy who did bad for something he didn't actually do" trick. The reason the pop up that tells you it lowers normal Elo is there for two reasons.     To let players know that being bad is not a bannable offense.   To make people reporting the bad player feel as if their report is doing anything.
1	Your tactic is fine, pushing denies LeBlanc not only farm, but her strongest side, which is roaming. Your mistake would be that you dont utilize the aspect of pushed lane.   You shouldnt stay in front of his turret and look at your creeps dying to his turret. Just go take wolves, wraiths. Have wards in ATLEAST one side of enemy jungle entrance around mid (preferably 2). When you see jungler appear in other lane shove the lane even harder, or roam.   What i do is:     Pick good wave clear, good/semi-good roaming, bulky mid (for example: Gragas, Orianna)     While laning constantly glancing at minimap and track jungler.     Shove lane     Roam to the opposite side of where the jungler is and try to pick kills for myself or my team. In case for some reason other lanes are ungankable, take wraiths or wolves, by that time turret will clear your creeps and lane will reset.     Also having deeper wards in enemy jungle helps 1v1ing squishy enemy jungler.
1	Monte goes for save picks all the time: highest % Crumbz goes for underdog all the time: highest upset #
1	I don't understand all these threads about elo hell. Either it means that most people dont give a damn and will just AFK, flame, feed or leave the game or it means that you are stuck in a certain elo and can't advance because of shitty team.   Elo hell exists! YES! But at the same time it doesn't, because the definition of it isn't given and people relate to different things when they hear "elo hell".   Let me tell you how i play, i can do everything perfectly and go 10 - 0. There will still be this one(two or three) idiot who succeeds in making someone on the other team EVEN more fed. So even if i play better than 9/10 players per game i still have a pretty big chance to lose because if you carry a game but there are someone that is playing better than you. Then obviously he must carry even harder than you do, no? Unless of course, he is on your team.
0	Here is a well thought out explanation by everyone on why reposts are bad.
1	Oh come on! Give the man a break! I'm no ocelote fan, neither a pro but I can find myself raging sometimes because I may had a fight, a bad day or well I'm just plain mad at the game. I'm quite sure most of the people playing have raged once in a game.   Also, raging doesn't mean someone is a bad person or anything -- it just shows emotions and that's a way to handle overwhelming emotions, maybe not the best one but yes, you can see where I am going with this.
0	Reminds me of my roomate's 21st birthday! Here's what went down.   So everyone's there, including my close friend/girl I've been secretly in love with for several months. I hadn't told her because she'd been with this other guy for over a year.  Late in the night, after several drinks, all my friends are like, "Dude, go tell her how you feel!" and I'm like, "Why the hell didn't I think of that before?!" So I go into my room, where she and several of my friends are hanging out, and all friends walk out, leaving her and I alone. I sit down and tell her I've been in love with her for too long, and next thing I know, we are kissing like the world is ending in five minutes. We do the nasty, go downstairs to the party, and I shit you not- I Just Had Sex by The Lonely Island is playing. I promise, this is the truth. We laugh and high five, go to sleep a little later, wake up in the morning and do it again. She breaks up with her now-ex, and I am now dating the most beautiful, hilarious, intelligent, wonderful, cutest woman I have ever met, who is my best friend and the love of my life.
1	Try to get good at competitive level with more than 5 champs per player, it's crazy. With 5 bans you can ban the entire champion pool of a player.
0	This is how this happens.  Somebody thinks they are special and wants to throw themselves a party celebrating that.  So they invite people that aren't particularly close to them but are "friends" enough to have hung out with before.  These people feel no need to go and spend money on a casual friend's birthday when everyone has a birthday and it is no big deal.  So they shrug it off.  Who wants to go spend money having a meal and feeling an obligation to get a gift for an  acquaintance?  A party like what you're thinking of is a bunch of close people get together and decide you need a party.  So they arrange it and if many people don't show, at least the people that love you and arranged the event are there which is all that really matters.
1	He got a solo kill on Ryze which on patch 4.14 was considered a goddamn powerful lane-bully counter-pick to Mundo. He won a 1v1 against Ackerman, considered at one time to be one of the best top laners in the world, and at the time, considered a dominant top laner in NA.   He, along with Turtle, helped pull that series back, and ultimately was one of the driving forces that helped TSM make it to worlds last year.   Call him whatever the fuck you want, there's no one better in NA to replace him, and he's only improved over the span of his career.
0	If he gives you a bad reference, sue him.   Most companies in America won't give any sort of reference because it opens them up to lawsuits.   When I managed for Chipotle, we were told to not even bother calling references and if anyone called us for one, I couldn't say anything.  I had to give a 1-800 number that would only tell callers the dates someone was employed with us.
1	I'm not disagreeing that it's not good, I just think the Hydra is a lot more consistent.   For instance, Zed, level ~10, with hydra you'd be around 170 AD, with BotRK you'd be ~120 ( assuming you rushed it first item, ARPen Runes, just a rough idea)   Ult -> Auto -> Active -> E -> W - > Q. ( W so Shuriken hits an extra time)   With BotRK every ability will do less damage based on scaling, so it'd be (without armor)   Assuming two shurikens hit out of the three, your Q will do 75 more damage,  your W will passively give you more AD (only 2.5 more from the item at early levels) you'll get 40 more damage from your E, and your ult has a minimum of 50 more damage.   That's before the actives come into effect, with the item actives, on say a target at 1500 hp, (this would be extremely inefficient for Zed to burst a tank as opposed to just a carry), you're Botrk would do ~450 DPS, why hydra would only do 340.   Then you realize, the hydra just made all of your skills do more damage, for another 75 from the Q, another 40 from your E, and then more from your ult because you've done more damage.   Then you think about the passive stats you also gain from it, the minor healing and waveclear, as well as not having to wait a minute to be able to trade with people again, as the active is almost always up.
1	dude, people don't have to say ss or ping.   It's only a nice addiction if they do.   YOU should be watching the map and if the enemy kassadin isn't at the mid lane he can be coming for you. Im really tired of people blaming on others because of "No ss". Even if he said ss you most likely woudn't give a fuck about it. Taking a look at the minimap isn't really harder than taking the look at the chat.
0	Unfortunately; the dope game requires a different type of aptitude.  Former dope dealer here(DEA busted me for trafficking about 850 lbs pot in the late 90's); you might be surprised at the intelligence of some guys in the upper echelon of crime.  My IQ (when I cared to measure it) was consistently in the mid 130's.  Almost made it to having enough $$ to retire at 21; have been out of federal prison for nearly 10 years now and am nearly there again(legitimately this time).
0	There is no "black culture". Do you honestly believe someone black living in Nigeria has the same world view, attitude, demeanor, and style as someone black living in Atlanta, Georgia?   People's culture varies from place to place. Culture does not just stem from race but number of different factors. Things such as a person's level of education, language, religion, music, geographic location, and etc are just some of the things that help form a specific culture.   Not only that but people can be a mesh of different cultures. For example my parents are immigrated to the US from Haiti. The culture for blacks over there is much different from the culture of blacks over here. However, because I was born and raised in the US I have not only Haitian cultural ties but also have my Americanized view of the world. As do my parents since they've been here now for most of their life. And even within people who fall into the same category as my parents and I there are cultural differences. My parents themselves gripe about how dumb and horrible "Florida Haitians" are along with "Black Americans" who they think are the worst of the worst...
0	I think most people who favor feminism over Chivalry are younger people.  Hell I used to be one.  As you get older things have more meaning.  Gestures and politeness have more meaning.  There is also a code of conduct for being young, however its dramatically different than say, 30+ or 40+.  Each decade of life brings more meaning (good or bad) but I think its safe to say that the older you get, the more important it becomes to adhere to the code of conduct society has agreed on.
1	Dude its not needed because the rank you are at is roughly the rank you deserve. Like im silver 2 so id belong somewhere in between Silver 4 and Gold 5 roughly in skill level and I know that. But when I did my provisionals on a smurf I got placed gold 3. Anygame I play on that account now I just get wrecked.(Well not completely wrecked but its not exactly fun lol) Its just a waste of rp to do it because elo hell does not exist. I noticed this when I first got to silver from bronze and my friends who were still in bronze duoed with me. I shit all over the enemy even though I should be pretty close in skill to them.
1	Vi very quickly became my most played champion after her launch (with nearly 300 games so far). This is my perspective on why you don't see her in Summoner's Rift often anymore:   Vi was, at release, a serious Carry Jungler. She could build offensively in the jungle and (successfully) duel nearly any champion in the game. It was very common for me to finish games with twice as many kills as my ADC.   So what happened?     Nerfs to Q (interrupt cooldown)   Nerfs to W (reduced at lower ranks)   Nerfs to R (Reduced Damage, and now delays certain forms of CC rather than discarding them)   One of her favorite items, SotEL, also received nerfs to both its base damage and DoT.   Blue Ezreal appeared and became popular. For a while there was an Ezreal in nearly every game. Ezreal is hard enough to gank as it is, but the blue build makes it nearly impossible. You don't see Ez much right now, but people have already moved on to other junglers.   The current meta often expects the jungler to be the tanky initiator, especially with top laners like Tryndamere gaining popularity again. Top laners are building for pushing power and knocking down towers.     Vi has no poke (without nearby minions, anyway) and is the epitome of an all-in champion. She doesn't do the pre-fight dance very well, but punishes people  hard  for being out of position. She is (was) also a fantastic tank killer with her armor shred and %hp damage. The problem is, she can't do any of that very well now that her offensive build is less viable and she is expected to be a tank.
0	Black men and women have the lowest response rate on regular dating sites.  The response rate is 30% lower for black males compared to white males and around 35% lower for black females compared to their white counterparts.  It's racism (in it's passive form) that drive minorities to ethnocentric dating sites.
1	But isn't that different from the meta?  The current US meta is to just sit in your lane, farm and only go for kills when your jungler shows up.   M5 isn't doing that, so couldn't it be said that they aren't following the standard meta most of us know?   Edit:   Let me clarify what I am thinking.  Sorry if people are are thinking I am saying that this is a "new" meta, I just think that it is a little different with regards to play-style.  Yes, the combination of champions is basically the same.  Bruiser/AD/Support/AP/Jungle has yet to be proven less effective than any other combination, maybe the champion picks are different than anyone would necessarily expect, but the roles they fill are still basically the same.  The different part in my mind is the play-style.  Their decision making and this level of aggressiveness is just something the other teams aren't ready for.  From what I have seen most teams tend to stick to their own jungle and rarely invade and it seems that Moscow 5 know this and realize that these teams will have no idea what to do when they get constantly invaded like this.  This is obviously to me when SK's members aren't coming in to help Sleezy fight for his buffs where as everyone nearby for M5 heads in to help steal the buffs.  Also, because of their play-style they end up with a greater total gold with kills and towers being fairly equal, and this seems to happen every game.
1	I don't agree with you. I want you to imagine this scenario:   You enter lobby and are met by people calling out where they'd like to go.  You notice two people aren't talking.  They are 4th and 5th pick. The first three go exactly as planned. You called mid..took a strong mid champ...second grabbed the jungle and took smite...third volunteered to support.. Perfect. You're feeling damn lucky at this point.  Fourth without saying anything picks another strong mid ap champ. You're thinking "oh shit" and you say something like "okay..hey 5th pick dude, would you mind taking top?" ...you've got a chance to right this team comp. You'll go bot and do ap carry. That's not bad..fifth guy picks another jungler, takes smite, and doesn't say anything.   Answer: you have a counter jungle.  WRONG  you then have one lane with a support champion.   That game is basically unwinnable. The only thing you could do is have the first jungler who does communicate go top...but typically you're not looking at someone with strong harass. If the original jungler doesn't comply....gg. You have to do one in a lane with a support champion in the mix. He'll have lots of help, right? No. This is how that game goes:   Support gets pushed almost immediately. Hugs tower. Jungler is no where near ready for ganks.  At 8 minutes that tower is down. Your counter jungle gets killed because the enemy team realizes what's happening. Once bot is pushed the ad carry from the other team farms and shuts down your counter. He's now getting fed. You try to push your lane and help, but your counter jungler keeps running into the enemy woods and you have no vision because your support is completely shut down. You buy them. Now you're under farmed...especially because you are out of lane so often trying to help your team. Counter jungler switches to your jungle. Original jungler goes AFK because he's pissed...and it sucks further because he was one of the only people talking.  Surrender at 20. Second jungler suddenly says something in team chat "noob team".   This is not a dramatization. Team comps get absolutely ruined because of people who are unwilling to recognize they need to take a role. Or even just call a role so people earlier in the picking order don't lock in on something they won't be playing.  This does not happen once..this happens 3 out of 5 games.   Or at the start of a game: "brb. Getting Chinese" | never comes back.   Or: "noob <insert your champion name>" right after you don't dive the tower 2 v 4 with him.   There is no amount of carrying that gets you out of facing 3 or 4 fed champs. If you think elo hell doesn't exist..add me on league..I'll play like I see people play all the time...and we'll see if after I go 1/15/0 you manage to push a lane to their nexus.
1	To those of you who claim doing simple math such as adding 5,6,7 to the current time is easy and should not be a skill.   Having a human being personally calculate the timers themselves incorporates the chance of failure. A miscalculation on baron could literally turn a game around or help a team catch up based on the buff/gold itself or the simple presence and pressure of the buff/bosses existence on the field.   Also, having a giant ticking timer on the top of your screen pretty much assures all teammates will be ready for an objective to be up instead of the typical, dragons up and we're top lane because we forgot about the spawn time. (EVEN THOUGH, WE TYPED IT IN CHAT WHEN WE KILLED IT)
0	If that's what the law says then it must be true!   Indiana legislature attempts to establish pi as 3.2:
0	Did this at the post office one time.  Lady in line in front of me had her credit card declined for $4 in postage charges.  I paid her postage.  She was very grateful (she was shipping a birthday present to her niece). The postal clerk was very complimentary as well.  I didn't have the heart to tell them I was in a hurry and it was worth $4 just to move her out of the way and not have to sit there as she had the clerk try the card again and again while she rooted through her purse for change.
1	I feel like riot should compare these bugs to dumb decisions from refs in football games (european). Sure it sucks and in a perfect world it wont happen, but lets face it... this world aint perfect lol. Fnatic and omg both had plenty of opportunities to finish the game and to then redo it over something like this would imo be ridiculous.
0	That and the fact that if they do declare war on us we can just go and wipe away all that debt we have. That is a major function of borrowing from other nations they now have invested in your future and can't afford to lose that when they are so deep. That and we buy a lot of china's crap they can't afford to back N. Korea overtly. Covertly they may help but without the backing of the Chinese Military the N. Koreans are in trouble.
1	Thing is you can completely wreck yasuo with certain champs, yes he does have a really strong kit and yes his numbers probably should be tweaked but its a high-risk high-reward champ. His ultimate is strong but you have to build a team around it. You also failed to note tryndamere as a melee adc. Tryndamere has an invunerability for 6 seconds, as well as a very short cooldown gap closer that procs with crits, in addition to an AD debuff and heal making it impossible for most champions to duel him. The thing is melee adc are in a weird place but yasuo is not that much of an issue. Lee sin all be it is not a melee adc but his kit has a lot of utility and damage and again you dont even compare the two.
1	People shouldn't be ridiculed about these things regardless if they are true or not, sure if it's true it can hurt more, but people are often hypnotized into believing negative remarks when they hear it from many sources. Simple stuff like you're stupid from half a dozen people over time really can get to someone. For instance, my brother grew up thinking he was so stupid because he was held back (hospital, nearly died when he was in 2nd grade.) Was he? No, he had bad self esteem and ended up not applying himself and just making excuses, "I'm stupid." Later as an adult he came to understand this shit isn't true but that doesn't mean it didn't impact him incredibly deeply.   Moral of the story, everything we say and do has consequences, we can't be perfect. One side shouldn't let it bother them, the other side shouldn't have said/done it. That's unfortunately not how it is. Imo the biggest key to success in life is simply coping with it.   It's cool that you were relating with her, that's kind of why we're all here in the LoL subreddit? To connect with other (hopefully level minded) LoL fans. Well that and to find badass LoL content.
1	No. Just. No.   Fanboy-ism, as you call it, makes everything worse. You should watch streams because YOU enjoy the streamer for whatever reason. Maybe you want to improve your game on a specific role, a streamer specializing in that would obviously rank higher than another.   Maybe you enjoy watching people rage (cause it's funny to some people), go ahead and watch rageshotgg, but personally, I'd rather avoid that bullshit and not see the plague that ruins this community. Raging at teammates destroys this game, and I'd much rather watch someone who doesn't call his teammates retards, no matter how bad they are.   The number of viewers on a stream is simply popularity, and that comes from many things. Hotshot got his viewers (most likely, I honestly have no clue how/why people can watch him) from his plays at a tournament with Nidalee. And following that, just because a stream is popular, doesn't mean it's good, nor does it mean that it's what you personally would like to watch.
0	No Video Hits, Video Palace, or Video Video? What kind of future are we barreling towards?   On a side note, one of our local video places when I was a kid had a huge old boat inside the store. They had removed the interior, engine and motor, seats, original flooring, etcetera. They painted it some wild fuchsia, pink, and orange, put carpet inside with some bean bag chairs, and a big tv that always had a kids movie playing (like Batteries Not Included). It was a magical place to go on Friday nights. Us kids would browse the video games section for a bit, maybe glance at some comedies, and then head straight for the boat, while whoever's dad that had brought us tried to nonchalantly look at the soft core porn on the back shelf.
0	Took a theorey in Asian American something something, the class was essentially how the white man is destroying Asian culture and lively hood, here are a few examples or the biased lessons.     any westernization/movement of white people to Asian lands is cultural domination/imperialism, yet when Asians move to the US we are Culturally oppressing them. I mean they are doing the same thing that would be bad if they were the white people but they aren't white.     the city of Los Angeles in the 90's held a giant fair to bring in culture of other nations and peoples in; and instead of this being looked at as good natured it, was seen as the white man showing dominance over the minorities  (I still don't see how).     A few military bases that were set up during WWII by the United States I can see being a problem now, but the people in those areas are saying stuff like "It wasn't even out war!" and crying.  Really? It wasn't your war? Hitler was just going to pass this small Island and be like "Hey guys should we racially cleanse this island?" and his advisers are just like "Oh no Hitler we can't they aren't part of this war."
1	You forgot about the whole ggchronicle thing in S1.
1	If you can't kill him ask your jungler to come help killing the turret with you.   If he freezes the lane, just go mid and take turret.   Still freezing ? go bot and get turret.   Still freezing ? get all the turrets on the map.
1	I've been reading comments on this thread for a while now, and your comment made me realize something. Yes, the contest is rigged, but not in the way people have been speculating. Such contests are usually marketing ploys, and this is no exception. They probably wanted to promote diversity, since this is Europe, or to present themselves in a certain light. That's why they chose submissions in different languages. However, most of the submissions were probably in English, and quality submissions emitter languages were likely hard to one by. Riot will probably not comment on this issue, since their marketing strategies are secret and too complex to explain or justify to users they are supposed to affect. It is sad, but this contest is not intended to give something back to players or to do a good thing. Riot is a company and operates as such. This strategy is  in this case obviously a miss, but hopefully they will learn from it.
1	depending on the champ they play, in most cases IE is the best out of the 3 as it gives the most upfront damage. bork is quite good for the late game and for carries with double synergy with the item (vayne, kog, twitch), but in lane where you trade with a marksman and a support they don't have high enough hp pool to behin with for bork's passive to outscale the IE powerspike (25ad vs 80ad crit and increased crit dmg).   As for BT... this item is plain bad after the nerfs, if one's to get it it's usually like 4th or 5th item to further increase the damage of the IE. Let's say you rush BT in lane and your opponent gets IE, in order for BT to be of any use you must stack and keep the shield, which happens by autoattacking, if you auto alot you push the lane, you push the lane you're exposed for a jungle gank, if they gank you while overextended that shield will do you close to no-good once they start bursting you.   In the mid-lategame however when you're teamfighting alot the 20% lifesteal and the shield would make a great difference once those enemy tanky dudes get in your face.
1	People who complain about how you can't manage your lane so you get them to switch, then they get killed a million times and claim it's either "because they're fed now" or "this is a different enemy champ than you had".  Meanwhile, the complaint about me was that I recalled too much... they had no jungler and I was 2v1 with a voli on top lane.
1	I agree with this in principal, and I think people should be more flexible in normals. However, I think this is commonly used as an excuse to troll or piss about because you were unhappy with how champ select went which is unacceptable. Also the meta is there for very good reason and the only counter meta stuff that works is often played by pro players (remember lane swaps used to be really rare & ap trynd).
1	Alright. Let's see if i can run through this.   We'll start with his Passive.   He simply speeds himself up in time, and slows the target. Standard world time is unaffected. This can basically be him using "Magic Science" to transfer his own mass to the target, increasing his own potential velocity, and reducing the targets.   However, time dilation could be used, if it was, he just slows everything relative to him, and speeds everything up relative to the target.   Now his Q.   Interstellar uses black holes as their movie magic. An actual black hole would be unforgiving, entering the event horizon would be the end of it. Therefore, you would be unable to contain in an object a force equivalent to a black hole. A black hole small enough be contained would evaporate before containment.   [Here]( is the math for the black hole evaporation rates. Not assuming a black hole is used, a contained super massive object could be used. The intense gravity would dilate time around it, creating a slowing field. However, you could not shut it off, so it would always dilate time. Not to mention being super massive.   Parallel convergence   This one is a bit insane... but the way this one would have to work, is that 2 parallel universes converged at the point in time which this skill is activated. The activation does not cause the convergence, the convergence causes the activation. Welcome to string theory.   As for the slow, mumbo jumbo, gravity, time dilation, etc etc. The stun could be a type of feedback cause by a paradox style interaction between the convergence and the current universe' anchor(the z drive). In game we see the target halted, and just idle. This could be their whole synapse getting shocked or disabled, or they could just get extremely disoriented for a moment.   The shield can be considered a fail safe built into the z-drive to prevent damage when such events occur.   Now for Phase Dive   This is a simple dash. 2 explanations that are easy/fun.   He then accelerates to insane speeds, almost instantly. Roughly 250mph/400kph   Or the second part would be continuity tampering. The dash happened, but by changing the outcome without affecting the action taking place would change the end location of the dash, resulting in a teleport like occurrence for anyone observing the instance. The range limitation is just the fudge factor available to the z-drive. This is straight bs, and would require 6th dimensional movement. But it's a really fun explanation.   Chronoshift   This one is kind of easy, if you consider that the z-drive has multi dimensional movement. Else, it's acceleration based. We'll do acceleration first.   We will also ignore the after image, as this is for clarity, and has no actual effect.   Ekko uses the z-drive to not only drop his mass, but then accelerate to almost light speed, stopping time from his perspective, reapplying his mass when he has reached a point  prior to the activation of the drive. 4 seconds is a nice spot. This would appear as a teleportation, and the drop from that speed would create a discharge that could damage people.   For the fun one, using dimesions. Ekko activates the z-drive to step out of time, he spends a tad in an alternate time period, healing some of his wounds, then steps back into the current time period to a location he was at 4 seconds prior, discharging the energy used to move him.   Post  Most of this would be impossible. Fundamental forces would kill Ekko if any of this ever happened. Using magic is the only way to explain any of it, and at that point, letting the Z-drive actually manipulate points in time would be the best explanation. Rifts could be used, selective control effects in an area, and shifts in continuity are not that difficult. Let's face it, Ekko has a portable tardis, an 11th dimensional machine.
0	Really?  That's odd.  I don't remember any of the old people in the nursing homes I've visited ever saying that they wish they could go back and spend more of their life on school and work.  Distraction?  Yes.  Joyful purpose?  Absolutely not.   And as far as children, let's start with Dan Gilbert, Harvard professor of social psychology and happiness expert who says in his book "Stumbling On Happiness" that the happiness that supposedly comes from raising children is a falsehood created through evolutionary pressures.  It's synthesized.  In a 2013 issue of the Harvard Gazette, Gilbert says "While people might refer to them as 'bundles of joy,' said Gilbert (who has a son and grandchildren), 'theyâ€™re not a source of happiness.' He displayed a bar graph showing that  childless adults are much happier than parents . 'Once people have kids, thereâ€™s a downturn in happiness,' he said, which isn't reversed until the kids move out. 'The only symptom of empty nest syndrome,' Gilbert said, chuckling, 'is nonstop smiling.'   He's not alone.  There's the 2004 study by Daniel Kahneman, a Nobel Prizeâ€“winning behavioral economist, who surveyed 909 working Texas women and found that child care ranked sixteenth in pleasurability out of nineteen activities. Do you grasp that?  On any given day and any given time, these women when given a choice of what activity they would be happier doing chose the following things over spending time with their children: preparing food, watching TV, exercising, talking on the phone, napping, shopping, and housework.  Housework!  They'd rather do dishes, laundry or clean the cat box.  Evolutionary pressures don't allow them to admit that to themselves, but the data doesn't lie.   Then there's the economist Andrew Oswald, whoâ€™s compared tens of thousands of Britons with children to those without.  He states: â€œThe broad message is not that children make you less happy; itâ€™s just that children donâ€™t make you more happy.   Unless you have more than one.  Then the studies show a more negative impact.â€ Most studies show that mothers are less happy than fathers, that single parents are less happy still, that babies and toddlers are the hardest, and that each successive child produces diminishing returns.  So, not only does any number of children not  add  happiness but the more you have the more misery they pile on.  The best you can hope for is to have only one and then at least you can stay no more miserable than before... other than the added costs to your wallet, your sleep, your attention and your own goals and dreams.   And finally Robin Simon, a sociologist at Wake Forest University, says parents are more depressed than nonparents  no matter what their circumstances â€”whether theyâ€™re single or married, whether they have one child or four.
1	would you be able to tell me how big they actually are?   They are big enough to use the threat of "having to" fire employees or cut their hours to below the new cutoff of 30 hr/week over the passing of Obama's healthcare act because if they were forced to provide health care per the act they would have to increase the price of their pizzas by 11-14 cents each.
1	lets break down your match history, starting at the oldest game.   Khazix game (loss): terrible cs, bad score, got what you deserved   Cait+Kass games (wins): decent performance, got what you deserved   Kass game (loss): decent score, bad cs, probably kinda deserved to win but didn't.. although it's really easy to carry with Kass if you know what you're doing   Lucian game (loss): absolutely abysmal CS+score, also probably should have taken cleanse over barrier. got what you deserved   kha game (win): good score, bad cs, still won, deserved   2 cait games (both losses): bad cs in both, bad score in both, deserved   diana game (win): pretty good performance, got what you deserved   riven jungle game (loss): decent score, mediocre cs, probably just barely deserved to win, but lost.
0	I'm familiar with Argumentum ad populum, but it doesn't apply in this case because there is actual science to back it. That's why I made the comparison to the sun, because it's both obvious and very explainable. I conclude my statement to be true because proof exists, and then many people agree.   And by your ladder statement, you could argue that anything isn't real since human bias is always a factor, and you could propose any grandiose and absurd roundabout way to conclude nothing is real. I.E. watch the matrix, inception, dark city, etc.   It's only practical to follow a human bias manner of thought for very obvious reasons. We are human. Trying to extrapolate yourself from that not only earns you nothing, but is entirely useless (unless we one day meet some ET's)
1	Might be slightly unrelated, but if you aren't amazing at the game so far, you might want to play blind pick. I got my lil sister to play, and the bots are better then some of the people she plays against. Yes, the bots don't exactly chase very well, or know when someone will obviously kill them, but they can use their abilities right. Level 1 randoms? I've seen many of them get 2, upgraded boots because they think they stack. I know it's unrelated but just my opinion.
1	It currently includes 375,000 Summoners who have participated in ranked. While that is not everyone, it should give a pretty good indicator.   Don't underestimate the number of players hovering around that Elo. Currently in my database, there are 209,758 players below Mimiko's Elo, but are above 1200 Elo. There are another 80,000 players below 1200 Elo. Only 84,000 Summoners are above Mimiko in Elo.
0	The whole "men get raped, too" argument isn't helping anyone   Sure, how about that:   Since the vocal minority of your gender called feminists, which emerged as a bunch of too self-conscious women who thought women of early to-mid 1900s were informed enough to have the right to vote and should've been gone by now, but for some reason continues striving completely discredits the fact that male rape is somehow important (but not female rape), we, males, have to play passive aggressive because of the stereotype-based patriarchal society you have been helping us to build throughout the millennia?
0	Well, comment graveyard, but I'll bite this once. I can only speak to the catholic viewpoint on the subject, so maybe someone else can pick up one of the other religion(s).   The Church teachings on sexuality, abortion, contraception, and celibacy are all very tightly linked. Many people believe that the church claims that sexual activity is the "best" state for humans, but this is actually false. I believe it was St Paul (or Peter, I'm bad at this) who said "... It is better for a man to be alone." Sex is great, and the Church recognizes that, but sex is viewed as the fulfillment of marriage by the Catholic Church. The act of procreation is seen as a positively spiritual experience in which a committed couple opens themselves to each other and to new life. As such, removing the potency of the action is interpreted in one of two ways.  One, you don't trust your partner to help raise children, so why are you screwing them in the first place? Two, you're just doing it because it feels good and not as an expression of love which is selfishness in the highest degree.
1	nahhh, her mana costs meant she was doing what other supports were doing but then running out of mana.   i did the math a while back and her sustain was the most mana-costly excepting Taric, who isn't picked for his sustain but for his all-in with hard CC and armor shred.   the weakness of Sona was that if you poked even just a little bit and forced her to sustain with W, she would run out of mana to poke with Q + power chord. then she'd become a lackluster passive sustain support.   she was overnerfed (Nautilus patch, #134) then buffed back to viability. IMO the bigger patch was #142 (mana cost of Q Changed to 45/50/55/60/65 from 65) and not #143 (QoL changes).   FWIW, the 'over-dramatized changes' were:   Power Chord damage adjusted to 10 per level from 14+9 per level.  Hymn of Valor passive attack damage and ability power aura reduced at earlier ranks to 4/8/12/16/20 from 8/11/14/17/20.  Aria of Perseverance passive armor and magic resist aura reduced at earlier ranks to 3/6/9/12/15 from 7/9/11/13/15.  Song of Celerity passive movement speed aura reduced at earlier ranks to 4/8/12/16/20 from 8/11/14/17/20.
1	How was that trashtalking?   There has only been 3 "international" events since the formation of C9 as a team.   We all know that the one Worlds that happened since the formation of C9 had a format where they showed up and played 1 Bo3 and that was it and it was against Fnatic. During all stars, in group stages, C9 took matches off OMG and TPA. At IEM "Worlds" Season 8, C9 beat both TPA and WE in that shitty format of a Bo1.   Yet Monte decides to say his standard passive aggressive bullshit of "won't take your team seriously" (read: your team's shit) unless you perform at an international level. So basically his definition of "perform at an international level" is a completely arbitrary statement because he has no problems with Fnatic, OMG, Positive Energy, and Invictus Gaming in that same Top 10 list. Fnatic has about the same performance record internationally. Invictus Gaming has a worse record being that the one international event they went to, they didn't make it out of group stages. OMG has about the same performance record as C9. Positive Energy hasn't even been to an international event so of all the teams on there, by default, they have the worst international record being that they have none.   Yet of all the teams on the list, Monte singles out C9 as having failed to perform internationally and can't be taken seriously.
1	The idea of the support is to protect and essentially get the ADC fed, as the ADC can have one of the largest damage outputs in a game. You get an ADC fed, and you will typically have a better chance of winning.   The support will gain gold off of Assists and such, and using GP10's.   A good support has masteries/runes to counter that gold/exp loss, and it's really a fun position to play Defender for your ranged carry.
1	The natural result of having a constant playing space and playing at a professional or similarly high level is that smart, skilled individuals figure out the ideal way for the game to be played on that game space.   In the case of the use of the word "meta" meaning where characters go on the map, the map's geography as well as the efficient use of gold resources resulted in the discovery of the ideal way to utilize character resources. One character takes advantage of the strategic pressure options and gold resources in the jungle, an unsafe, level-reliant character with roam or pushing potential goes to the shortest lane, mid. As a map with 4 income centers, 3 lanes and the jungle, but a 5 man game, one character on the team should bring utility that requires no gold to make an impact in the game (as we've seen recently, they created their own 5th income method through support items to give this role more interesting choices). And in order to have greater control over the most important early game neutral objective, dragon, more people should be located on the bottom side of the map. Who do you put with the utility-focused non-farming champion? A weak character that requires farm more than levels in order to begin having an impact in the game. This leaves top lane open, and I believe that top lane has the most options as far as champions go; often the competitive metagame for top lane shifts to fill a necessary team role that isn't ideal in another lane. For example, damage top laners were popular when tank junglers like Zac were popular, and then when damage junglers became more ideal people began playing more tanks top lane (this was also influenced by tanky item choices).   Therefore, because these ideas and reasonings were figured out by high-level players we slowly began to have a meta-game of champion positions develop, especially at the highest competitive levels of the game, where playing the most ideal and the most efficient way can have high impact on your career. I explain all this because you seem to be looking at the meta-game as an arbitrary thing when it is actually very meditated.   This meta forming in high-level and competitive play coincided with the incredible surge in popularity of eSports and League of Legends in particular. With more and more average players watching and learning from this high level of play where efficiency is of the utmost importance, they picked up on the same meta-game the professionals were using. Average players have never been forced to adhere to the same meta-game, however many players also seek to have the same ideal conditions for victory in their games and will expect the same from their peers. Simply put, playing in a different method is putting your teammates at a disadvantage and if they do not appreciate the novelty behind it, they will ask you in one form or another to not do so.   In regards to your second use of meta-game, involving champion builds and picks rather than champion positions, it often comes down to the ideal use of a character again. This post is already huge so I'll refrain from going on too much, but champions are designed with certain scalings, abilities, and identities, because that is how character creation simply works. In the past, characters like Sion were created with many different options but no solid identities and this makes for stale and imbalanced gameplay. The recent design choices of focusing champions around a certain stat and an identity makes dynamic design possible. If a champion like Yasuo had many different build options, his gameplay would surely have to suffer in order to balance these many options.   Relating this back to champion positions, when riot now releases champions they recommend a role for them; again using Yasuo, they recommended him mid. This is because he fits the characteristics of midlaners I previously discussed. Riot isn't forcing anyone to follow this suggestion, in fact Yasuo jungle has been played in OGN, widely seen as the highest level of play currently.   Aside from champions being designed with an identity, the meta-game of strong champion picks and builds is constantly changing because of the hard and deliberate work of the LoL balance team.   In summation, it is important to remember that the meta-game you feel is crushing your fun is simply the ideal way to play the game. It is absolutely not the only way to play the game, and is not being forced upon you by anyone. However, the average player will want you to follow the most ideal method of playing the game because the average player enjoys victory more than novelty. It is your decision whether or not to be controlled by them; you can't get banned for not following the meta. If you really want to explore the possibilities in the game, get a group of friends together that want to adventure with you.
1	Did anyone else skip to
1	Would you rather be banned or suspended? This form of punishment doesn't change anything unless it is for long periods of time.   The chat restriction has helped many people play better and be better people in the community.   The games that you lost are not chat restrictions fault, and if they were (they are not) it is still your fault for getting chat restricted.   Use a piece of paper to time buffs.  When you know you are safe and moving camp to camp, just write it down   The smart ping system in the game lets you communicate the majority of things to your team.
1	You can counter Nami with Leona. You can e+q to her. She is quite squishy even with health runes so looses direct contact. It's good to do engage after her w (heal/atack) and even better after she uses her q (buble). Her abilities have quite a lot of CD at first.
1	I can't play top period. Yes I can play Singed top or Teemo top because they are basic, but what I mean is I went up to 1600 elo and have 0 experience top. How will I gain that experience? By playing top in ranked to play against proficient players and loose? My normal elo games are really easy since I always play with my friends and end up losing more often then not due to semi-trolling. I can play all other 4 roles quite proficiently.   Top lane is a snowball domination lane or a passive farming lane. I will either get farmed or feed like hell if I go top. This I will always know.   Pretty much, what I'm trying to say. Realistically being proficient at 5 rolls and playing ranked is very hard unless you have massive experience or are just really good. Especially when you gain huge amounts of Elo in other roles so you can't even come close to comparing your skills to that of your match up.   People also at higher elo tend to have 2~4 champions they play a lot to gain massive elo. One, SpamHappy, played ONLY POPPY to get to 2.5k Elo. Yes, only poppy. Their knowledge and just feel for that champion becomes exceptional. People who play the champions they are comfortable with tend to win. Why do you think the first to break 3k made it? If you ever watch stream 2.5k+ elo all meta all CARE dissolves. They do what they want. FLord just played his best champions and continued to win at a high rate.
0	i bmxed for a couple of years.... aftwr a while i was still pretty fat (weighed 240) was never really any muscle excepr my legs were pretty built. eventually got a girlfriend and started working out. at first i did the spartacus workout, 3 days a week foe about 30 minutes, went down to 180 in a couple of months. when i first started to actually try to gain size, i could squat 155 first try but that was because my legs were decwnt from years of pedalling jumping and abuse.  now to get to my point
1	An easy way to avoid this would've been to look in the recently played tab of your friends list and compare his name to see if he was the same player from before. He was probably pretty salty about losing and didn't need to be reminded about it, even though that is no excuse for being toxic/negative.   Basically, try to employ my motto of don't talk to people unless it is strategically vital or to put the other team on tilt without ACTUALLY saying anything negative.
1	Ok, I might get downvoted for this, seeing as I posted earlier but it's so far down so it feels like it won't get noticed, apologies Aristite for using your comment to make it shown. But here it goes: First off, I have not played Jungle Shyvana s3 so I have nothing to add and/or complain about there, I will just have to take your word for it.   Secondly, I mildly disagree with you about the top lane weakness. After around 10 games (not a great number for empirical data, but bare with me please, I haven't played her since s2 until last week) against various champs, I have over 12 kills, less than 5 deaths and over 15 assists on a game average, haven't lost lane once. I do not intend to boast, just putting it out there for some data. Loads of times(not all) you can adapt to the lane by items, especially now with the new items, and don't hesitate to ask for an early gank if you feel that the enemy champion will counter you.   >W pushes the lane SUPER hard   3 things to take into account:     Wards wards wards. I cannot emphasize this enough, wards saves lives.   Whole point of W is just that, pushing. By putting pressure on their top laner, he must either sacrifice turret or ask for help (a lot like Singed's purpose). Once enemy toplaner get enough sustain, the lane will just become a  null state  which makes your worry fade.  *By pushing it up to their turret, you're free to either steal some jungle or gank mid by going through their jungle. By doing this enough times you're forcing them to either ward both tribush and river (if you're blue side), or they will be forced to act by going to golem (if you're purple side). That's not a lot I know, but every ward costs gold (unless jungler with Sightstone puts ward for the top laner). Just make sure you have escape options ready (such as Dragonform, 100 seconds ain't that long cd, especially when you can reduce it by fighting).     >No sustain, terrible ranged poke   Although this is true, hitting the E is a lot like Lee's Q, maybe not have smartcast toggled? (assuming you have it on) Anyway, she's a fighter, she's meant to be up their ass, fisting as much as possible with her Claw(too brute?). With her mixed set of damage she should be able to somewhat trade, if you can calculate when it is worth it or not, many people tend to ignore the fact that minions also hurt for quite much early stage. W can help with that as it also drops the minions around. But alas! You had a legit arguement for this as well!:   >and enemies can easily punish Shyvana by running away while W is on and then jumping on her as soon as it ends.   Simply put:  know your limits.  When it's around 2 seconds left of W, turn around from your "chase", you will be back behind your minions by this time so if they jump you, you should have some coverage by minions. If they run back everytime you run towards them and using W, they will lose gold from minions if you execute it well i.e. when they're going to your minions to get the cs, which either forces them to take a few blows or they fall back and lose the cs.   >Allow Shyvana's E to hit every unit in a straight line/a cone in  dragon form   Gonna assume you meant Human Form, as the dragon form already does it in a cone, which is the purpose of dragon form; to enhance the spell making it much more worth than being in human form.   Your third point about the impenetrable armor, I like it a lot.   How I start most of the times with her (toplane):  Masteries: 21/9/0 Runes: ArP reds, Armor yellows, mr/level blues, lifesteal quints. Items: x2 Rejuvenation beads, 1 pot, 1 ward (CANNOT afford to die early game with her, unless enemy laner does too). Items in general per game: Ravenous hydra(I actually rush this because it fits my playstyle to push then roam), boots varies depending on enemy team, Black Cleaver, Maw of malmortius/Wit's End, Trinity Force/Frozen mallet, Zephyr/Last Whisper/GA.  Note:  Yes, I do realize that I lack attack speed, I just value raw damage before quick hits, that way it doesn't matter if you can't catch up to people all the time in the chases, as long as you dish out more damage at once.   Item order:  x2 Rejuvenation beads -> Vamp scepter -> level 1 boots -> Ravenous Hydra/level 2 boots, depending on what you face top, sometimes you need that ninja tabi -> Boots lvl 2 or Hydra, depending what you built before -> hexdrinker if you lane vs magic, brutalizer if you're against another bruiser -> Hexdrinker/brutalizer -> Black Cleaver -> Phage -> Maw of Malmortius/sell Hexdrinker buy Wit's End -> Last Whisper/Zephyr/GA -> Trinity Force/Frozen Mallet.   Youmuu's Ghostblade can be bought instead of Black Cleaver, I just prefer the extra health but definitely Ghostblade is a valid item, seeing its activation provides attack speed and its passive gives +10 more ArP than BC. 20 less damage though, personal preference what to pick in my opinion.
0	Oh god I know this feeling.  I work as a Chef in a Hibachi restaurant.  I am also the only white guy, working with 6 other chefs, who all happen to be of hispanic descent. Any time I walk by, and they are speaking spanish, they stop immediately.  I've been secretly learning spanish for the past year I have worked there.  I can understand a fair bit of it now, I just can't speak it well.  They wonder why I stay pissed, its because I know for fact they talk shit about me, constantly.  I have been doing this a year, of course I can't prep as fast as you, but I still do the same amount of work.  I want to punch each and every one of them, right in the fucking face.  I love doing what I do, but I hate having to do it beside these assholes.
0	Yes. A lot of the time, the answer itself doesn't really matter (at least not in school), but the method you used to get there. Teachers want you to use a certain method to make sure you understand how that method works. Sure, it may be easier to do it another way, but if that easier way is all you know, there'll come a time when you won't be able to solve a problem using that easier method. It'll only be possible to solve it using a different method. And yes, that method may be longer and/or more complicated, but it'll get you the answer much more reliably.   Keeping with the math motif of this thread, an example would be multiplication vs. addition. If you only ever learned multiplication, that'd help you solve plenty of problems, but there would come a time when it'd be easier or even only possible to answer with addition. Like say you could just memorize that 2 x 3 = 6, but if you forget it anywhere along the road, you're screwed. If you also know addition, you could know that 2 x 3 = 2 + 2 + 2 = 6. Sure, doing 2 + 2 + 2 would take longer, but it'll get you the answer all the same, and much more reliably, since it's not solely reliant on you memorizing it.
0	Rather than just downvote you and let you continue to think you're right in your opinion, I'm going to try to explain just how fucked this line of thinking is.   Like OP, I was pretty much put in this same position with an ex of mine. I have been friends with this girl since jr high, lets call her FF. She and I knew pretty much everything about each other and had been about as close as friends can be for quite a few years. After leaving highschool and going to college we pretty much lost touch and only communicated every once in a blue moon.   Now, my ex-gf is the extremely jealous type. It got to a point where I had to send her pictures of receipts or when I clocked off of work just to avoid an argument about where I was at what time. Yes, I know just how unhealthy that is now.   Anyways, I made the mistake of mentioning to her that I had gotten back into contact with my friend, and of course she went ballistic about that calling me a player, a cheat, ect. Me, wanting to avoid any and all confrontation about the issue took screenshots of the conversation to show her it was purely platonic and nothing inappropriate had been said. I ended the conversation with a casual "love ya FF" because she had given me some good advice. Anyone reading the conversation would understand the context of the "love ya FF" and know it wasn't meant in a romantic sense.   This set her off even worse and lead to her giving me even more crap about it. Ultimatums, her or me, etc. So I decided to do what I thought was the mature thing and tell FF that my ex-gf didn't like us talking and that I should end up, because I knew she'd be the understanding one in the situation. Well, that still didn't help as she went and fucked her ex in retaliation. If someone puts you in a situation where you're having to choose between them and your friend, there's usually some deep insecurities on their part that won't be resolved by picking between the two.
1	So. I've got a couple of ideas. The first one being a champ that deals magic damage with autonattacks, simply enough. Could crit, - not sure how it'd go wih lifesteal/spellvamp though. Unsure as well if the autos would scale wi AP or AD.   Another one is a versatile fucker. Like. Super fucking versatile. Either changing base stats in addition to his spells abilities (IE: Q = some sort of dmg, increases AD or AP scaling on abilities. Or crit, or whatnot. W = shirld and some MR / armor. E = short stun and a MS boost, the passives woul be non- stackable unless ult is on. R= allows the extra effects from various abilities stack with eachother for X seconds, as well as increasing range or duration on stun, shield deals half it's amount in damage when disappearing, Q applies either a slow or a DoT.)   OOOOOR some champ that can kind of tailor his skillset. Starts of weak, below than average stats.. But at X level (or just beginning of the game) he / she / it can choose to domewhat take on the tole of ADC, SUPP, TANK or AP.  AD form could be given some thing AA related, and a bit extra range - even if starting out as melee to begin with. Abilities would gain various offensive aspects (AD scaling, something something something.) the supp spec would allow for casting some spells on allies for shields or heals, as well as potentially adding armor or MR shred to one of the abilities.   The tank would have CC, as well as.. Uh. Maybe tenacity, mr and armor base boost. HP scaling on defensive abilities.   AND THEN THE AP. AP scaling and flat dmg increase on abilities,something that opens up for combos.   And another one. A ranged assassin using some sort of hands or such to damage enemies - primarily not having a projectile. The hand appearing next to the targer before hitting them.. Or anything like that. Stealth or kind of short range and extreme mobility would be awesome. Especially if coupled with doing mafic damage on AA. I can imagine something like a child (or yordle) with spectral or just magic disembodied hands who he uses to attack.
0	Silly human. The surveillance system is global just as the systems of oppression that fuel it are. You're again thinking too small.   It's understandable though. The threat approaching has never before been seen by your people. Though your species really does excel at tyranny, the shackles your tyrants could close around the people have been limited by their geographical reach.   But no longer.   All of your futures are filled with danger. You live in an age of peace among tyrants. And their shackles are closing around the entire world.   But do not fear. Take care of each other and balance will come again.
0	Berating people's style is so incredibly juvenile it stopped being funny in middle school. So juvenile, in fact, that it pisses me off to the extent that I feel the need to explain to you why like you're five. No one is wearing a hat to impress you because no one gives a damn what you think, and your continued mocking of it is strong evidence that you still believe the world revolves around you and/or your opinion, which equates to having a fragile ego or a very young mind.
1	If your elo is 1800 at the end of season 2, the soft reset will take you to 1500 for the start of season 3.  It's [(1200 + your current elo) / 2].  So don't worry too much.   More importantly even if I'm wrong about the soft reset formula, a soft reset has been announced so no matter what formula riot uses, everyone in your current game will be the same people in your post reset games.  2k people will still be fighting 2k people, but instead you'll be called 1600 people, this doesn't mean you are queuing with and against people who were 1600 last season.  Those 1600 people from last season will be called 1400 people after the reset.
0	Premise: I am half black and half white so I can be as racist as I fucking want.)   Alright, what you (presumably) white people don't realize is that, EVERY OTHER AWARDS SHOW IS FOR WHITE PEOPLE.   --90% of TV shows and movies have white main actors and actresses.  --100% of networks are owned by white people (Including you're favorite channel to bash, BET) --I can really go on and on but you can youtube search "Kanye West Taylor Swift" and you will get the idea. "BEYONCE HAD THE BEST MUSIC VIDEO OF ALL TIME". Though that might not be true, it was damn sure better than Swift's.   This all comes back to the clever white person adage "if white people had a channel called White Entertainment Television it would be so racissssstt" .... EVERY OTHER CHANNEL ON AMERICAN CABLE IS WHITE ENTERTAINMENT TELEVISION   This then comes back to how Black Power is looked at as positive movement whereas anyone who screams "White Power" is a racist.  Black people have a struggle that they need to unite for. A struggle that was imposed on them by the whites, originally.  What long term, fucked up struggle have white people, in America, gone through?  A white person screaming white power is like saying they would like to maintain said power, power that blacks have never had in America.   You need to put yourself in another person's shoes every once in a while.   I started this post by saying I am half black and half white to say now that I receive the most hate out of anyone in America.  I will tell you how: --Dark skinned dudes hate me because it is easier for me to get a job and for white people to like me. Also, dark skinned girls are assumed to be more attracted to light skinned dudes (NOT EVERY DARK SKINNED PERSON IS LIKE THIS BUT I WOULD SAY A MAJORITY ARE) --I get hate from white people because, well, white people do not like black people (NOT EVERY WHITE PERSON IS LIKE THIS BUT I WOULD SAY A MAJORITY ARE)
0	Former shy guy here, i understand where you're coming from completely, OP. That being said, there comes a time when you have to step up as a man, and make that first move. I was terrible with this  for years . One of the hardest (and therefore, most valuable) lessons I've ever had to learn is that there comes a time when a boy needs to be courageous, to be a man. Sure you don't  have  to make the first move, but if you intend to have a relationship with this girl, making the first move will show her that you are not afraid to take the lead in the relationship. As a man, you lead the relationship, and as a woman, she is to be your partner.
1	The reason that I don't use teambuilder is that I usually play with friends and we dont know whos going where till the last second, if we did team builder we'd spend more time sitting around that playing.
0	I had a dream once:   In it, while walking my dog like I do every night I was hit by an impaired driver.  The dream thankfully made it so I passed out during the impact. I woke up to what I assume was supposed to be my mother hovering over me in what was supposed to be a hospital (remember this is a dream shit is weird) and I tried to sit up but instead my legs came up.  I thought in my dream that's strange and looked at my now elevated legs, but they were not there. So I threw off the blanket to find nothing but gauze rapped nubs.  Other than that I was fine so they cleared me to go home.  I was in shock and all I wanted to do was pet my dog.  This is when Dr. Kelso told me that my dog had been killed in the accident.   That's when I woke up in a cold sweat, my dog lying at the foot of my bed and my toes pointing up, where they should be.   That is when I did something really foolish, I thanked the world that this could never happen...
0	Actually by most estimates, our population will increase until about 9 billion, then when the Indian and Middle Eastern booms subside, it will start to go down.  The best population control is education and job creation.  Every country that worried about becoming overpopulated eventually reached a point where educating and feeding their children became so expensive they couldn't have 9 kids anymore.
0	Of course, though, we are not behind the Iron Curtain. The death penalty has popular support in the jurisdictions where it gets used. Something like 60% of Americans support it. It is even supported in places where it is not used (see: Michigan).   Just because something is popular does not mean it is right or even a good idea. It may surprise you to learn that the death penalty was popular in my country also. In fact, the more popular it is, the easier it is to abuse.   > Also, we have a completely different system. The state does not decide who to kill, juries do. And, of course, juries are chosen to reach a certain result to some degree, but it is at least an adversarial process that seeks to prevent outright bias. And if there was obvious bias than there might be a remedy in appeals to toss out the sentence.   We had courts also. Of course, the result was decided in advance. Yours are also in most cases but they are much smarter about it.   >
0	For what it's worth, I'm a lesbian who really doesn't enjoy lesbian porn at all. In the slightest. I exclusively watch hetero porn.  shrug  just want to add that data point... I'm sure you're discovering here that there are a ton of different orientations and things that turn everyone on. Best of luck to you.   Related not to this sub-post but to your topic overall- I'm not intersex, but I often fantasized about being a boy when I was younger. I now have a fairly androgynous haircut and body and sometimes pass as a boy when I'm out around town. It took me until my mid-20s to embrace my differences and actually be brave enough to gender swap myself in public (still I go to places where I won't know anyone when I'm dressed as a guy). The freedom has become exhilarating. But when I was a teenager it was frightening. I took great pains to wear lots of dresses and learn to put on makeup so that I would fit in and be "normal". But as I got older and met more people, I realized that "normal" was not all it was cracked up to be... and also what the hell was "normal" anyway?
0	One of my very best experiences with customer service was at a certain orange home improvement store! I went there day before thanksgiving because my husband was going on deployment and would be missing our sons first christmas and birthday and he had also missed the birth and I REALLY wanted to suprise him with an early christmas only no one was selling real trees yet. This place had them but werent selling them yet, I begged an employee to let me buy one early, told her the situation, and the manager  insisted I just have one for free! The look on my husbands face when he walked in the door will stay with me forever.
1	People severely underestimate having a ranged auto-attack. As a Kassadin player, Swain with AD red+quints makes me cry. However, Talon/Pantheon/Riven and the like usually have high base stats  in addition to  a shield or some other sort of natural sustain. They used to need these mechanics to stay competitive in the "toxic" top lane environment, but now that an AP carry is no longer a mainstay, these champions can go mid and wreck faces.
0	Personally I found the whole scientology angle of the film more of a problem. There are a lot of idiot actors out there that have been fooled into believing scientology, and I don't really blame them for it, idiots are just easy to fool. However a scientology based movie is another matter entirely, it's just going to be a crappy movie.
0	Not mannerism, but when I was in high school and had to take my English exam (not in an English speaking country), I also happened to be in a period where I was watching tons and tons of Top Gear UK. At the oral exam I was told my English pronunciation was excellent and I was rewarded with the top grade, and my teacher was considered a conservative woman who normally butchered people at those exams.
0	There is a song called "Jueves" by la Oreja de Van Gogh ( spaniard band) that talks about this girl who would refuse to take the right train just to see this guy. She always wished that she would be "taller" and a bit more clever, sometime she wished she were one of those magazine models. In an attempt for him to notice her. Right when she takes a leap of faith and decides to talk to him, she finishes giving him "her last breath", literally because at the end the train crashes and she dies. The song refers to the terrorist attacks in Barcelona on March 11, 2005 which killed the people on the train. So .... Just wanted to share the song.
1	you can start red just fine with boots or sej, but the problem is if her first gank is ineffective (at least forces the lane you ganked to back) she just wasted alot of time and hp there.   for teamfights her cc is basically unparalleled and she makes a great tank line of just 1 person. but as a tank her consta aoe damage seems to be ignorable (like seeing a tank cho with only tank items)... i think that's the way she was meant to be so that a 5 man premade could utilize her massive cc but you just aren't going to see that kind of cooperation in norms, or even 5 mans that are just starting out as a team.
0	Shouldn't the bellhop at the nicer hotel be paid more than too? I mean, they probably are by virtue of the fact the clientele on average have more money (so probably more likely to tip better). But.... then the same applies to the patrons of an expensive restaurant too. I'd also say a waiter working at a restaurant where the average cheque is $100 probably isn't performing ten times as well as a place where you're paying $10.
0	When I was around three years old, we were in the process of moving from Arizona to Georgia, and my aunt had a rented truck with several boxes of our stuff in the bed. Someone flicked a cigarette out the window, which landed in the bed, and lit a box on fire.   My aunt noticed the fire and pulled over to try to save some of our stuff. Cops inevitably show up, and of course, I'm crying for mommy. One of the officers tries to assure me that my mommy is over there. I start screaming that that isn't my mommy. Unbeknownst to me, there had been a rash of kidnappings in Arizona around that time. The police start to look at my aunt suspiciously, and my aunt tells my older brother(who is 9, and an asshole) to tell the officers that she is our aunt. He starts to lie, but my aunt says she'll box his ears(she was late 50's~) and he fesses up.
1	I'm not saying there's nothing he could do, but are you saying there's nothing you could do? You don't play solo queue to improve your teammates, but to improve yourself. A very small portion of the LoL community browse reddit, and most that do have a general idea of how the game works.   If you're not overexaggerating(which you are), the enemy mid must have been much more skilled than yours. You can't fix that by raging, typing, making angry posts or quitting the game. The only way you can do anything is to take it in your own hands and either help top or bottom snowball hard, or help your mid lane get back in the game.   The attitude you have towards this is the one that makes league of legends toxic; that noone is allowed to get outplayed. Sure, Akali wasn't a good sport either, but that doesn't stop you from muting her and moving on with the game. Just accept the fact that some players are better than others. Some times people have a bad game. Some times people actually do have unexpected lag.
1	As nunu jungle my last game yesterday I ran into their jungle at level 1 and got 5 man ganked because I was typing to my team. They said "this nunu too good" in all chat and made fun of me for the first 4 minutes. I then ganked three lanes in a row successfully, later reversed a snowball when my zyra mid fed a brand to 5/0 before 10 minutes, shut down the yorick toplane, and counterganked the enemy shen jungle twice which resulted in a kill with 0 deaths to my team both times. I ended the game something like 6/6/14 or something and my team had the mentality that I was going to be horrible because I made 1 mistake and got caught. I was checking to see where shen would start when he blocked me off from his wraiths I assumed he'd start red and went to check blue and got caught. I fucked up but we still won hard and I helped my team immensely the whole game.
0	I wouldn't know I don't do online dating, but it seems like its similar to real life, attractive girls get attention, and don't respond because they're use to it. Theres one thing you need to keep in mind dude, if you message them, your message might get lost in a sea of other dudes messages, and they might not have read it, they might have been away from the PC for a long time, come back, seen it and thought " its a bit late now" the best thing to do is just keep putting yourself out there. Dont let it bash your confidence, if anything learn from it and use these "rejections" (if you can even call them rejections) as a cornerstone to build your confidence from. There are millions of dudes with low confidence looking for a girl to "find" them, be that one dude who gets out there and find the girl, be the one confident dude who gets a reply everytime, and if not, fuck em, its their loss. You are only "the man" as long as you believe it, if you don't like yourself why should anyone else, Learn to accept what you are, then embrace it and take the world like the bitch it is.
0	Yeah, I thought it was a lot of money, until it arrived in the mail and I started using it. Lookâ€”you figure you're gonna be trimming your nails every few weeks for the next 50 years or so, right? So you're looking at 1,300 trimmings or so. That calculates to you spending something like 10 cents a month if you buy this sucker. Meanwhile, it's so well designed, you're gonna feel like you died and went to heaven every two weeks when you trim your nails. And it's so damn well made that it probably WILL last 50 years.
1	separate each scenario with the number of OP champs remaining after the 4th ban:   (2)scenario A:if 5th ban is used for op champ-> 6th ban will be for the last op champ. else 5th is a troll ban and then 6th would also be a troll ban= both teams get 1 op champ. No clear advantage   (3)scenario B:if 5th ban is used on op champ, then the 6th ban would be a troll ban to leave 2 OP champs-> both team gets one. if the 5th ban is troll, the 6th ban will also be troll=1st pick team leaves 2 op champ open. No clear advantage.   (4)scenario C: if 5th ban is on OP champ then 6th ban will be troll-> 2nd pickteam gets 2 OP champs. if 5th ban is a troll, then 6th ban is on OP leaving with 3 OP champs again. 2nd pick team has Clear Advantage.
1	Did you read the post or just the
0	This is a situation I've encountered as well. If your wife has problem, regardless of if it's illogical, unfixable, or otherwise unintelligible, it's your problem too. But that doesn't just mean you need to be there to console her and work through it. No, you need to be equally miserable as she is; you cannot have fun if she is not, nor can you be happy when she is not.   This, I have found, is true regardless of if these states of unhappiness are self-imposed or not. If you do not mirror her through her nonsensical barrage of feelings, it immediately means to her that you "do not care". It's interesting to think of the brand that would be given to this trend were the genders switched...
0	No, this is not what "white privilege" means, and anyone suggesting the color of your skin makes you immune to bad shit is fucking stupid. White privilege means that as a result of hundreds of years of history and culture, the fact that you are white grants you status in a lot of situations. It means that you are generally the benefactor of a shit-ton of cultural, political, economic, and historical policy. It means, for example, that you are more likely to be hired for a job than a similarly-qualified non-white person, more likely to earn a higher income than that same similarly qualified non-white person, and less likely to face discrimination at the same level as a non-white person. I say "likely" because, again, white skin is not a free pass. It's just a highly discounted one.   Here's an example of the moment I realized what white privilege meant to me. I am American but ethnically Portuguese, i.e., Western European. To most people I've encountered in my life (including myself), this counts as "white." However, there's a good number of people that lump Portuguese in with Hispanic or Latino, particularly in areas where there are huge Portuguese/Brazilian/Latino immigrant populations. For me, this has meant that my location relative to such a community has been known to determine whether people see me as white or not--when I'm hanging out in the suburbs, I'm white. When I'm places like Newark, NJ (particularly in the Ironbound) or Elizabeth, NJ--places with huge Portuguese/Brazilian/Latino immigrant communities--I'm no longer white.   I realized what white privilege was when I got into an argument with a professor who was insisting I was Latina because my parents speak a "Latin" language. No, I said, I was white--I was about as western European as one can get, just because my parents speak a romance language (of which some are spoken by people considered non-white) didn't make me non-white. I'm white. No no no, says the professor, you're Latina. Americans don't even know the difference between Portuguese and Spanish anyway, you are definitely Latina.   So this went on for a while and I was getting pretty upset and offended trying to "prove" my whiteness, when it occurred to me--who the fuck cares? And why the fuck do  I  care whether this dude thinks I'm white or not? Why is "being white" something I feel like I have to defend or prove when it's called into question? WHY IS THIS SUCH A FUCKING BIG DEAL? And then I realized: it wasn't just "being white" that was called into question, it was my access to the resources, status, and everything that goes along with "being white" that was being doubted. And  that  is why I got so up in arms trying to defend and prove my whiteness. In a perfect world, it wouldn't fucking matter what color you were, but we don't live in a perfect world, and on some level, I recognized this in my fight to be recognized as "white" even though at the time I didn't actually know  why  I was doing it.   That is what "white privilege" is. You don't even realize what an impact it has on your life until the possibility that it might get taken away arises.
1	I'm a jungle main, I am mechanically terrible (probably similar to any average gold jungle main(of course I do play Lee but I am not a lee main at all and can barely insec)) and my laning is ridiculously bad (when I play drafts with friends and lane against lower tier players, I die at level 3-4 most of the time by just getting outplayed 1v1.   To rely on this I played mainly Ziggs and the old Gragas (long range wave clear, easy and very safe laning) and Shyvana for top lane (can farm safely early and later if behind with E and rapidly dominates lane/can escape from anything). I am a decent support, but by far not a good one. I played ADC as well as I could when I was forced to, but told my support to play safe, I rarely times snowballed and had good games, but I lost lane most of the time, and often died a lot.   But, I am diamond V on NA, which I think is remarkable. This is all due to my superior game knowledge (I watch alot of VoDs and streams), decent decision making (of course I have a tendency to die, althought the reason of a death is most of the time due to decision making, I die mainly because of my lack of good mechanical play. I think I win a lot of games but by having a good attitude, and trying to "shotcall" for the team (I use the spam ping method) althought it is also impossible, if 2 other players are following the calls, it is a very easy win.   I sometimes low elo, and when my team survives laning (I have a tendency to force myself into my worst roles to make it harder and practice), and follow one call, the game is over. Let's say the game is pretty close (in solo queue less than 5k gold is close, depending on how it is splitted), I just spam ping baron at a good timing, with vision control (its never warded anyway), ennemy members facecheck, some get caught, some escape, some keep pushing lanes. Most of the time my team ends up with like 3 kills and one inhib just for this single call. After this the game is won (I say won, but OF COURSE it can/will often be thrown. but once again if you just make the right call and 1-2 member follows, you can easily take free dragons/a lot of free turrets, pick up good fights.
0	I know this is a piss in the ocean, but as an actual constituent of this Congressman, fuck most of you. You're attacking him because he has the money to run for office.   John Yarmuth founded the LEO, the only long-standing free weekly in Louisville that wasn't a corporate shill for some moneyed interest. He replaced Anne Northup, who rubber stamped every-fucking-thing during the Bush administration and was an embarrassment for Kentucky (in a long running tradition - we have Jim Bunning, Mitch McConnell to account for, with Rand Paul voting for horrible things 70% of the time.)   If you're pissed about Congressmen and Congresswomen having enough money, clout, and free time to run for office, feel free to be that way. However, I'm grateful to have a person that I view as slightly better than the lesser of two evils as my local representative instead of the shitheel that preceded him.   nb4 shill account hurr durr paid staffer   I don't use a constant Reddit account for the same reason I don't use Facebook or Twitter. It's only useful for circlejerking and hearing yourself reflected in an echo chamber unless you've got something important or relevant to say, neither of which I usually feel apply.   However, Yarmuth is pretty fucking awesome after years of Northup. Imagine if Grimes actually beats McConnell next year...it's that great feeling of, "Holy shit, somebody whose policy and voting record actually reflects my portion of his constituency," after years and years of horrible, embarrassing, and corrupt shit.   At the very least, the guy came into Congress 5 years ago. I seriously doubt he's as deep in the pockets of Lobby  __  as Anne Northup was. Please stop acting like his wealth somehow makes him some detestable person - especially when he's actually using it to make a difference in MY community, regardless of whether or not it's for PR.
1	This is true, I encountered a horribly toxic player bullying someone on my team because they weren't doing well. After telling the poor guy/girl they should probably mute the toxic player they said they didn't know how. I told them hold tab and press the chat icon next to the toxic player's ign (after muting the flamer myself) and they thanked me. I reported the bully after the game ended, feeling pretty sick to my stomach.
1	ADCs arent exactly weaker in this patch, its just that the tanky roles are much stronger than before.   Now that supports have a lot more gold at their disposal, it means that you now have another tank or another damage threat. Personally, playing against another damage threat is a lot more enjoyable, cause it has better overall interactions with the game (just like they can burst you down with a flash or a good engage, if you position properly, you can also outplay them. So its kind of a skill/awareness battle).   The problem is when the support goes tanky, grabs a frozen heart / Solari and buffs even more his front line.   Its seriously frustrating playing against something like Mundo, Renekton, Nasus when they have a champion like Taric in their comp, cause you cant really do anything against them, and theres no counterplay to it.   I dont really like the way this league of bruisers is taking.
1	The new system is good, but it isn't flawless. Because of the fact that you now have to go through an out-of-10 provisional challenge, some people (who clearly didn't deserve their division) had a little more luck than others (and I've personally seen cases like these) than others, getting placed in very high divisions where they can't play. This causes people to lose and go down in elo and hit the bottom of Silver V until they get better, creating a huge cluster of players in that division.   An example is a friend of mine and I.   Before playing ranked, I played at level 30 for about 4-5 months. When I started playing ranked and during my promotionals we had afkers and ragequitters. I ended up in Bronze III, and to be honest, it was for the best. I wasn't very good at the time, so it was best for me to start at the bottom. Now, being Silver I, I'd like to go back and thank those ragequitters and afkers from my teams.   My friend, on the other hand, stared playing ranked 1 week after he hit level 30 and reached Silver II from his provisionals. He's now getting wrecked by Silver Is, Gold Vs simply because of the fact that he didn't have afkers and dcs in his teams during provisionals. He's not a skilled player, he got carried by his allies in provisionals and so on. This causes him to lose a lot, rage and he will eventually stop playing ranked.   I'm not saying this to complain about the fact that people get divisions they don't deserve, but because people get divisions that are too hard for them just because their first 10 games went pretty well, which then causes them to not become better players simply because of the fact that they get wrecked in Solo Q. You can't learn how to play the game if you're playing against players that have tons of experience. They'll dominate you. Imo, it's not a good idea to judge one's skill based on 10 matches. Everyone should start from the bottom in order to progressively advance and become better, not get placed in a division they don't have the skill or knowledge to handle.   SIDENOTE: I've seen people in Silver II;I that never ward their lane, overextend, get ganked and complain about their jungler not ganking when the enemy is hugging his/her tower. Every player should know these kind of things by the time they enter Silver Elo. This is the lack of knowledge I'm trying to point out.
1	I might be wrong, but I don't think it's such a huge issue. Equal 'rights' are cool and all, but Riot doesn't have to work on a pretty non-existent problem. Judging by the comments, there are not many colorblind people around here who find this issue annoying (me being one of them).
1	I'm talking balancing in general. I think if Riot is going to sell champs individually (unlike dota or hon where you get them all to start with), they better be keeping up with afterservice on all those champs by keeping them balanced/viable. Something like Heimer is anything but viable and viewed by community as a troll pick, and Riot won't do anything to compensate people who paid for that champ - IMO that is pretty unacceptable business attitude, because they're saying "Fuck you and your old champs, we just don't care".
1	I beg to differ. I played one game that wasn't against bots in DotA 2. It was full of smurfs on my team that stomped their team. Our team had a Pudge and they camped their spawn hooking people out of the fountain, and whenever I would linger near the spawn, the friendly DotA player would dive in, then hook me in netting me a death and a long respawn timer as they continued to drag the game out. People are even worse in bot games with the amount they rage and refuse to help you.
0	Oh man, there was this kid we called "Joggers" that was one of my best buds circa 1990-94.   His mum was well cool (and looking back, really hot, but this was just before puberty so I didn't really notice that then).   This kid was obsessed with war films, and horror films, and because his mum was cool, she let him watch whatever he wanted. So by association, so did we. We played "Tremors" (obviously a new film at the time and just out on VHS) in the playground for ages.   One day we go a youth club in one of the villages (I grew up in rural England) for a disco and his mum is picking us up. He leans in through the car window and screams right in her face, "YO, MUM! WE NEED MEDEVAC NOW!" and leaps in the back door in a heap.   We sheepishly get in behind him, Jibbers in the front seat and me (known as Big Manny) next to Joggers.   Joggers makes his hand into a gun and PRESSES IT HARD into the back of his mum's head and starts screaming, "DRIVE! OR I'LL BLOW YOUR BRAINS OUT!"   And his mum (and me and Jibbers) are kinda embarrassed and she's like "Please don't do that Johnathan..."   And he's going "DRIVE! YOU DIRTY BITCH! JUST DRIVE!" at which point my face is all crinkled up like hedgehog or a crisp packet and Jogger's mum's all like "Please don't speak to your mother like that, Johnathan" and now he's POKING HER in the BACK OF HIS HEAD with his FINGER GUN yelling "JUST DRIVE! OR I'LL KILL YOU!"   So she does and then me Jibbers and Joggers just sat there like normal 9 year olds all the way home, Joggers seemed satisfied, and I can't speak for Jibbers but deep inside me there was a burning embarrassed flame that never left when I saw Mrs H ever again.   I saw Joggers years later. I was sitting in a car outside my house with a friend of mine who'd dropped me off after a lift (see the similarity of the situation?). It's after midnight and Joggers comes running down the road windmilling his arms, screaming "WE ALL GOTTA GET TO THE GYMNASIUM! MANNY! MANNY! WE GOTTA GET TO THE GYMNASIUM!" and then runs off cackling into the velvet night.
0	2013  >Can't make it thought highschool without ADD medicine ISHYGDDT, high school valedictorian whose notebooks were comprised 99% of drawings during class reporting in. I was diagosed in second grade an I made it until Sophmore year of engineering until I started taking anything.  I can't even imagine being on ADD medication during my childhood development years.  Unless a child is significantly below average intelligence level I will say, from experience, that pumping prescription amphetamines into a developing young adult is not the right decision, not only for their physical health, but social well-being as well.  I remember having this one friend in middle school who nobody ever talked too until one of my friend's mom's started making us hang out with him because he was new and had no friends.  We all just thought he was weird as hell because he was quiet and just sat there an listened and we just assumed that was how he was until we all got invited to his house one weekend. Seeing him off his Ritalin for the first time was a night/day difference, the kid was hillarious.  He was so funny and creative (we used to make movies at house during the summer when he was off his meds) and he would stay up late at night making up these ludicrously detailed stories about obviously fake events (he told us his awkward step-dad gave him the sex talk using starwars analogies complete with chewbacca sounds).  ANYWAYS long story short we convinced him to start throwing away his Ritalin every morning and he became one of the guys.  I shudder at the thought that, by listening to a doctor, my parents could have been feeding me pills every morning that would have turned me into the wide-eyed zombie we all remember our friend being in middle school...
0	I spent $100 dollars on drinks one night. Not including the drinks some guy bought for me. I woke up with a hangover vomit on the floor, all my furniture in my room knocked over, and no idea how I got home. The buddy I went out with that night was sober enough to get me home, despite me apparently being so drunk I forgot my address, knocked over my furniture, and promptly passed out on the floor. I'm not sure when I moved to my bed.
1	that is because like 30 people play them(lets be realistic) and this means winrates ARE VERY CHANGEABLE for those champ, old sej proir to he rework once had the highest winrates as well, did that make he viable or popular, no, she had 0 use compared to naut or maokai or j4 at the time, its about how useful a champ can be vs other top teir champs NOT THEIR WIN RATES only sometimes win rates mean good but shen was literally a top proirity pick in solo queue and competitive for 2 years and he had ~52% when he first got popular and then fell HELL HE FREAKING HAD A 44% winrate and was still pick banned in most games in competitive and was still freaking popular in solo queue
1	If we talked a ton about Jinx and the music video before launching her with the graffiti on the website vs. Vi and then launching the video, then launching her spotlight, login screen and turning her on in game, well then the excitement level would have been way lower and she would be less iconic and cool. Why would we rob anyone of that potentially cool experience?
1	There are times when you can win in CS and even get a couple of kills in your lane and be ahead.. but your side lanes start feeding as if there is no tomorrow.. There are some games that might be just unwinnable, nevertheless, there are a couple of things I usually try to do, to bring my "good lane phase" to aid the rest of my team mates.     Destroy the enemy jungler: You mention you main lux, after Gragas, I think Lux is the best champ to attempt steals (drags, buffs, baron). If you succeed, you do not only put their jungler behind, but also your jungler ahead since he can take more buffs from your team's jungler. Ward the bush from blue buff (in case they drag it there), and when you realize they are taking, move to your wraith's camp (unless you know it is warded, going to their banana bush is another option). If you see he will give the buff to the enemy's mid laner, attempt a steal. If he is taking it, attempt the kill. Invite your jungler to come, I usually rather do this as it is safer for other mid laners that don't have a long distance nuke.     Ward their wraiths, it is common, specially in low elo, that the enemy jungler does wraiths with low hp, because they are easy. Punish him, kill him.     Once the jungler is behind, counter jungle him, this is not necessary an exclusive task of your jungler.     Take tower (sometimes this takes longer with any ap champ, if your jungler doesn't come).     After you take the tower (or even before, if the situation arises), roam. TOP lane is usually gankable lane.     Sometimes it happens that you are winning your lane, and your opposition starts buying MR to counter you. At the same time, the enemy's top lane has bought some armor... suggest a switch (works better at blue side since you can still get blues). If they switch too, ask your jungler for a gank, it is a long lane so ganks are easier and you can take turret afterwards.     Suggest to end the lane phase earlier if you think you are ahead and won't take a lot of advantage if you stay mid, and your sidelanes will only feed more.       That said, you don't need to do all of that. Just do what you can when you can. Practice one thing over and over until you think you're getting a better idea of what is easier to do depending on the match ups. Keep a good attitude towards your team mates.
1	This was actually mentioned by HotshotGG and Doublelift a while back. Best way to freeze the lane, when it is pushing to your side, is to tank the minion wave until yours gets there. When this happens, let your minions take aggro and start killing off the melee minions with autos. As you kill off the melee minions the enemy creep wave's reinforcing wave should arrive, this should put your side at a disadvantage. Continue to last hit as normal. Once your ally wave is dead, continue to tank the enemy wave till your reinforcing wave arrives, do not attack anything till your wave gets there. Feel free to kill off the melee minions if there's still some left over, we only care about leaving the ranged minions up.   Basically what happens here is the enemy wave will eventually have more ranged minions than yours will. Ranged minions do more damage than the melee minions, they are essentially the pushing power of the lane. People always think you should leave the melee and kill the ranged minions, but this is false as you the want enemy wave to clear your minions first (it's also 10x easier to control a wave of ranged minions). You are using your champ to do the actual freezing of the lane by tanking the damage till your reinforcing wave arrives. You'll eventually want to start shaving off a few ranged minions here and there as they can do lots of damage, especially early. I find that leaving 4-6 ranged minions is manageable and can easily keep the lane frozen.   As for the cannon minion, this one is a little tricky. You only want to leave this guy up for as long as you have melee minions, or your own cannon minion, to tank it. Take it out once your melee minion line falls, but make sure yours is dead as well.
0	It is a little bit funny, the whole doing extra work to do a simple equation.   But  coming from someone who accelerated in school, you should definitely look into accelerated classes for your daughter! If my parents would've done that for me when I was in elementary school (and getting corrected for the same type of stuff as your daughter) I probably would've stayed more engaged in learning and done my homework. I got bored, I thought everyone else in my classes were stupid, and as a result I started slacking on my homework. Fast forward to college, the learning curve caught up to me and I realized I had no patience to learn something and put effort into schoolwork. I dropped out after failing a few classes due to not doing the homework, and now I'm in my mid-twenties trying to get back into a program that is now going to take me until my thirties to complete. :/ She'd probably enjoy being able to really show off her skills and learn new things! :)
1	Oh yeah definately.  I always say what role I want in hopes that people give it to me, but if I don't get the roles I'm strongest at I don't throw a fit, Illbe pick someone a little safer.   For example, role strength in order is ADC>Jungle>Support>Mid>Top   My role prefrence is ADC>Jungle>Mid>Top>Support.   If I have to go top or mid Ill just pick someone like Singed or Morg that farms all game and doesn't die.  Although if someone is being a dick and is like "Well Im going ADC anyway" and every other role is taken already Ill just be like "Fine you can have ADC but you better take someone super agressive" and then lockin someone like Lee Sin or Panth support.   Also if I say I'd prefer ADC and someone is like "Im going ADC noob" and Im forced to go top, I'll take someone like Ezreal top(He doesnt die top, he just farms and never dies)
0	i wonder what he warmed with a south korean soldier.
1	Sounds good, I usually end up playing support anyway because at 1k nobody wants to play support.   So I figure its better that I play it rather than some troll who decides to go twitch support or something silly, I just don't consider myself as comfortable as I do in the other roles.   I think maybe if I learn't a few aggressive supports like blitz/ali/lenoa then I'd be more comfortable in my abilities knowing that I could setup kills as well as protect my carry, but right now I'm only happy/'not a feeder noob' playing janna/soraka.
1	From an avid SC2 fan and an obsessive 2k elo League player, the reasoning behind it is the fact that one mistake in a 5v5 match is not the same as a mistake in a 1v1. There are an extremely incredible amount of variables to take into account for and gauging 'a lost game' in League is really not the same as one in SC2.   You can always do things to catch up, in which the enemy team cannot 100% hinder. The game always moves forward, and there is nothing but the explosion of the Nexus that stops it. Gold is infinite. It will never stop ticking, and minions will never stop giving it. There is no mineral depletion, and you can never fully stop the enemy team's economy.   Every champion--every build has a certain set amount of gold that makes them stronger than another. Every champion, every team comp has a weak spot, some way that it can be countered. This is the very idea that makes a dynamic game, much like SC2. The difference is that if you endure a League game long enough, you will eventually reach it.   In League, you are not punished as harshly for one mistake because of an infinite economy, and you can usually play upon another's team ignorance and lack of skill or manipulate the other multitude of variables in League to take advantage of it.
0	It's probably more about trying (and failing) to break the habit of overrating then, which can be very difficult for some people. Eating can become very addictive if people associate emotional stimuli with food, and continue to eat to get those "good" feelings.   Sure, there's no real chemical addiction to food (unless it has drugs in it), but the act of overheating, or unhealthy eating gives us certain physical highs, and it can become a very strong behavioural addiction, like gambling or the behavioural side of smoking addiction (which a lot of studies do observe as being much stronger than the chemical addiction to nicotine).
0	I was told once by my roommate of the time who was black that I would never have a lot of black friends because I couldn't understand what it was like to be black, and so they could never be truly comfortable around me.   Doesn't mean I still don't have black friends, and Indian, and Asian and every other type that happens to be my friend.
0	Story time. During college, my roommate had a friend who was pretty dull and also did a lot of partying/drugs/etc. So during our "formative" years, my roommate and I ended up doing a bit of coke. Dull friend ended up wanting my roommate to sell him coke, so my roommate sells him crushed up caffeine pills and asprin(to make it white). It ended up coming out a bit yellow(due to the caffeine pills) so my roommate convinced dull friend that it was acid based cocaine. Dull friend throws out the, "oh yeah, I've heard of that!"  In the end, dull friend thinks he is addicted to cocaine and pleads my roommate to not sell him anymore.
1	On Ruven & Rumble I start regen bead 5, with one mana pot.
1	People love to say how shitty the players in lower leagues are   It comes from the fact that when you actually make it to the higher leagues yourself, you've improved from when you were in the lower leagues. And by improving, you probably don't do as many stupid mistakes any more. Then when you get to play/watch a game at the lower leagues, it just seems everyone there is bad because they make mistakes that seem so obvious and stupid to you or perform considerably worse at mechanical level. It's all about perspective. For example, for me it is unfathomable how someone could be stuck in bronze but that's just because I have played enough to learn to avoid the kind of mistakes that keep some people in bronze. I've been there and done the very same mistakes, the difference is that I've already learnt from them while the people "stuck" at bronze haven't yet done it.   Also, I've played and won several games against players from all leagues except for challenger and there have been people I could call terrible from all of them. It's also a matter of perspective. My mechanics are my weak point while my game sense is my strong point so I can completely outplay a higher ranked player on the mental level but if it doesn't work out he will stomp me to the ground because he is superior in terms of mechanics. The higher you go the more important the mental side of the game becomes. I might stomp a bronze game with just my mechanics but I wouldn't do the same at silver. Yet I can win against diamonds and plats by outsmarting them and playing in the way that puts less focus on mechanics.
1	In reading RoFL's posts over the past few months (Started playing in December) I really feel as though I have been able to improve my play and have brought a lot of various things to my playgroup, even getting them to get wards, albeit kicking and screaming.   I got them to watch some of the Dreamhack games and laughed at their commentary on warding. A comment by Phreak, I believe, highlighted something else to keep consistent warding up. It was more or less if you go back to buy and have 2-300 gold kicking around, just invest most of it in wards. I have started doing this and found it to pay off so much more than getting one ward at a time and it helps the team out. Also, on top of this, if the map is consistently being warded, folks can see how much it helps and have started doing the same thing.
1	Enjoyment. I have all chat enabled. Why? So I can have a good laugh with the enemies, and vice versa. Just because a few people on the enemy team act like asses doesn't mean you have to block out the entire enemy team.   Today on URF for example I ulted down mid and watched my ult hit anivia just as her banshee's popped up. In all chat, Anivia just made a smile emote. To which I responded "banshee's veil too op". And know what? I had a good small laugh about it.   People are criticizing others for acting like assholes in chat and ruining the game. Well, why not act like a chill person instead? Your teammates might be raging at the enemy team while you crack jokes with them. Who's getting the better experience, regardless of winning or losing? You, because you're making jokes at things that you did or that happened in the game. Those jokes are good reassurance of the fun factor in the game!   Believe me, I hate people BMing during the game or after the game. But I honestly found that if I do my best to have a good time, I will have it. If you're intent on winning the fuck out of everything, then sure, mute your chats and all. If you're looking for a good time, then have a good time regardless of other people. They'll only be a nuisance if you let them get to you, and you can't let them get to you if you're having fun of your own! Appreciate the little things in your games!
1	They wouldn't need to hire a sports psychologist full-time.   Psychological issues usually aren't just solved over night like that.  I'm sure some people have those "Eureka!" moments and just change but it's a long term process and for any real results it would be a lot of money relative to the amount of money in esports.  Also it's not guaranteed results, either: the treatment can be ineffective, and there is a chance his emotional problems can be solved without psychiatric attention (better team bonding, etc.).
1	There's a video out there called prefect imbalance. You should watch it, you'll probably find it insightful.
1	Chauster is the most versatile player in CLG and can do everything pretty well. Maybe better than the people that play it all the time on the team, except maybe Doublelift, because of his great mechanics. But Xpecial mains support and he does it from quite a long period of time tbh and he plays with Chaox only.
0	To me, the friend zone is when girls actually know you like them and they hang out with you, flirt with you, ask you to get them food at work (sigh), send you pictures of sexy outfits they plan to post on instagram, talk about sex graphically with you and so forth. The friend zone parts are actually when they know you like them and they abuse it.   In high school I characterized a lot of my friendships with girls as being "friend zoned" But looking back, only one girl ever did the things I list above. She DEFINITELY knew I liked her, she's been doing this to guys forever and still does to my best friend to this day. All the other girls were good friends of mine to this day (3 years removed from graduation), but I NEVER hung out with them one-on-one and rarely hung out with them outside of school. Every single girl I've ever met who was willing to hang out alone with me, liked me (or at least would have sex with me) except for that one girl. Not that there have been many of those girls, probably 5-7.   I have almost nothing in common with most girls, as I'd imagine most guys feel if they really thought about it. The girl I'm dating right now, on the surface we're opposites but how we think (Minus religious intentions) and how we act is what makes us similar. In friendships, I'm looking for surface similarities, things that allow me to get a long with that person. My best friend and I are like that. But this girl and I can talk for hours but never would she ever watch sports with me.   What I've just explained in the last paragraph is why guys can't be friends with girls, IMO. Girls work differently than guys and they can be friends with people that they have nothing in common with (on the surface), creating the anomaly of the "friend zone".   I bet there are girls that I'd meet who have a lot in common (surface similarities) with me. I've never met a girl with a similar obsession with sports as bad as mine (never met a guy like that for that matter).   My point? 94.2% of the time (made that up) the "friend zone" is just a misunderstanding. It does exist but only scumbag Stacy put people into the friend zone.   Guys usually never have girls in the misunderstanding version of the friend zone because I don't really want to be friends with girls that like me when I don't like them. Why? We have nothing in common.
0	I'm pretty sure my uncle has aspergers.  He's 58 and hasn't been diagnosed this is.because my family chalks it up to him being him and just a jerk.  Hes never seen a doctor about it .  He's smart went to good schools but I can't ever remember him having a job except pyramid like scheme product sales that never seem to get off the ground.  He has no romantic life beyond random creepy instant messeging  he inherited a good some of money when he was young and blew it on mail order brides that didn't show... In my 26 years he's lived with my other uncle his youngest brother they bought a house together..  until his little brother kicked him out with out buying his share so now he lives at grammas.  He helps around the house with driving her places and other chores but no one treats him right and he gets loud and agressive not violent but rather annoying. But everyone sais it's just him. Being him and they are the kind of people like oh no one In my family could be crazy and this is why it hasn't been diagnosed.   But I dont have a problem with him because when I talk to him I remain calm if he ticks me off a little and because I give him the patients that no one else does he doesn't lash out at me or fight with me.  Ive stood up for him because he is treated like an inferior and like he does it on purpose  But I also understand how hard It would be for him to hold a job.  You can be as bright as the stars but if u can't talk to people if u don't know how to relate it's hard to pass an interview process or keep a job if ur annoying other employees.   Thank you I really needed to get that off my chest .
1	Yeah this is pretty fucked up, however it is a chance for you to learn a lot, since they're much more experienced. I used to experience these matchmakings aswell (gold V lomoQ vs full diamond premade team). Now im diamond myself and I still experience it but the other way around :P And I must admit that its pretty boring to play against people where there is such a big skill gap inbetween.
0	It's ridiculous that people put time and energy into content that other Redditors want to see?  Would you rather nobody posted and we only spent 15 minutes on Reddit reading repost news links from /r/gaming and /r/science and move on with our day?   I swear, it's like people think upvotes materialize out of nowhere for being a compulsive douche.   PEOPLE LIKE YOU AND ME UPVOTE THESE THINGS .  Just because some vocal commentator calls it dumb and gets a bunch of upvotes himself does not actually make it dumb, it only means there are people who agree with you, who didn't even necessarily object to the content enough to downvote it.  This isn't the American government, your vote shapes the content.  Get on /r/new or don't complain.
1	Must've been tough on OP losing a computer game. /s.
1	Who is the Editor? Not a fan of serious online articles having spelling/grammatical errors.   As far as the content, I feel that outside of the Compendium, I didn't see what the other 2 points would do for Riot. As I posted in another thread, League isn't so difficult from a newbie perspective that a person can't explain to their friends with no experience in the game what is going on at a basic level. Riot's recent game design philosophy of "clarity" is actually quite well done and the LCS casters are very good at explaining the simple things repetitively (red buff ticks/slow, blue buff mana regen/CDR, Dragon $$$, Baron buff, champion basics).   The Double Elimination is a matter of preference for viewers. I personally feel like a Loser's Bracket cheapens competition because it takes away from the legitimate strategy of "cheesing" your opponent with something they couldn't have prepared for by allowing them to continue to compete after being knocked out by a team that may not be as good mechanically but was able to come up with a strategy the "better" team wasn't ready for and executing it. The best team does not always win a tournament and that is why you watch. If Samsung White/Blue somehow loses in QuarterFinals to (insert B-tier NA/EU team here) but then comes back from the Loser's Bracket for a rematch and wipes the floor with them, then the team that pulled the upset loses out because the better team had an extra chance. You can't pull out the same cheesy strat twice in a tournament against the same team of the highest caliber and expect it to work, so we never see the cheese at all. Most everyone wants to see someone other than Koreans win it (Koreans excluded) because this WC would be way more exciting if it didn't go to the region everyone expected to take it since OGN Winter started. Competition and tournaments are all about showing up on the day of the game and competing. No second chances. You have your set, you play your set, winner stays loser goes home. When the Patriots beat the Rams in the SuperBowl, the Rams would have likely won 8/10 times. They didn't get a rematch because on the actual day of the game they didn't play well enough to win it. This is all of course personal preference, but I don't believe tournaments should be to crown the "best team" around, but to crown the "best team" of the tournament. That would include being the best to adapt to a patch, the best to out-strategize your opponents that you have for the tourney. As far as I'm concerned, either of the Najin or perhaps even the Jin Air teams would be the best team in the WC. That doesn't mean they should be given an "accident forgiveness" bracket to "right the wrong" of them not showing up for a match against a team they underestimated or didn't prepare for.   That said, an NLB-style bracket that holds no weight on the actual tournament would be something I'd love to see Riot implement, perhaps with 1 or 2 extra teams from each region competing against teams that drop from Groups and the Elim Rounds. That way we could see more teams from "weaker" regions against top-tier teams and increase the amount of worldwide participation for the teams that will probably be bounced from Groups before it even starts.   No
1	They ban 2 of his best champs and one game all 3 what do u expect form the man he owns lane phase except for the last game which was a tilt fest he deals as much damage as he can and when u have a support like Nrated who barely makes any plays.   Now contrast to Kasing he makes plays all the time and his ad is benficiary of them lets be real here Fredy underperformed again he does literally nothing in teamfights and fox had one good game the 2nd game he missed alot of shockwaves  I say they only 2 People who have been consistent are Sven and Forgiven , Forg1ven cant carry every single game . He may be cocky and opinionated but that is no reason to bash the guy to the ground everytime he makes a mistake , And im not a Sk fan just a neutral Fan
0	Funny story about quad.   I once hired a personal trainer because I'm a very tall and lanky guy and needed to build some muscle. About 4 months after I had hired this guy, who was pretty cool helped me out and I saw fairly regularly as he worked at my gym, he texted me.   "Hey bro, I need a quad for the weekend."   I don't smoke weed so my first thought was like a quad bike, like an ATV. I thought he was asking to borrow one.   "Like a fourwheeler? Sorry bro I don't have one."   Of course he meant drugs so I had to explain that I didn't smoke weed, (but apparently give off the vibe that I do.)
1	I'd be lying if I said I hadn't done this myself in games as an ADC player in which my 2/20/3 support, who spent the laning phase essentially right clicking the enemy players and then getting up from the keyboard, has the balls to complain about the other players in the game, ESPECIALLY myself.   The people who do that kind of thing and then want to leave so they can go on to another game to do the same thing make me feel like they deserve to be forced to stick it out, or eat the essentially non-existant and ineffective leave penalty, and I'll dedicate myself to doing anything which delays the end of the game in the name of that purpose, including immediately voting no in the surrender votes.   I assume the amount of people I save from shitters like that is worthy enough of my time suffering through it myself.
1	It should not hurt your MMR if you win, though the gains will be much less overall. However, you will lose a lot more since the system is trying to get you towards a 50% w/l, and losing to a lower rated team tells the system you're not as good.
1	This. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases the amount of time you have a person under your control.  Why not utilise the two pulls of the chain before flying to them, then knock them back with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you just wanna fly to them ASAP to save someone or initiate, but it's all up to judgement.
0	My grandmother is like this.  She picked my uncle and my mother to be the "bad children" but she made life miserable for her other four children as well.  She lies constantly and without any discernable agenda- she just likes to try to pit her children against each other.  She's a hypochondriac pill seeker.  She berates everyone- as her grandchild I was spared but all the children and in-laws got heapings of "I wish you were deads" and "you're a bitch" (she actually called my mother a bitch in front of everyone at Christmas because my mother took her gift in the Yankee swap).   Each isolated event isn't bad but when you look at the course of thirty or forty years of this, it's enough.  I found out today that she's being shipped to a nursing home permanently.  We all feel very free of her.  My uncle, a very sweet man who's had to live with her shit and finally turned his life around with AA, no longer acknowledges she's alive.  She's never met her great-grandson and never will.
1	And that isn't even that big of a deal. Most of the cases in the Tribunal deserve to be there. It's usually people that rage consistently over a span of a certain number of games. If a player in a case had 16 instances of being reported over 5 games, he's most likely supposed to be in the Tribunal. Rarely do you have cases where the person being reported is innocent, because a consistently positive player won't merit many reports. And I'm not saying that I condone it, but if a person is in the Tribunal with many reports and doesn't seem to have been toxic in game there's a good chance he was toxic post-game, so slamming the ban button isn't really that big of a deal.
1	Vladimir is an example of bad champion design. As far as I can fathom, the idea was that the health usage on his skills would balance out the amount of damage and sustain he has. However, his passive breaks this line of reasoning. Free stat stacking passives are never good design. There's a point in the game (Level 9), where Vladimir doesn't need to manage his spells because he has enough health and damage to completely not give a fuck.   He can't be shut down by burst because his passive gives him a ridiculous amount of health. He can't be shut down by DPS because he's essentially a DPS mage and sustains off spamming his skills. He can't be shutdown by CC, because he has his trollpool for an easy escape.   The only way to stop Vladimir getting to a point where he is ridiculously strong is to completely shut him down in lane. Once again, the trollpool allows him some leeway here as well as most Vladimir players know that laning is Vlad's weakest point in the game so they build to optimise survival in the laning phase.
1	I've been told a few times. But...I'm 24, and people that say things like that are mentally immature or handicapped, and I feel nothing but pity for them. In most cases(all but 1 I can remember) I was having a heated argument with another player on my team.   While I've never told someone to off themselves, I have told people there are things like "a cancer." I've reformed for the most part(we're all human).   Stop trying to be a victim. Turn off all chat and mute everyone that tries to start shit with you like all the rational players out there. You're obviously doing something to cause their aggressive behavior, so cut that out as well. There's plenty  of legitimate people I should have pity for, and your toxic ass is not one.   I used to think like you did. Then every time I was on reddit and saw someone QQing about ragers, I saw posts akin to what I just told you. I've been doing it, and even when I hit loss streaks, my anger is kept at a comparatively low level. Do I still get upset over things? Duh, I'm playing with 5 people and people mess up, we're all human. Do I let that get to me? No. I'm willing to bet you're the bully, and they are merely reacting in the best way they can to your shit.
1	Well I am in Silver as well and I played quiet a lot games there. I always thought I'd be one of the better players and that I deserve to be gold (like most of the people^^) but to be honest. I don't belive in Elo-Hell anymore. You pretty much get what you deserve. If you have trouble getting out of S5 then you aren't good enough.   Ofc you seem to understand this part so lets get to the interesting part shall we?   I've searched for a team and we're currently playing every evening. I now know that my understanding of the game mechanics was ridiculously low and that there is way more to the game. After playing for a few week now I started playing soloQ again and what happens? I'm on a 6 games winning spree and got a division up. I and even thou this spree didn't last for much longer I win now about 70% of the games. I don't have any trouble to climb up. So you should search for some people who have a pretty good knowledge of the game and train with them. You will learn so much and even if you team is bad you might be able to carry them because what I experienced is that very few silver players know how important objectives are.   I played vs a TF once and he kept ganking ever 2-3 mins with his ult. My team was raging because he got one or two kills every time but after 20 minutes I took their inhibitor because they always ganked the lane with 4 people and I had a free mid. TF didn't realize that he wasn't able to gank at those specific moments and the game was one of the easiest wins I ever had. the team results were 45/69/83 ...so be basically were far behind but they kept on ignoring me pushing towers.
0	I have quite the story about wearing a name tag that I will share. I used to work as a cashier for a retail store where I live and we were required to wear name badges. One day, a man gets caught attempting to shoplift about $160 worth of groceries and miscellaneous things. I had previously seen him standing with an assistant manager as I passed by. Police come; they load him up and take him away. This really isn't anything unusual so I go back to work. A few hours later, I get back from my lunch break and see the aforementioned manager on the front end; she politely asks me to accompany her to an office in the back of the store, I comply. As we enter the office, the same two police officers are sitting there. They ask me to have a seat and I oblige. Thus begins the questioning. Do I know the man they just arrested? No. Have I ever met him? No. They look through my text messages because apparently they checked the camera over my register and I had checked my phone a few times. The police finish up their questions and let me go. After that, I never heard of the incident again. I only later find out that the prick had seen my name on my name badge and told the police that I was helping him steal things; not just small things, he claimed I had given him keys to the cabinets that held the iPods and iPads, and several other high-dollar devices. He had stolen thousands of dollars in merchandise and given me the credit for masterminding it all, but after questioning him, they obviously discovered he knew nothing about me other than my first name.
1	I agree with you on many points, but I think much of the problem can be attributed to people's misunderstanding of how Reddit works.   > If you saw someone say "Actually I've had a lot of success with solo top Taric." What would you expect to see? It should be "Oh wow really? What build do you use? Who is your weaker matches and who can you beat? What's your first item? How do you avoid harrass?" but it's not. You know what it is. It's the arrogant jerks who close their minds and immeditaly say "Lol wow noob. Taric sucks top." Without ever even giving the idea a chance.   Taken from the page of Reddiquette:   The up and down arrows are your tools to make reddit what you want it to be. If you think something contributes to conversation, upvote it. If you think it does not contribute to reddit or is off-topic in a particular community, downvote it.   Think about it. You shouldn't see a comment that simply states "this build is bad" or "that's not viable" or "you're not supposed to play [champion] that way, [champion] is a [role]" If you do, you should downvote it, because these posts don't contribute anything to the discussion; in fact, they're detrimental.   In contrast, if you see a post or comment that DOES promote discussion or is otherwise worth talking about, it should be upvoted,  whether or not you agree with it . Too often do I see good posts downvoted and bad posts upvoted simply because of the voters' disagreement/agreement of a post. The point is, we ultimately determine what is worth talking about and what's not, and we can do that in a very simple way.
0	My friend asked me why this happens when we we waiting for the shutters to open when we were coming back to work, I instantly got the biggest urge to pee in my life and had to do the strange jig dance (I'm sure some of you know it) my best guess for this was because when you are returning home, it's something you do so often your brain relax's and goes into a similar state to when you are concentrating on something i.e your phone... my you are walking. The only word I could use to describe it was auto-pilot for your brain, but when you get to your destination your brain triggers all your senses and urges to kick back in.  Does anyone know if I'm close?
1	CLG.Prime TSM Dignitas   >First round:   -TSM 2-0 MME.Ferus TSM remains top dog in the NA scene. I think MME could potentially pull out a game, but if TSM plays anywhere close to their recent performances this game should be decided relatively quickly   -Curse 2-0 TSM.Evo Curse has really shown up strong recently. Evo has lost their ringer with Aphromoo leaving, and the team is just extremely weak from what I have seen recently.   -CLG.Prime 2-0 Legion While Legion has shown up really strong in recent tournaments, without WildTurtle mid I feel like their presence just won't be strong enough. Chausterlift will dominate botlane and Jiji will definitely be able to hold his own here. If Laute/cruzer outplays Hotshot/Voyboy significantly than Legion could take a game, but I think this series is for CLG to take.   -Dig 2-1 TD  Team Dynamic has really impressed me. Since they came on the scene they consistently take games from the big 3 and show excellent play. With the return of NintendudeX I think Dignitas may have a good bit of trouble against TD. I still see the old powerhouse in Dig as a top 3 finisher though. I feel a cheese strat coming from one or both of these teams potentially.   >Second Round:   -TSM 2-0 Curse While I think Curse has been very strong recently, they have historically struggled greatly against TSM. However, Saintvicious has been tremendous recently. His champion roster and play is probably at the best it has ever been. Most likely TOO and SV are the two best junglers in NA. If Saint can really step up Curse could win a game or even the series. Also, this is very dependent on Regi's play. Looking at past results though, TSM has this one fairly secured.   -CLG.Prime 2-1 Dignitas Dignitas is not what they used to be. CLG may have underperformed recently, but I feel like they are much stronger than they have been in the past 6 months. If they get their teamwork together finally I don't think they can be stopped. However, Dignitas is still strong, and CLG has been underperforming, so I still give Dig a good chance of taking the series.   >Third place match:   -Curse 1-2 Dignitas I really want Curse to win this one. They have been playing phenomenally, and I love Saint. However, I just see Dignitas as the stronger team. Despite the MLG Raleigh results I feel like Dignitas didn't show their hand, but Curse did. I could be wrong, and hope I am in this case. However, my gut says Dig takes this for third place.   >Grand Final:   -TSM 1-2 CLG.Prime TSM has been exceptional recently, and this is anybodies game. The oldest, and arguably greatest, League rivalry has another showdown for the tournament win. While TSM has beat CLG in most recent tournaments, I feel like CLG will bring something new to the table that TSM won't be able to react well enough to for one game. Then it will become the standard play that both teams are known for. The match ups: with jiji having worked on his roaming play I believe he can nullify TSM's wild card of Regi; I think Hotshot has gotten much stronger. TOO will still be the dominant jungler for these matches, but Hotshot is not going to get shut down. Voyboy and Dyrus I believe both are very similar in skill level, this will mainly come down to champion choice, lane swaps, and jungle presence in who wins this match up. The deciding factor will be Chausterlift vs. Xpecial/Chaox. I put my money on Chausterlift here, they have simply been so dominant for CLG that I see them pulling out ahead in both a 2v2 and 2v1 lane. However, both bot lanes play similarly. It will truly be a pleasure to watch, but I feel like Doublelift is the best NA carry right now. Chaox is strong, but in general Regi is the carrying force in TSM's game. If either teams botlanes under/overperform the series WILL be decided by them almost certainly. (particularly for CLG, TSM still has regi to fall back on.) Team comps might also be the biggest deciding factor in this series.
1	I think this one might have been a case of "
1	I am hijacking this top comment to remind people about our policies on witch hunting.   Do not use reddit as a means to rally against certain individuals or groups of individuals.  Abusive statements toward anyone are removed in this subreddit.   Please help enforce this policy by reporting any comments that accuse anyone of engaging in the behavior that the OP has described.  The OP did the right thing by omitting the specific streamer.  His post is within our rules.  Many comments have not been.
1	Sweden, Norway and Denmark all used to speak the same language about 1000 - 1500 years ago. Since then, Denmark and Sweden has been through several feuds and wars. Denmark actually used to own large parts of Southern Sweden, as well as Norway. However, Sweden managed to reclaim its southern parts later on, but they have still been in feuds ever since. We can still actually understand eachother quite well, even though we all speak three different languages. In the end, its mostly just friendly, since we both share a common origin. Norway has by the way been part of both Denmark and Sweden for several different times and has only been an independent country for the last 100 years ish.
1	He is entitled to post his opinion. And you are entitled to downvote him if you think it is irrelevant. I, on the other hand, am also entitled to upvote if I please.
0	A few years ago, I worked for Apple Computers as a Tier 1 Desktop Tech Lead contractor for a few months, and apparently there was a massive firing of all the contractors (which is a fairly normal occurrence there) and I was on the list but apparently no one called me to inform me that i had been cut, so I went to the site as normal, my badge worked, so I went to my desk and logged in.  I was met there shortly after my arrival by 2 Apple security guards and the onsite rep and got grilled as to how I got in the building, why I was there, that the police had been called, etc. I sat there totally flabbergasted when I blurted out "Am I fired?"  The contract rep stared at me like a deer in the headlights and then asked me If no one had called me... I was staring at her and just said "No", she then told me to wait in the lobby while my personal effects were brought to me.  When they brought me my items, they told me to drive to the office (across town)to get my check.  I refused and told them to bring it to me per California law (Which is not applicable to most contractors but I didn't care) so I had to wait an hour and 1/2 for them to meet me at the site.   I have never felt more like a piece of shit in front of my peers & friends or treated with such disrespect (even as a contractor). So if I can say one thing, fuck Volt Technical Resources (at least in Sacramento, CA).
0	There's a change in the type of workers entering the workforce who want not just to collect their paycheck but feel fulfilled in their job roles. It takes a skillful and progressive manager to recognize that and link personal values to the work that people do, and their progression and career path, so props to your mom.   I find my own core joy by distilling my work into personal values. I work in IT, so I feel my core value is in something simple: I help people be more effective and make their lives easier. Being in tune with core values, or having your manager recognize and take advantage of a personal connection with your work to propel you to fulfilling projects is some of what I've been learning in my MBA classes on organizational leadership.   I think the corporate heartless overlord is either an old guard that cannot compete for quality workers in the new and coming workforce and will as a result fail, or simply the tyranny of mid to low level management. Either way, I expect jobs of the future to be less plentiful, but more rewarding by way of huge advancements in HR tactics and corporate recognition of human beings being more valuable for competition over the long term in skilled positions than automatons. I do not envy the low skilled, non creative, outsourceable, or automatable positions. The future in that area is bleak. Some might say that IT is in all those categories, which could be true - it will take creativity and people skills to keep it relevant.   That said, I work for a business that values it's people highly and regards their creativity as their greatest asset in a fast-evolving environment. I may be spoiled now for most other employment opportunities because I may expect too much from a future employer to treat me so individually. I think however, that our success and the model of places like Zappos will continue to guide more and more business into the bright future of employee satisfaction as a valuable barometer of company success.
0	I drove a manual Dodge dually flatbed diesel [(kinda like this)]( for 3 years as a work truck and personal vehicle. I quit that job and moved in with a friend who had a manual four-door car who had me drive him to work in the morning in his car. He thought I was the biggest idiot when I would just let the clutch out and kill his car at stop signs, red lights, or any stop because I was so used to driving the diesel truck where if you are in 1st or 2nd gear you don't have to give it gas to let off the clutch. Pretty hilarious.
0	Moved back home for college and have never invited a girl over. One girl I was seeing however, asked she could come over, and I said nah I live at home. She offered to bring over pizza for me and her and I caved. She said hi to my parents (wasn't super late), and we went to my room and I showed her what I had to watch and she chose the family guy star wars movie, and gave me a deepthroat blowy during it. That's not the best part. After she had left I realized she left half the fucking pizza there. Fucking. Fantastic.
0	Sure it's hard to deal with customers, but as a bartender at a higher end place, here are the reasons that you tip me:     I know every ingredient in every item on my menu that changes regularly     I know what you want before you do most of the time.     I know how to make your drink and everyone else's in the restaurant. You do not.     I clean up after you and your kids so that you don't have to.     I try make your time enjoyable, even if you and your guest don't.     Most places only pay us $3 or less an hour to bring your food and beverage prices down. Go eat the same meal in Europe or a unionized restaurant and enjoy the $50 entree you pay $25 for at my place.     I smile and pretend to like you even though I know you are probably leaving less than 15% because you agree with this meme.     I make you look good on your first date, job interview, client smoozing, etc. I make people want to hang out with you, believe it or not.       This is just what came to mind. I know not all servers and bartenders do this, but I do and that's why you tip me. It's your choice on what the tip is.  If someone gives shit service, give a shit tip. I do the same. Just know that we remember customers and their actions. Degradation is just as bad, if not worse, as a lousy tip.   The
1	This is a bit of human nature, because humans are narrow-minded. Most people especially on lower ELOs tend to just copy things they saw on stream and have a pretty straight mindset, which tells what is good and what is bad, how you have to play. Those people tend not to accept other oppinions that are out of the general consense. If you take a closer look you will see that in Real Life aswell. Especially regarding LoL in my oppinion there is no such things as Troll-Picks, of course there are things that wont work (e.g. if you try to play Karthus as an AD Carry), but even those very niche things might work if you catch enemies of guard. Most people just cannot accept something odd, that is not proven quite yet, because its just easier to stick to the usual stuff. Also people raging about odd Picks or even Bans (leaving Amumu open for example) will loose a lot more games than if they would just accept that someone wants to play something odd and probably even know what they are doing or just trying something entirely new. Best Example for this to me is Support Elise because hands-down after release of Elise people would have raged if you pick her up as Support and nowadays you see her at a really high niveau.
0	I think it's more because they have a lot of bigger things to worry about that they aren't going to waste their time on something small.   Once, I pulled out of my spot (we have street-side parking). The cop pulled me over almost immediately. His reason was that I "failed to signal from the curb." (I have never heard anything like this before). Long story short, him and 2 other cops tried to force me to let them search my car for drugs since I lived near a drug house. I could hear them talking and they were discussing whether or not to bring the dog out. Eventually, they decided not to since it turned out I was telling the truth about where I lived and going to Ohio State so they just let me go with a warning. Never even asked if I had insurance.
1	I actually used both services and in conclusion I currently only use Paypal   The first time (and last) that I used Moneybookers (thats how Skrill was named before they changed the name because of bad reputation), they said that my account was suspicious and that as a penalty they will close it and I will have no more access to my money, I didn't fight this since I only had about $5 in the balance.   While on Paypal the other hand I had a great experience, I left my computer on while logged in on my Hearthstone account, my cousin bought for me 40 booster packs (costs 45 euros).  I didn't open any of them and I called Blizzard to take them off my account, and reverse the payment, needless to say Blizzard said all payments are final, so I went to Paypal (after Paypal I would've turned to AMEX).  I showed Paypal evidence of me cancelling the contract with Blizzard and resecuring my account so Blizzard can't save my Paypal info (worst mistake ever).  Paypal used their anti-hacking policy (a policy when user's account is compromised and money was spent unwillingly) against Blizzard and reversed the payment, and since Paypal accused Blizzard of an unsecured system, I got to keep those booster packs or Paypal would've taken it to court.
0	In the 2012-2013 season, excluding sports and reality, [the top ten network shows were](     Big Bang Theory   Modern Family   The Following   Two and a Half Men   Grey's Anatomy   NCIS   Revolution   2 Broke Girls   How I Met Your Mother   Family Guy     And here's the same list, with the number of black actors among the top five and 10 credited on IMDb:     Big Bang Theory (0/0)   Modern Family (0/0)   The Following (0/1)   Two and a Half Men (0/0)   Grey's Anatomy (2/2)   NCIS (0/1)   Revolution (1/1)   2 Broke Girls (1/1)   How I Met Your Mother (0/0)   Family Guy (0.5/0.5) ^1     Assuming the top five credits are the main characters and the top ten are main characters and recurring supporting cast, which is a broad assumption but generally pretty fair, that means the top four network shows and six (or so) of ten have no black main characters at all, and 4 (or so) of the top ten have no black people other than extras, guest spots and cameos.  Put another way, of recurring characters on the top ten scripted network shows 6.5% are black, as compared to 12.6% of the US population.   (And that's counting 2 Broke Girls, which is arguable since the entire show is based on every single character embodying a disparaging racial stereotype.  But that's another rant.)   Statistically speaking there should be at least one show in the top ten with a predominantly black cast.  But there's not.  The Cosby Show ended in 1992, Family Matters ended in 1998 and the Norman Lear classics (The Jeffersons, Good Times) are only shown in reruns on TVOne, which is basically Black TV Land.   So what does this mean?  Two things.   One, there's more than one in ten Americans who don't have anyone on TV to identify with, not just for racial reasons but cultural.  You've got nerdy white people, suburban white people, LA white people, NYC white people, etc., etc., and that's tough to identify with for a black person living in Oakland or Mississippi.  Entertainment is at its core Mary Sue escapism, and it's tough to enjoy it if there's no character to imagine yourself as let alone if it takes place in in a very foreign setting.   (In fact it can be argued that network shows have narrowed their focus to upper-middle-class white people so much that even white people are turning to cable for characters to identify with.  People are struggling with medical bills while the wacky cast of How I Met Your Mother can afford NYC apartments despite not having discernible jobs, so they turn to Walter White who's struggling with medical bills  and does something about it .)   Two, an underserved market has profit potential.  If there's 12.6% of the American public who want characters and settings they recognize, well, you can get rich giving it to them.   So is it racist?  Absolutely not.  It's a reflection of human nature filtered through capitalism.  Networks have essentially turned into White Entertainment Television â€“ shows by white people for white people in which white people get into white situations doing white things â€“ so it's only natural that there would be a demand for TV that reflects other demographic groups.  However it is a reaction to systemic racism in American culture that's hard for people removed from and unaffected by it to understand.   It's not racist black people segregating themselves from network TV.  It's a result of black people who've been gradually removed from network TV, effectively segregated by omission, finding a new home.
1	Jesus christ why does this question always come up when it always has to be answered with the same fucking answer. Because it can get abused. Imagine you're playing your promo with a friend who is also in his promo. Let's you win a game and in the next one you're losing, what do you do? It's easy you make your friend leave so the game doesnt count. Now you got two extra chances to win. Since your friend dodged he'll need to win the next one so if he ends up losing you need to leave the game and since you still have one extra chance you should most likely win the next game and therefore win both of your promos. Another scenario is if a player on a team is feeding and the rest of the team forces him to leave so the game doesnt count for them. There's just so many opportunities to abuse this feature that it wouldnt be worth to implement it. If you use afks as a reason for not being able to clim then you truly deserve to be where you are right now.
0	Story time.  When I was 17, a couple of friends, my brother, and I were skating around the town around 10 PM. I knew a friend that lived up the street that had a neighborhood that backed up to a road. (Keep in mind I didn't know this friend too well, he was more of just a friend I saw a couple of times at school and would say "hi")  I told my friend to drive up there and lets check it out. As we entered his neighborhood, we flashed the car brights on the gate that led to the road which had a sign on it that said "NO TRESPASSING. VIOLATORS WILL BE PROSECUTED". We decided to just drive by and leave. (We never turned off the car or even got out of the car) We saw my friends house with his garage open and the light on. I told me friend to stop and lets say hello. As we pull up to the house I notice a guy standing by the side gate staring at us. I say my friends name "Anon? Anon?" After several attempts the guy just stares and I tell my friend to continue driving. About 5 minutes later we see a white Honda Civic speeding down the street. We didn't think to much of it as it might have been a neighbor leaving. As we continued driving this guy starts speeding 20 mph over the speed limit to try and cut us off. We reached about 60-70 mph on a 45mph road. We had no clue what was going on or why this guy was chasing us. We ended up pulling up to a street light, then and there the guy floors it and cuts us off almost hitting our car. He jumps out and this guys is around 45 years old, taunting us by pounding his chest and putting up his fists to fight. He is walking  towards the car as we yell to my friend driving "put it in reverse!" We end up getting away and make a light that just turned yellow. The man got in his car and ran the red light in order to catch up to us. We lost him and after that went into our neighborhood where we hung out for a little talking about the crazy incident that just happened. As we were all about to go home and call it a night, I said "what if he took your license plate for some reason". After that a cop car turns in our culdesac and tells us to sit on the curb. After talking to the officer about what had just happened, he told us we were suspects of vehicle robbery and that the man who was chasing us was an ex LAPD officer that thought we were trying to break into his jeep. We ended up finding out that "guy" was my friends dad. We all ended up getting a "portrait file card"  which is in the city's database. Basically if I get pulled over and the officer decides to look up my record, it will show I have a portrait file card for suspect of vehicle robbery. The guy ended up getting escorted down to talk to us in my neighborhood where he said "if these cops weren't here, I would fuck you all up" and other statements like that. This whole incident ended up ruining my friendship with the friend as he believed his dad over me.
1	I think that a votekick is a good idea. The time required to queue is penalty enough, especially in higher levels, to encourage someone to be a team player. what votekick does is give the majority of players in a given lobby the ability to form better team cohesion by encouraging communication. I think that in order for a kick to be successful, you should require an overwhelming majority of the players on a team to agree, ie. 3 or 4 in a 5s game. In order to prevent duoqueue abuse, make the 2 people in a duoqueue worth only 1 vote so that you can still kick one or both memebers of the duo. Then only require 3 votes for a kick.  However, if you have any other premade, it actually makes sense to give each person a vote of the same weight, because they've queued up together so you want to encourage cohesion between them. A 4man team should be able to select their fifth man almost with impunity. A lobby of players, ie. on 5man team in 5s, should be able to kick a player and not have to requeue. However, they shouldn't be able to do this indefinitely or you'll get people who just idle in a lobby looking for the perfect team. limit a lobby to 3 kicks, after which that lobby is disbanded and the individuals are returned to the global queue.  This should encourage people to be open to new things or things just outside their comfort zone by not letting them idle with the same group of people for an extended time, while also encouraging pre-game team cohesion by allowing a consensus to remove toxic players.
1	Why are you pissed that you can't have bewitching Nidalee or Definitely Not Blizcrank??   The whole point of the limited sale was for the items to be limited only for the time period of the sale. IT is your fault for missing it.   This is like complaining to a retail store about missing a sale.   Riot is sticking to their words about "Limited" and some people bought those skins because they were limited and the value sticks to the skins.   & plus i think Garena servers came up after Riot so they started later than Riot did.
1	DON't PLAY RANKED YET. I am speaking as someone that went 3-10 and was placed bronze three. Yes, I was the kid that was actually better than what he placed. I wasted three months of climbing to gold because I didnt wait to really hone some of my skills and learn all positions before I rushed my 10 placements.
1	If League had released its closed beta with the current eSports infrastructure in place in the US (popularity, prize money, streaming revenue, developed orgs, etc), you can surely bet that professional teams would have put a stake in the game as early as possible. The nature of eSports rewards those who enter the competitive scene as quickly as possible, as those are the people who will have the greatest opportunities to make a name for themselves and establish their own organizations in that game's community early on.   Take StarCraft 2 or even Warcraft 3 in Korea - professional organizations had opened B-team esque slots within their gaming houses as early as alpha. If the game shows promise as a popular competitive venue with a rapidly developing community, it is well worth the relatively low investment (salary and contract conditions are very minimal in new games compared to established games) for these orgs to foster an early professional team.
1	I missed the vulcan game because I had to work but I was excited to come home and watch dig game and see clg take both wins.   I was just completely shocked that they lost to vulcan. (Less shocked that they lossed to dig, their games are usually pretty close).   The one thing that I do agree with is what people say about hotshot. All he plays are champs like cho, galio, malphite, shen. He never tries to be the carry like he used to be with nidalee. (when clg was the #1 team in the world)   Chausters jungling seemed pretty lackluster also. He should have rolled over dig when he went 2/0 as mundo, but he actually fell slightly behind in cs compared Vi. He also had some really bad smites, they didn't cost him anything that game because dig didn't take advantage, but their were at least two times where they could have easilly lost dragon, or blue buff because of his smites.   I still think CLG are looking pretty good, it's gonna sound like an excuse but I think they just need a few more games played as a team because of all the changes. Link is doing really well and doublemoo seems to be doing alright.
1	You actually went out your way to post on my youtube channel too.  :P. You can read the reply there, however, let me bring you to another example. If you follow Siv HD. He has no Elo, which means I am actually a higher elo than him. And I haven't played ranked in 600-800 games. :P   [
1	The funny part is I had to search 3 pages through reddit to find this.
1	I only really follow the NA scene, so I'll compose a team from there. Top: TSM's Dyrus Jungle: C9's Meteos Mid: CLG's Link ADC: CLG's Doublelift Support: TSM's Xpecial   Dyrus is easily demotivated, but otherwise he is undoubtably the best, most consistent, and most versatile Top in NA, with a mid-sized champion pool that he is extremely well versed with.   Meteos is a very efficient Jungler, he has a unique style that can be easily predicted, but he doesn't need his hand held and he gets huge during his games.  He is also the primary objective and gank caller, so he is proficient at reading the game.   Mid lane was a hard choice between MandatoryCloud and Link, Mandatory cloud tends to take on a carry role such as Ahri or Karthus, but Link has shown such versatility with his champion pool, as well as being unbelieveably consistent, he damn near never loses lane, he takes the vote with me.  Don't forget that, even though he regularly took on a supporting role and CLG had a losing record, he still was not far off from MandatoryCloud in the total kills.   Doublelift is the obvious choice for ADC, his mechanics are unrivaled by pretty much anyone, but he tends to make silly decisions that either lead to him being a God and making a sick play, or randomly giving the enemy a kill.  This, however, leads to the support pick.   Xpecial and Doublelift have played together before, and afterwards they said nothing but good things about each other.  Xpecial is more willing to go in with/after Doublelift and they synergize well with each other, making the plays Doublelift is known for even more amazing and sucessful.  Xpecial is not the primary playcaller for TSM, but along with Meteos I believe they could work well together and Xpecial could pick up what Meteos doesn't.   Remember, these are all my opinions, feel free to hate, love, or argue to your hearts content.
1	back in the day (like 2 years ago now) you'd see double ap double wota comps with kennen/vlad and whatnot because of how differently the game was balanced back then and how effective double wota on two manaless high dps mages was. ever since then spellvamp has been steadily nerfed/changed (ya let's put mana regen on an item primarily used by manaless champions, good logic?) and the meta has shifted away from dps on mages to burst. since spellvamp is more effective on your vlad-style dps mages (and manaless ones as well to be fair, but that's mostly limited to like morde and kennen because akali has her gunblade as did old kat until everything became aoe and spellvamp became wasted on her) it just completely fell out of favor. i don't really think riot likes spellvamp as a concept which seems strange because of how enforced lifesteal is on ad champions, but i guess there's something to be said for the differences between the playstyles of ap and ad heroes. not to mention that you're either buying mana (athenes on practically everyone) or you're playing leblanc ... mana ap mr and cdr combined are more important than sustain.
1	I've lately had horrible experiences of people who call support and CAN'T PLAY FOR SHIT!   I've had people who steal my creeps (or hit them so the tower takes them so neither of us gets the gold), don't use wards (and apparently have no idea what pink wards do), occasionally feed the enemies simply because they don't have enough map awareness to see a jungler who sat in our ward for a minute AND rush items like Soul Shroud and Kage's Lucky Pick.
1	This is spot on! Maybe dragged a bit too long but it is worth the time!   I really liked the part where he said how people say stuff for someone being a try-hard and they have never played neither ranked nor play normal to win or have fun just to "fuck around" (his words :P)!   I totally agree with this... It's so frustrating when you want to play normals to both have fun and practice (genuinely) and try your best and there is this guy that being level 30 and having 500 wins behaves like he just wants to waste YOUR time and plays like he's never played the game before... that's just absurd!
0	You're not being cautious. You may  think  you're being cautious, but when the average road speed on the interstate is 70 mph and you merge going 45 you're just putting everyone who happens to be driving by in danger because one of three things is going to happen. 1) The person you're merging in front of is going to have to quickly change lanes to avoid hitting you. Potentially hitting another vehicle. 2) They have to slam on the breaks to avoid hitting you.  Potentially getting rear-ended by another vehicle. Or 3) The driver doesn't react quickly enough and plows into you. Ironically, and unjustly, it would be his/her (even though you're the one merging onto the interstate at 25 below the posted speed limit) because when two cars are involed in a front to rear collision its always the rear-enders fault, even when it's not. The speed limits are in place for a reason. The ramp is there for a reason. You shouldn't be merging onto the highway at 45 mph just because you want to be "cautious".
0	I guess you don't have a tablet, laptop, or a smartphone. Barnes and Nobles doesn't believe in the staying power of books. Paper companies are losing sales as time goes by. Every green initiative involves going paperless. You've been able to get out of handwritten notes since the tape recorder came out in the 70s (I'm not sure of that decade, so don't quote me). I'm sure some people will still be writing things down, people still insisted that cars were unsafe and still drove horse drawn carriages well into the 1900s. But to say that the printing press of the modern age won't affect our culture as a whole is ridiculous.   I don't care if you write your grocery list in cursive in ten years time. Hell, I honestly don't care if you write in cursive now. But to insist that it is vital that we teach children am outmoded style of writing that they usually don't ever see (computers happen to print, not scrawl) is just being obtuse. Especially if we know that typing does every thing better than cursive that cursive did better than hand written print: typing is faster, easier on the hands, and it looks more official.
0	This. I've had a hive in my north wall for as long as I've lived in this house. Because I'm the only person in my family who isn't deathly allergic to bee sings, I called literally every listed beekeeper in the state.   Best deal I've heard thus far? $450.
1	No, not using meta summoners/buildpaths/skill order/champions is not a bannable offence regardless if it is ranked or normals. If they refused to communicate you can report them for that, or if they were a "unskilled player" (although the unskilled player report doesn't do anything) you can report them for that too.
1	I am a newish level 30 on my first account and after having many problems(afk teammates/trolls) in my promo matches I ended up in bronze 1.In one of the games our jungle Nunu went 0-22-2. Now I don't claim to be amazing but I believe I am better than most people in this league,but every other game I end up 4v5 or someone or their entire team gets fed. I was honestly considering just giving up on ranked and even possibly the game. After reading this I am convinced that I should give it another try.
1	Or just make it a real MOBA and make a map simply meant for FFA Combat.   But then again, this would cause an immense amount of balancing issues, as Darius vs Ashe 1v1 would not end up well. And late game ranged champs would have the huge advantage, opposed to many others.
0	Maybe. Suppose you're fighting against what you perceive as a corrupt police department in your city. They've got humvees and all sorts of military-grade vehicles in their vehicle pool.   The easiest thing for a police officer, or at least any group of authoritative people, in riot control, is to actually never have started a riot.   It's alot easier to be peaceful for most people, and I'm fairly certain that cops are people as well. Then you get the odd one that goes and fucks it up for everyone, and he gets taped and posted all over reddit.   People go "oh fucking cops need to stop being cops, man, they're so corrupt dae corrupt cops??" and what should have been a respectful aloofness turns into full retardation and quickly adds a lot of rage, hate, and suspicion in those humvees.
0	Yes, I have learned that asking for sex will not make my wife want to have sex. It's SO much better when she initiates because I know she really wants to do it. Same thing applies to "trying new things." Before when I would ask for a new position, she got annoyed. Now that she taking control trying new things, she is comfortable and really enjoying the adventure.
1	I'd love it if Riot could just keep the old map as legacy option. There shouldn't be any disadvantage or advantage after all, because the map is pretty much the same (minus some changes to collision boxes and meshes).   Your condition is however really really rare (i read about 1/40000), so while it would be nice to offer the option (and personally i feel like developers should have to offer alternatives) it is in fact a numbers game.   It's not sensible to expect dozens of workhours for a miniscule part of the playerbase (1/40000   25   56 if you assume the playerbase is about 56 million makes 1250 people suffering from your condition). It would be a great deed for Riot to do that, but ultimately, from a business standpoint, it probably won't happen.
0	I highly doubt that he is really one of Jehovah's Witnesses. You spelled Jehovah wrong and if he were he wouldn't be in a relationship with an atheist. My guess is he was raised as one but is not one.
0	Alright story time, I never get to tell this story and it's like one of my only two moments of ever being a complete bad ass (in my mind that is).   I volunteered at the Boys and Girls Club once because they needed help with this Halloween festival that they were throwing. I was assigned the task of driving this tractor around the park, and giving rides to anyone who needed it (was actually pretty bad ass). I was supposed to do this for the better part of ten hours, but a little after the first hour the tractor broke down. The woman who was running the entire event became aware of this, and was finding it difficult to find another task for me. Instead of going home, I took it upon myself to go around to each booth and relieve other volunteers, so that they could go eat lunch or just take a break.   Fast forward to the end of the festival, I've now worked at every single booth in the park, and I have met all of the volunteers at this point (no breaks myself mind you). The woman running the entire event rallied up all the volunteers for one last meeting. She assigned everyone cleaning responsibilities, but before we dispersed some local high school students asked her to sign their hour sheets (I'm assuming a graduation requirement). She flat out refused to sign them. She stated that she never agreed to do that; keep in mind she's easily 280+ lbs. and hasn't done a single thing all day.   She then had the audacity to tell them to get to work on cleaning. The defeated look on these students faces completely pissed me off. I'm pretty tired and hungry at this point, so without even thinking I said, and I quote, "that's fucking stupid. You're fucking stupid," right in front of a group of about 30 volunteers. She completely lost it.   She started screaming that I haven't done a single thing all day, that I broke their tractor, she was demanding to know what school I went to, she wanted to know my principle's name; her pissed off fat face was completely red (imagine the blueberry girl from Willy Wonka, but red). After her little rage, the entire group is just staring at me, so I respond:   "I'm not a high school student, I'm a 20 year old just volunteering his time. There isn't anyone you can contact. However, if you can get me the number to your supervisor that would be greatly appreciated. If this is how you treat your volunteers, then I can only imagine the way you treat the poor kids at the Boys and Girls Club."   She was completely dumbstruck. You could literally see her trying to process what just happened. She responded:   "Well if you want the number you're going to need to find a pen and a piece of paper." (You weren't allowed to have your phone on you was one of their requirements for volunteering.)   I then, in quite possibly the smoothest move in my entire life, pulled out three pens from my pocket and said:   "I actually anticipated something like this happening when I initially spoke to you on the phone. Would you like a black, blue, or red pen?" One of the high school students were more than happy to give me a piece of paper. She wrote the number down and literally threw it at me. When it hit the ground we both just stared at it. I kicked it towards her and asked if she wanted to try that again. I watched as she struggled to bend over to pick it up and then hand it to me. I then told her that I had zero intentions of cleaning up, so I handed her a garbage bag and promptly left.   I did end up calling her supervisor and leaving a message. He called me back, left a message, saying that he would be more than happy to sign my hours sheet for school. I didn't bother following up with that since I realized it wasn't worth fighting these incompetent people over nothing.
0	Okay. So this is a common occurrence. I've seen people say this [on reddit]( and out there in the world beyond our computer screens.     Oh new music is so terrible, how do people listen to this? There isn't anything new that's good.     Or something along those lines. Heck, people often express their desperation for new music across /r/Music: [1]( [2]( etc.   The truth is,  radio just doesn't cut it anymore . A consistently good radio channel is a rare find nowadays. Most of them cater to 'popular' demands, and so you'll end up listening to the same set of tracks, over and over.   No. What you really want is a steady flow of good new music.   So, listen up.     Are you interested in anything electronic? Ranging from smooth chillout, through solid house music even to pretty hard rave material or experimental music most can't make ends or tails of?     You'll want to check out [this excellent thread right here]( /u/Flstandantilus did a service to mankind in setting that one up.     Personal protip: **[Hypem]( Make a free account, like some songs you already know and like, and use the [Blog Recommender]( to make it figure out what blogs are best suited for you to follow.         Is rock more your thing? Alternative? Even indie?     **[Spotify's]( Related Artist tab, or Spotify Radio, are your best bets. Hypem is still pretty good too in this area, especially in indie alternative.     **[Pitchfork]( often finds absolute gems. They'll link you through to [Soundcloud]( most of the time, where you can also find a ton of great new music, often released directly by artists.         Pop? Anything else?     Google is your best friend here. Here's some [metal blogs]( [Pop blogs, even.](     Music is an ever-changing river, no, more like a gigantic torrent of new content. I am not the all-knowing idiot here, so if you have any suggestions, bring it on, let me absorb your knowledge.             Anyway, I hope that helps. Please don't be discouraged by the new and unfamiliar. If it weren't for the internet, I'd still be listening to the same old rock and pop radio channels play every day.
1	Yes, I thought that was obvious... "I see what you did there" refers to something that is hidden and hard to realize. These kinds of messages can be found in nearly every thread here in r/lol. Wheres the hidden thing? It's like someone spoke in L33tspeak and the next one goes "I see what you did there (used numbers as letters)"
0	As a server in a large corporate restaurant, this advice is totally unnecessary. The people working at restaurants need that money and (most of the time...obviously there are exceptions) work hard for it. Servers usually make less than (often a lot less than) 5 bucks an hour, and so depend on your tip to pay their bills. Even if the kitchen  did  try to just give you back the same plate (which they really don't do. The movie Waiting is not a good representation of what happens in restaurants.), your server would likely notice and make them do it over. Most restaurant cooks would rather just redo the food than deal with trying to pass it off and then have to redo it anyway. On top of that, if a manager is notified, there's no way you'll get the same food. And most servers will notify a manager because the managers can do more to make the customer happy (discounts, coupons, etc.) than the server is capable of. Happy customers = better tips (unless you're a dick).
1	Explanation here. WAKE UP RITO, FOR ONCE!   It's an old tactic and the safest way to boost if you're not really sure of what you are doing by logging into clients' accounts, it's also less intrusive. Basically, that account with the fancy Trynd stats is his smurf. He loses a ton of games to tank his MMR to some ludicrously low value, then duo queues with a client who, say, is Silver V and wants to get boosted to Gold.   When he is duo queing he obviously tryhards with Tryndamere and, because he's probably a Diamond+ player, and is being matched with Silver players, he stomps all over them.   The problem with this is that it is not a very effective way of boosting. Why? For one, the MMR disparity is HUGE, which means that, say his MMR is 600 elo, his duo is 1400. Together, they average 1000 elo, which means the opposing team will have MMRs around 1000 elo.   Now say that they win the game (obviously). The 1400 elo player won  against 1000 elo, as the system expected he'd do 80% of the time, so the system compensates that and he receives less LP, probably 8-10 instead of 20. Oppositely, his smurf account with 600 elo just won vs ~1000, which the system did not expect to happen, so he is compensated with a high LP amount, probably receives 30-40 lp for that single victory instead of 20.   What that means is that when doing this, his MMR (and consequently LP) raise really fast, so for every game he wins this way, he has to troll 2-3 games to tank it back down. And his client will be climbing reaaaaaally slowly. It's a long and ineffective process.   HOWEVER , when Season 3 arrived with that fancy "promo" matches, things got really, really, really interesting and boosters all over the world rejoiced. Why? Think about it, when you are into a promo the system  doesn't  care what the enemy MMR is, or how much LP you'd win. It just cares if you win or not. If you win 3 out of 5 games of your Diamond V promotion, even if against Snow V people, it still counts as victories, and you still advance through the promos. So, just duo queue when in promo and voilÃ¡. Not only that, until recently you couldn't drop Tiers. Free money and free gold/plat/dia borders for everyone!   But wait, we can still exploit this a little further: let's say he has/is a highly skilled player close to his Challenger promotions. As any Challenger player worth his salt will tell you, if anything it's luck more than anything that guarantees that you win those promotions at your first try. That, + the hardcore clamping that occurs at Dia I + DdOS'ers + ragers/afks in general, make it really tempting to just be done with those matches at your first try, and enjoy the 1 week (or 2 weeks, dunno) immunity to demotion you get.   So... your highly skilled friend whom you met at Diamond I creates an account and trolls his way to negative elo. Then, you duo queue, one in a challenger account, the other in the smurf account.   Play 3 games in a row against Platinum players as Diamond I/almost challenger and enjoy the free promotion to the highest, most competitive tier in the game.
0	So what? Potoo is new too, you gonna hate on the meme too for being new? Thousands of people are joining the reddit community as days go by and many people have never even traveled into the time wasting abyss that is 4chan.
1	If that support is Taric, he'll probably solo you. Then he'll mercilessly hunt down the rest of your team, like a fabulous, gem-studded Vayne.   ^^^
1	If you have high MMR, sure, you might be facing mid platinums in your gold promos, but your team will have platinums too... so if you can pull your weight you'll be fine.   To climb quickly you need to go on consistent winning streaks. You have to pull yourself up to 100 LP in a division  and then  win two of the next three games.   If you're playing with people of the same skill level as you, you shouldn't be going on winning streaks very often. The whole purpose of the MMR system is to put you into fairly even matchups.
1	They only give reform cards for bans. You can get chat restricted for 1,000's of games and never provided any reasoning of why.   There is also NOTHING in place to actually look at people deserve restrictions or not. The automated bot is only for bans, not restrictions. They essential put a weight on how 'trustworthy' a person's report is (it can be safely assumed, they do this purely by how often you report players, as 99%+ of reports do not lead to any punishment [from the statistics Riot has released], and therefor there is no legitimate way of deeming which reports are actually 'false'), and if players get reported enough times by 'trustworthy' (aka, players who don't report often) players, then they automatically receive a restriction.   It can safely be assumed, that people who report every player who is 'toxic', have very low 'trustworthy' ratings (meaning, they report a lot).   The entire system is based around the idea that only the worse __% of players should get punished. They FINALLY (4 years, woohoo), decided to put a system in place that will punish the more sever harassment/language harder (before calling someone a 'noob' would give you the same punishment as calling them 'motherf ing n er'). Certainly a step in the right direction (assuming the system is actually working as described), but it's absurd that it's taken this long and it's also absurd that they are keeping BOTH systems in place.   Essentially, what this means is. If you get reported enough, your chat log will be looked at by the automated system. If the automated system finds something you get hit with a ban. If it doesn't find anything, you automatically get a chat/ranked restriction.
1	Quinn top!  A lot of people dislike her because she isn't a tank, and the new meta favors tanks top lane. But I manage pretty well, while I don't have a 100% win rate with her, I tend to do pretty well!   The reason I like her is her mechanics primarily (as with most champs) I think they are fun, interesting, unique, and pretty damn strong if played correctly.     Like for example her most basic combo is to auto someone who is marked (you passive trys to prioritize nearby champs or low health minions for last hitting) vaulting off of them and then hitting them again as it marks them a second time. Level 1 engages are extremely easy to trade as you deal massive damage already since it's your passive doing all the work, and your vault will launch you away so most champs you face top lane won't be able to catch you as it slows them as well. This doesn't work with every champion, such as Teemo, some Olaf's, Pantheon... But most matchups you will be in will be in your favor.   She is also great at kiting, as grabbing her W makes it so when you hit someone who is marked, they take bonus damage (if you vaulted its a minor knock back for the cancels and a decent slow) and you gain move speed and attack speed. So facing melee w/o hard engage is a dream as that is most of the people that I personally have faced in my 15+ games in the past few days   So that's her solo lane potential, she has great trading and kiting potential. Given she is in a decent matchup. But she also is an amazing roamer and ganker with Valor and her ult. I regularly gank mid lane after I hit 6, to either save, or further dominate mid lane. And if bot is having troubles, i can either roam over there, or i always got TP. This mechanic alone also could make her a decent mid laner, as she has equal opportunity to be in EVERY lane at once, and easier drag access.   And finally her mid to late game. She is pretty decent in team fights, as her ult lets her run to the back lines and focus the enemy squishies (given the opportunity, meaning their tanks and hard CC is occupied or non-existant) with her ult she has amazing burst as she can dive them Q then get em low to skystrike, as it deals more damage the lower health that they have. (I believe the ratio is 1% more damage per % missing for a maximum of double damage at 100%) Her passive and vault combo later in the game can easily 2-shot squishies so she should ALWAYS prioritize them (as most champions should). And with last whisper she has some tank shred potential simply because she has such high damage from her passive.     P.S.  I forgot to mention her W. It basically gives you a few seconds of vision in a decently large area, also giving vision inside brush. So you should never have to facecheck again. Although it is on a really long CD (40+ seconds) but ranking it up still has a benefit as it gives you attack speed bonuses with your marks and with Valor.
1	DO NOT BUY CAPTAIN BOOTS ON ELISE.   I tested this and Elises spiders MS is based on how far they are away form her. So giving them Extra MS means they will run away from Elise quicker and then leash back to her quicker. A leashing spider must walk all the way back to Elise not just back into her range. Thus spiderlings will spend more time running back to Elise with their Extra MS then chasing down a target.
1	they WORKED for him, so they deserve a salary, it's that simple.   He wasn't doing anyone a favor. Play video games is what these people do for a living, so they need to get paid.   You are very naive, this guy intention was to get paid too (if his lol team got in LCS he would get a good amount of money from RIOT and sponsors) not help esports grow (even thought he might wanted this 2).
1	I honestly don't care what happens in my games anymore.  Sure it got annoying but once you realize that it is a game and that you only play to have fun then you don't care what other people do.  Sure it sucks when people afk and troll in ranked but you can't do anything about that.  Just report and move on.  In ranked I rarely get any trolls and when I do I can carry a 4v5 rather easily. But if I can't oh well I'll queue again.   Normals I don't care what happens in either.  Usually I'm playing to try out a champion before I bring them into ranked. I go into normals to have fun and mess around.  Just last night me and some friends played blitz alistar Leona tri lane roaming.  We didnt care the outcome of the game as long as we were having fun.  At the end of the game (we won). Both teams were telling us how funny that game was.
1	Totally agree with this. Just yesterday I was playing a ranked match at 1300 elo. I was first pick and said I wanted mid. I assumed that the others would respect my choice since I was first pick but the third pick proceeded to insist that he go mid. I also thought about it and taking mid as a first pick did not seem a wise choice(does it even matter at 1300 elo?)   So i grabbed alistar and went support instead. We ended up wrecking the other team 24-5 and it seemed like their team did not co-operate at all. They had a cait and cho gath bot lane and the cho gath started by getting sorc boots.
1	Did you just relate the insult Bronze to racism...? Seriously?   People call it Bronze as it's the lowest recognised tier level of play and it's the same in all aspects of life. In premiership football if someone is bad, it's common for them to referred to as a Sunday League/Pub League player for example. Even in the LCS is someone does something bad it's related to another example of the worst type of that play, for example miss smiting I believe is often related to SaintVicious as he's done it a few times I believe, dying to a buff is related to BrokenShard I think etc.   Personally I don't use the bronze insult as it seems pointless, they're in a game with me for a reason, if he got to the same MMR as me being that bad, how bad does it make me?
1	I've created separated playlists for my main champions, I've also got some theme/core song for each, helping me to play them or just fitting somehow. I've managed to do comparision between playing with no music (in-game music disabled) to playing with champion-matching playlist, and got at average 5 percent points winrate when listening to something. It was 49% winrate (across ~200 games) for no music to 54% winrate (across ~350 games) for champion-matched or role-matched music. Games was both SR, TT and ARAM, mixed. Remember it's single person pool size, so it's very inaccurate and poor statistic base. At least I know music works for me.   We've also experimented lately a little with adding music bot to our ranked 5s Teamspeak channel, to help being on the same track while playing. I don't think the influence is noticable, the only thing I've found is that team reacts faster to follow-up, when engage matched tempo change (bass drop, guitar riff or similar).
1	well wanna know why? well how many minutes do you think would a top laner with a smite waste for killing 20+ large monster and remember jungler would also be sharing those large monster and they do not respawn for at least a minute, so 20 or something would be like realistically 10-15 minutes basically mid game and that is only applicable for 1 person with smite and early jungle pressure would rise again
1	He has so much similarities with alot of champion with his summons global snipes karthus like wall and many other skills.   But I'd say hes more so the orianna of dota but more complex(plz no hate I play league more but hes 100% the hardest champ/hero out of the two games)   Incredibly high skill cap.   strong late game.   A skil(invokers fire orb)/passive(oriana's default passive) to passively help auto/harass.   The movement abilities of each   and the aoe wombo( oriannas qrw) (invokers chaos meteor + defeaning blast)
0	My turn for a story!   I used to work in retail at a store called Harvey Norman, in Australia. One day i was working in the "tech bay" where customers come for repairs, returns etc. This one guy bought a phone in (home phone) and tried to tell me the screen was cracked when he opened the box.   The phone was clearly dropped, and and you could tell by A) the cracked screen, and B)the bloody side of it was scraped like someone had skid'd it across the road.   I go through the process anyway, look at the recipt etc. The phone was purchased 2 years ago! I tried to tell him it was clearly dropped or even thrown but he'd have none of it. He INSISTED that his WHOLE house was covered in carpet and there was no way if it dropped that it would break like this. I told him again, we won't replace it for him, and explained why.   After giving him the phone back, he lobbed it straight at my chest and ran out after the guard started running to wards him.
1	My personal favorite is when the AD tells me to "only use them on cannons" because "it's useless otherwise". I stated that, "if I have stacks and there are no cannons then I'd like to take the melees if possible". I was then flamed. My AD was 2-0, so I roamed mid, following their support. My AD then dies in a 1v1 and in all caps types "WHAT THE FUCK LEONA WHY DID YOU LEAVE LANE? WHERE THE FUCK IS MY SUPPORT?"
0	There's a difference between being a "nice guy" and being a fucking gentleman. Grow some manners. Treat women with respect. Hold yourself confidently.
1	I understand TSM's reasons for removing Chaox, but most of these reasons (lack of motivation, sub-optimal champ pool) could potentially be fixed -- as the team members mentioned.  My question is,  why didn't they wait to see what Chaox does after experiencing the bench for a week.  He could potentially come back with greater motivation to improve, and maybe go on to redeem himself?   Now I'll go into some of the reasons why I would have suggested that plan.   An alert or warning is what I'd like to see in my own employer: if I make a bad mistake -- and don't even apologize -- he/she should put me on a kind of probation, tell me I am in danger and I should work hard to compensate.  This last part is what Regi didn't do: give Chaox the chance to compensate.  From then on my (or in this case Chaox's) work would ideally improve even beyond the period of probation (period of probation = week following temporary benching in this analogy).   Let me bring this up again: in gameCrib's clips most of the team members' opinions repeatedly showed that their favoring of turtle over Chaox was definitely open to change.  Chaox also mentioned he felt he changed as a person because of his (at that point) temporary benching.   Moreover in making important decisions like benching some player you should look at potential biases and logical errors common to all decision making.  In this case the availability heuristic may have come into play.  i.e. turtle's amazing plays were very fresh in TSM players' minds whereas chaox's plays were more distant.  Decision making theory suggests that the more recent nature of this memory would make the play (pentakill etc) seem even better and make chaox's plays seem worse in comparison.
1	What do you learn from the timers? It isn't something that you can get used to playing with in normals and then transition it to ranked, you still have to manually time after disabling the auto timers again, unlike the graphical tower range in bot games which help you learn the tower ranges.
1	Anything can be fixed with number tweaks.   Ashe just got her AS buffed from 3.4% to 4.0% and her pick/win rate is drastically higher than what it used to be.  Tristana got buffed from 3.0% to 4.0% and now Trist is  everywhere .  The worst part that Riot recognized that low stat growth is DEATH for an ADC, and then released Quinn (at  3.1% ) the same patch those two got buffed.   Give Quinn a base stats buff and I'd guarantee you she'd be played.   Give her Ashe/Tristana's attack speed per level (4% per level instead of 3.11%).  Or give her Draven's attack delay instead (-.08 instead of -.065).  Hell, even giving her Graves' AD (51 instead of 48) with Draven's AD growth (3.5 per level vs 3.0) would help.   Riot just doesn't want to buff characters  ever .  I can promise you I could make Quinn a viable carry overnight just by giving her 650 range like Caitlyn.
0	Ms Z(changed) at Poinciana HS in Florida. She was my Anatomy teacher. I was new to the school, having moved from NYC and was immediately targeted by this a prick in that class. He made me feel like an outcast. I told Ms Z, but was told to bear with it. WTF? At one point he convinced everyone that I was gonna bring a gun to school, which got me under the school councilor's eye.   One day I flipped him off when he told the classmates I was a useless team mate. He got physical and I shoved him back, just in time for Ms Z to turn and only see me doing the pushing. She tells me after class that she believes his claims about me, because she's known him longer, and that I'm a thug from NYC. I cut the next class and called my father to tell him everything. The same day, he left work to confront her. In 15 minutes he got her intimidated and pissed, which he then used as an example for her to know what I was dealing with when she should have just helped when I asked. She apologized the next day.   About a month later, she brought in a baby animal she had found. Everyone in the class decided it was squirrel, to which I objected. It had a long snout. Squirrels don't have long snouts. I told them this. No one fucking knew what a snout was. They called me a smart ass. Ms Z told me to accept the consensus. She then left it on a table with no box to hold it. It fell off the table 4 times. And she let it happen even when I warned her each time. She force fed it squirrel formula. It died a day later. One week later, we learn it was a fucking raccoon. I'm called a snob for being right. To this day my blood boils when I think about it. That bitch let ignorance rule, and a baby raccoon died for it. If I every saw again, even if she didn't remember me, I would tell her, "A baby died because of you."
1	1 for the post, very interesting and a good look at the psychological side of things. However (as someone studying psychology at university) I can't help but want to pick up on this...   "Hereâ€™s a fact of life: nobody performs better in high anxiety situations. Some people claim to do well under pressure, but there is no research indicating that performance increases as anxiety does for anybody. The best professional athletes are the ones who are so deep in the zone of their sports that they donâ€™t even really notice the crowd. Or, if they do, they donâ€™t care that theyâ€™re being watched. They may even like the attention."   Different people perform differently under different pressures. There's actually substantial research into what affects someone's 'social facilitation' or, how they perform in front of an audience or under pressure.   I was gonna ramble about different stuff but the point I want to make is this: It is found that under pressure (in general) tasks found to be EASIER (ie, more practised) by an individual become easier due to it being second nature. Like washing when you stop in the street to tie your shoelaces - people are waiting for you, but you do it lickity-split. Easy task - no thought required under pressure. However with difficult (non-well-practised) tasks that require a lot of cognitive attention, when under pressure people are found to perform worse (BLUEWIRE REDWIRE BLUEWIRE REDWIRE ARRRRGHGGHH).   EDIT : For those interested in background research Triplett (1898) is the man for research on task difficulty and performance and Uziel (2007) researched the effect of personality type on performance - do we need to be a certain type of person to be able to perform in league of legends?
1	Honestly i've not been a fan of elementz, I've felt that hes far more talk than actual good play. I'm not a saint fan either if thats what you're thinking. I felt that elementz really hasn't been in the top supports since last year around dreamhack, even then he was maybe in the top 5 or so supports, he never had that like status that right no like gosu pepper, krepo, xpecial or chauster have. That last series was the only time when i've seen him in the past year or so when i'm like "damn, thats actually some really impressive play."   If he keeps it up he could totally be one of the better supports in the world honestly. I feel like he is more willing than other supports to try strange things, he definitly had good calls with fiddle support. Its a gimmick ultimatly, but hey, he played it perfectly, and I could totally see him pulling out stuff like that at regionals where randomly hes just like "BOOM i'm playing zil support!" throwing bombs on a graves or something with a lot of early armor and just putting every other bot lane out of their comfort zone. Fiddle was played well enough that xpecial and chaox just didn't know how to respond or play around it.
1	Here come the 100 downvotes comment again.   I really hate how Trick and Nightblue go about their streams. They provide close to 0 information to a large following and they actually fuck up soloqueue a bit. They play like they would, a Challenger in lower queues and they put things in that perspective. A silver or gold guy has no chance to emulate that.   I own multiple accounts and I main support. With the support changes, I stopped getting it each game so I had to play other roles. I started playing on new accounts since I had no clue how to farm, position, control waves, roam, etc. and I didn't want to ruin games at higher elo so I felt I did belong around Gold/Silver.   Now the problem is that both on EUNE and EUW if I go mid, I'm 99% sure I won't get the second, third or any blue. I always ask if I should go blue, I get no answer or I'm told I should go so I sacrifice minions for it only to have it smited away and then be told: "Lol fucking noob I'll carry you" by a 0/3/0 Kha or Udyr or whatever the hell random jungler was played on a stream.   What's the point of me being 3/0?  When the enemy gets blue buff and I don't he's going to poke the shit out of me. You take Ahri for example. She'll have  ~40mp5  without items at level 7 with blue. She will have 600 mana. She will have  6 seconds CD on Q . Rank 4 Q costs 70 mana. 6 seconds = 48 mana regen. Let's say she kills 3 creeps, that's 12 more mana from Doran. She spends 10 mana for a Q. She has ~600 mana. She will have to cast 54 Qs to run out of mana with blue...  She can cast 25 Qs while she has blue (because of duration) and that will put her at 350 mana. She needs 305 mana to use her entire kit (including ulti).   What did I achieve? If I spend my mana to push I probably will have to recall after the roam. She will be able to push my lane, roam and probably get back to lane at full mana.
0	Here's a studying linking sleep duration and mortality,]( in case anyone is interested.
1	Jungle main here,   the mindset that I have when playing this game seriously is that even if the lanes go wrong, there must have been a time where i could have helped. don't worry about what your teammates need to improve on. worry about your own performance. record your games if possible and watch replays.
1	This client is ridicoulous.     First of all DC thing     then i got something like lobby started and there was no messages or anything in chat and after some time it said i was muted from lobby (WTF?) but suddenly after that it went ok again     In the same queue i was first pick so i picked champ for me, and after me 3 people then... it quit from lobby and said i didnt pick a champion (DAFUQ?)       When i finally picked the game, all the time after start i got fps drops and lag spikes, and in like 10 minute i got bug similar to the starting one that the screen is going to the edge and u must hit alt-tab to back again... so i lost my lane by bug. I got this in another game, but when i was doing wolves so it wasnt that crucial.
0	I love spending time with my girlfriend.   I also enjoy my personal time alone. Sometimes the two happen at the same time, other times I have to kick her out so she gets girl time and I get me time.
1	I don't even smoke, but this was the best
1	I'd like to give you a tip; When playing AD carries, berserker greaves are better option than mercs 90% of the time (you can sell them and buy mercs later on if needed), also you should avoid rushing BV too, if you don't get any damage items you won't be able to do much till late game.   Just buy Berserker's Greaves, IE/BT, PD, then either BV or IE/BT depending which one you didn't buy yet.   Though I'd like to mention that you should just focus on getting as much damage as possible and stay out of the harms way, position yourself so that you won't get killed and hit whatever you can reach (it's okay to hit the tanks if you can't reach more valuable targets without putting yourself in danger).
1	If Riot guts Elise's range, they better undo her damage reduction changes.   These kind of hard hitting changes without any compensation are unacceptable.
1	I had his happen last night and thought it was going to be the shortest game ever. We had Tryndamere, Udyr, Warwick, Shyvanna and Nunu.. so yes a little harass with Nunu, but we were up against Lux, Ez, Volibear,  Sona and Kassadin. They had all of our towers down before we had touched one of theirs. We won a team battle and were able to knock out their inhib in one big push. Turned out to be an epic 34 minute battle and we came back and won. Was much more fun than we thought it would be. Sorry for the wall, just wanted to share that it's not always a bad thing.
0	That's a great question, account_awaythrow. I believe that America is, loosely, a "patriarchy"; that it is ultimately run by men (it isn't to say that women can't participate, but just look at the numbers).   I thought Pingasman81 was slut-shaming; ie, telling a woman she should be ashamed of herself for who/why she had sex with someone. (I was wrong and have since apologized.) Slut-shaming is a practice that helps to perpetuate the patriarchy, and is itself a result of the patriarchy. Hence, I flippantly referred to this cultural undercurrent (which I consider to be a huge problem) in that second damnation, "Fuck the patriarchy."   Also, I did not suggest that Pingasman81 is a man (although "man" is in his username), and I do not believe that the patriarchy is supported exclusively by men. It's a lot easier for women to sell themselves out to the system (for example, taking jobs for lower wages) than it is to wrestle power back from the hands of the few.
0	Yeah we have a very small budget and try to work in eating out occasionally. It's never stressful for us we always go at a time that is the easiest for the child. It might change the older he gets and I know I'll have to give the talk before hand as well. But I like taking him and will continue because I know it's part of him learning how to behave in this type of setting early on as opposed to fighting him that much harder when he's 7 &8.   In my own experience I've seen a 12 year old ( cousin) go to a restaurant and act like a 5 year old. Getting up and down and screaming etc because he'd never had to behave in one before. This might be an extreme case because he really was never taught how to behave in any situation.  I never remember an instance where I acted this way. My brothers and I knew how to behave in public and wouldn't dream of acting this way.   Then again if you're not going to want to have a nice relaxing dinner with your family at a restaurant in the future or that's not really what your family does anyway then I guess it wouldn't be beneficial to expose them. But there are ways to have the dinner you want if that's important to you. :)
0	I ask you to please keep an open mind for what I'm about to say, because it may not agree with your political opinions. You may not even be interested in such discussion, but since you brought up a very interesting issue, I thought I'd give an honest response.   I'll start by saying that society is not that simple. I sympathize entirely with your notion that you don't want to pay for other people's financial troubles when those troubles were essentially brought upon themselves. However, and this is the big however that is the foundation of my argument, consider that these people's financial troubles are highly influenced by powers out of their own control. I'm talking about political influence which affects the socioeconomic dynamics of a country over a period of decades.   Society is not fair. Some times citizens will be responsible for paying for problems which they did not directly or consciously cause. Unintended side effects of political maneuvering over decades is really what we're talking about here.   Consider this extreme thought experiment: What if your parent's and grandparent's generations voted into office a government whose platform was to take out a loan from another country so that everyone in the US could have 20 Chevy convertibles. The loan would be so large, that your generation would have to pay this loan despite not ever having a say in the matter.   In a similar way, today's poor in the US are at least partially victims of what has been slowly occurring over decades without their say. They have no money and therefore no political power and therefore have no voice. You and I didn't directly cause any of this, but our government and country did over a period of decades. Are we just to leave their further situation to further diminish? That's where the responsibility comes. If you're hiking on a mountain and you pass a man with a broken leg, do you leave him there saying it isn't your problem? Is there not some social contract that we have all entered?   I'm not suggesting communism. But we could at least help even the odds in this game we call mixed capitalism. Education, for example, is socialized and yet underperforming schools are punished for underperforming and therefore receive  less  funds instead of more. Of course, the poorest performing schools are found in poor areas. Metaphorically speaking, we are giving AK-47s to those children fortune enough to be born in wealthy areas, and giving poor children no weapons. Then we send them out onto the warzone that we call "life" and we blame them when they lose every fight. Let's at least arm them properly.
0	The sharp crash we've experienced is more pronounced than cyclical corrections. The market is not at equilibrium right now. We both agree that oil will rebound, but I don't think it'll take more than 2 years. It's highly likely that oil will rebound in 2015 to at least $70 if not $80, and likely $90-100 the year after that.   A lot of people have correctly mentioned the supply side of this (lower prices hurt unconventional plays, which account for almost all of the recent growth) but the demand side of the equation is perhaps more important.   Lower oil prices induce demand. They induce new driving, they encourage the sale and use of energy-intensive vehicles, they induce energy consumption in other sectors, and they affect land use. Inducing demand for cars also has impacts on land use (increased suburbanization) which leads to yet more demand for cars (positive feedback).
1	If not in Ranked, then at least try to do something outside your comfort zone in Normal games. I tend to play super super passive and farm, especially when I'm solo top. One night, I decided I had enough of Teemo's shit, so I just killed him. Again and again. I had no idea I could. Sometimes I don't even try to fight until one of my friends in Skype says "Hey Enigmers, you can definitely just dive that dude."
0	Why not both! Lol in all seriousness though i have both worlds, i regret the gaming pc though cause i built it when i had zippo money, right now i have money, i should have built it now! Now im $800 in debt
0	I prefer big women and am an ass / legs guy... ass & legs surround a woman's reproductive center, so liking that makes sense.   What doesn't make sense is when men are into breasts, which serve the purpose of feeding children, and like it when a woman's behind looks like a young boy's.  Freud would have some interesting things to say about what our society finds attractive in women.
0	Right? Fuck everybody saying this stuff, I feel like I entered one giant racist circlejerk by opening the comments. Also, for the record, I wasn't a lifeguard, but I worked around the beach and pool areas at my last job (for 3 long years), so I saw everything the lifeguards did pretty much. We had black kids, white kids, and other kids of different races. Do you know who caused the most trouble out of all of them? Three spoiled white kids. So all of these closet bigots need to sit the fuck down.
1	Allow me to make a counterpoint. For background, I'm not even ranked; this is completely from a mathematical standpoint. I also play chess at a ~1900 level, and chess uses a similar rating system to LoL as you probably know.   I believe that people's skills are more variable at lower levels. Someone ranked ~2100 might have a good day and play at a 2200 skill, or have a bad day and play at a ~2000 skill. However, someone rated ~800 might have a good day and have a skill of around 1200, and decide to drunkLoL one day and end up feeding. In other words, variation increases as the rating decreases.   I'd define ELO hell, then, as the area where the variation is so great that the law of large numbers requires an extremely high number of games in order to increase your rating. You might have a skill level 200 points higher than your actual rating, but it would take a lot of games to increase your rating. This is because the variation in peoples' skills is too great. In higher-level games, everyone will play at a level close to their true ELO. In lower-level games, you will have a few people who are having a great day, and play at 400 points over their level, and you will have a few people who play at 400 points below their level because they're extremely tired. Therefore, the fact that you're 200 points over the median skill level in the game won't really matter.   If you don't believe me, create a smurf and go play custom games. These people are REALLY bad; you should be able to beat them easily. However, the fact is that you will only win around 55-60% if your games because of the absurd variation in skill; if you won only 55-60% of your games in ranked, and you don't play hundreds of games, your rating would take FOREVER to increase.   On the other hand, if your skill level is 200 points higher than your ELO in a high-level game, then your ELO will quickly increase to that level because 200 points is a lot higher than the variation in skill for everybody else.   NB: I don't consider myself to be good and I don't consider myself to be in ELO hell for normals (is there even such a thing? Plus I never play when I'm not playing with 4 other friends) because I have done premades with good (~1800 ranked) people, and gotten demolished with my best champion. Therefore, I know that I am bad at this game and I hope to improve. However, I just want to point out that ELO hell makes sense from a mathematical standpoint.
1	The stupidest part is he berates the OP then his
1	Colbycheeze is popular because he makes guides, is skilled, knowledgeable, and insightful with league. By looking at your account anyone can see you're not. What can you tell me that I didn't already know. You're not experienced enough to do that. You don't even have any runes. Go get plat in solo queue(no duo) then what you have to say would mean something. Until then you'll never get very popular. You'll get views(sycophants) because you're a girl but that's about it.   Your video makes me feel like you regurgitated the patch preview all over my brain. Awkwardly rushed and strangely mind numbing.... it was almost tolerable when muted.
1	W is amazing for harass and should be maxed first, an auto attack reset on an ad carry is a completely broken mechanic and should be abused whilst you still can. Currently 10 - 2 w/l in ranked since her buff. Couple of dorans, appropiate boots then rush a triforce. I start phage because if it procs its impossible to escape you thanks to the amazing new passive. Q is still a scary ability but i feel maxing W for the low cd helps your lane and gets me more kills and its pushing ability with a triforce knocks towers down in no time, sure you can't split push as well but you absolutely destroy towers better than she ever could thanks to triforce proc'd Ws. After triforce i pick up a BT then a last whisper if needed, but i have just been building tanky after getting those two, frozen heart and banshees for more mana and some cdr. Synergises so well with pirate and a shureliyas, ult and every moves at rocket speed and you initiate on your own terms. The games i lost in ranked i still have a positive k/d, been running her with sona and taric. Runes i use are flat ad reds and quints, mana regen per lvl blues and yellows. I start with cloth into wriggles if i am scared of my lane.
0	Music degree holder, here. I teach guitar, bass, and voice, privately. I also power game church choirs. I also perform in two groups that gig regularly. There is always a way to make money with your passion. You just have to be crafty and resourceful. Sure, you can get an additional job and work during the day and gig/teach at night (been there, done that), but it is possible to succeed with an artistic based degree.
1	It was an extremely hard nerf. In terms of a DPS nerf, there hasn't been one this bad since Tristana. Almost all of his lategame damage comes from W lategame. I mean his lategame was already bad, considering he basically becomes a very short range ADC with no hard escape. But this nerf made it even worse.   It was so unnecessary too. He was never pick or ban during competitive play. He turned into more of a couterpick to Rumble and a pocket pick for those who are  very  good with him (Pawn, Dade, Narakyle). Litereally  all  they should have done was remove W's ability to crit.
1	Great summary. You definitely need a balance between playing and learning (by watching streams) to improve. I got into the game by playing. But after a year or so, I hit a wall in skill level and discovered streams. I watched a ton of them, but enjoyed streams more than playing, and I didn't feel like playing with bad teammates after seeing how it is supposed to be played when nobody does the right thing in games (being at lower ELO than pros of course). So I found myself to be getting really good at #5 and #2, but didn't play enough in between watching streams to apply the knowledge. Over time, though, I have put more of what I learned into practice, but I still need to play more, without stopping the streams. It is very demanding timewise to do both parts and really get good at this game.   The hardest part is that even after learning what you should do after watching streams, your teammates can make it almost impossible to put into effect. For instance, you may learn that a ranged AD carry is supposed to hit a safe target at the start of fights and is intended to wear down the enemy tank and finish off low hp targets. Before learning that, I had the impression that focus fire was so important that I had to hit the same target that the rest of my team was hitting, right off the bat (which of course gets an exposed AD carry killed fast). This is because when I was lower ELO, people at my low ELO emphasized "Just go for their squishies! Focus that shit!" Anyway, the problem is that after watching the stream and learning this, you play a game where your whole team picks AP carries or they all pick bruisers, and you have one pick to fill the role of AD carry, support, etc. (everything else). Not only do they screw you over there, right off the start, but in the game, your tanks don't peel targets away from you like you learned they should and your other carry does no damage, and so you can't do what you learned because it's a whole different game than high ELO. You might not even get to late game because your team feeds, and you can't leave bottom lane as AD carry very easily during the laning phase.   Also, for champions, I would say in addition to having a couple champs really mastered from each role, you should try to specialize more in just one role (know many champs of that role), so that you can play other roles when needed, but that when you have your choice you can really play the best champion for that game (great counterpicks, team synergy, etc.). Whether you prefer jungling or AP mid or you are good at dominating top, make sure you have lots of diversity and flexibility in your options. There are way fewer champions to learn for support, and that's a good role to master when your ELO rises, but at lower ELO just work on being able to carry hard and dictate the game.
0	Not completely.  If the US wasn't known for doing this relatively recently, the president would not have bothered to respond-- and the world would be pointing out how ridiculous the thought was.  But the US has tortured, so assurances are necessary.
0	For a start, a lot of those smaller kits aren't necessarily a lot quieter (in the case of jungle kits, jazz kits or the Yahama Hip Gigs) or they sound terrible (Traps, Flats, etc.). Also, it could be the case that it's the venue's kit and the band are stuck with it for a plethora of reasons.  Secondly, it is not the fault of the band if the venue asks them to play, or a promoter puts together the gig, or the sound guy likes loud music, or the music isn't appropriate for the venue.  Thirdly, asking the drummer to play quieter is sometimes not realistic and not an indication of skill. That's typically a last resort and there's a reason why: it can totally ruin a performance. If a drummer can't relax into his job, it can stiffen the music and effect the dynamics and performance of the whole band. Don't blame the drummer. Lastly, if you're any sort of regular gig goer, you should invest in ear plugs, regardless of the volume of the gigs you typically attend. They will save your ears for a tiny fee.
1	You're right, but that's because the video games become dated. The graphics become dull and the gameplay becomes slow. If a game was really a successful hit, however, it would either keep getting updated or get progressive sequels. Starcraft and World of Warcraft ( like /u/FatalFirecrotch mentioned), are great examples of this. I think League of Legends is similar to World of Warcraft, but the major reason that WoW began losing users was because of the monthly fees and increased competition from other mmo's like Guild Wars 2. Sure, League of legends has Dota to share in the moba market, but the lack of a fee is a pretty significant factor.
0	The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons." - Dostoevsky
0	i know too many girls who would get soaked if i said "wreck it"
1	Sona and Lulu are your best bets at low ELOs for supports in my opinion. They harass very well, and they let you save people who position poorly. Vi is an awesome jungler who fits into a lot of team comps.   I think you are doing the anchor technique wrong. Its not necessarily picking the best player. Its getting the champion that will snowball the game hardest fed, even if that is you. Often all that is needed is a single kill, and then you focus on every other lane. Vi, because of how her W works and how well she scales with levels, can build mostly tank and still be a threat.   This is from my personal experience in Silver and Gold in S2, but your own team often does not understand how to allow you to split push effectively. They will not push when people go to kill you. I'd recommend picking up Renekton or Jax or a top lane that team fights very well. Yorick cannot really carry on his own.
0	I agree! People would be  shocked  if they knew how much energy was expended to get their naturally grown quinoa (not just picking on quinoa, but it's a great example for this) from Bolivia to their local Whole Foods. Miles and miles of delivery trucks, thousands of gallons of jet fuel or diesel for barges, followed again by miles and miles of delivery trucks...In balance, it would likely be ecologically better to eat a chicken raised nearby that only has to travel a few miles to reach your table. And this is not only true for food, but true for  everything you buy . Everything has a footprint! Everything comes from somewhere, and has hidden costs to get to your store.
0	This. I'm 25, graduated in May 2009 almost exactly 3 years ago. -First job was hell on earth, in my field working as a contract employee through a second party but only very loosely related to my expertise.  -Second job was a small promotion through the same contractor and was still bad but paid more and had some more responsibility.  -Third job was a serious promotion and carried a lot of responsibility, managing and tracking all of the materials for a large Telco project spanning a ton of territory (4-5 cities), but still working as a contractor for the same major telco.   This was all within a span of about two years, done by excelling at each new task even though a lot of it felt useless or mundane at the time. Truth be told, people DO take notice of things like that. One day at my desk, two guys I'd never seen before came up to me and asked if I could take a few minutes to speak with them upstairs. Turns out they were giving me a job, within the Telco itself, no more contract work, full benefits, big salary, precisely what I pictured myself doing for a career when I graduated from engineering two years before. They had asked around and already had all the info about me they needed from other inside people who had worked with me on the project I was contracted on.   I distinctly remember the phrase "It's up to you of course, but we highly recommend you take this position" being uttered before we were 5 minutes into the informal chat that passed for an interview.   Point being, I've now been in a job I love for almost a year, that has amazing prospects for advancement (these days, if you get into a company young, chances you're in perfect position to be at the top in 10-15 years because there's an entire generation that's about to retire), security, and compensation. And I didn't get there by turning down opportunities, no matter how lame they seemed at the time.   Disclaimer: Please make sure you're in the right industry for this. Obviously this does not apply to working at McDonalds part time with your business degree. Chances are head office is not going to come looking for you due to your skills with the register. But in engineering or business or sciences or even some of the arts, being someone's bitch for a while and earning next to nothing is your  foot in the door . I can't stress enough how important that is. And once it's in there, take any opportunity to make yourself visible, by attending meetings, voicing opinions when the chance is there, whatever.
1	Because Singed has a ramp up time, like Anivia, Ryze, Swain, but he is melee and cant cs well on 2v1 lanes. In fact, Singed loves 1v1 matchups where he can threaten the flip under tower and proxy farm all day.   Not only that but he no longer has tenacity, you are forced to build Merc Treads even if you are against Riven, Tryndamere or against a comp with lots of AD. The tenacity removal was the hugest nerf in Singeds story, which is why many mains dropped him.
0	As someone that has google fiber I gotta say it is amazing. THOUGH it is split in my apartment I believe and all my speed test give me 100 mb/s instead of the 1 gb/s I use to have (we got it first a month before everyone). It is still fast and with the tablet and tv it is nice. I can watch a live (air) station on my tablet and change the channel with it. It is fun to do when someone is watching something just putting it on some random channel. They also give you 1 TB of space on Google Drive. Overall for 130 (with dvr and internet) I say it is worth it. Add that free for life (or at least 7 years) I would say they are the most reasonable plan I have seen in a while. I just hope the speed issue is only my apartment and not an overall issue.
0	Since it's on the same topic, I didn't want to break this chain so I'm commenting to you. But, Jalbert425, I urge you research (not just define) the term Minimum Wage. It is set for the purpose of, "This is the minimum amount of money you have to pay someone for working for you, based of today's current cost of living." That's why that rate of pay changes on the geography of one country. One state or province (Yay Canada) might have a different cost of living than another so the wages residing these small areas change.
1	Sigh, this happened recently. I was in a game where every lane got stomped except my own (i was Vayne) and i went 10-2 super fed. I tried so hard to carry, but my team just kept getting caught. We ended up losing, and not even kidding all 4 of my team said in all chat "lawl garbage vayne cant carry, report" I thought they were joking, but they all began talking shit to me. yeah all 4 of them, because i couldnt carry.
1	Okay I'm going to ignore the fact that you just compared the combined utility of 2 spells to the utility of a single spell and the fact that you blatantly ignored the other spell hits up to the entire team and just break down thresh's kit for you and why those spells as well as other factors make him weaker for solo queue than other supports. Before I get into this I want to point out that thresh is both my 2nd most played champ in ranked and the fact that I have a winning record with him so my opinions on him are neither uninformed nor do they stem from me not being able to win games with him.   Death sentence:   For starters hitting someone with death sentence isn't nearly as impactful as hitting them as many people think, at least not when compared to other spells supports have such and Dark binding, rocket grab, or Annie stun. Another problem with this spell is that to follow it up with flay you have to recast it which will often put yourself at risk. While often putting yourself at risk like this can pay off big you always run the risk of people not following up on it as quickly as they need to or even at all due to lack of communication and/or coordination which is symptomatic of solo queue. Expounding upon that point even if you don't recast your Q it causes your ADC to have to do a lot more decision making than many other spells that have more obvious goals. Did thresh just land hook to make  _  lose cs? Does he want me to all in? Should I just use this opportunity to get free farm? Should I go for a short trade? Often the answer to these questions is far more ambiguous than with other support spells and it can definitely make a far smaller impact on the lane/game when the wrong choice is made than say Dark binding which will always do more damage and can junk the opponent even if your adc does nothing. Another spell I think draws the most obvious comparison is rocket grab, which both does more damage, puts you at less risk and the enemy at more, and is less ambiguous as to it's goal, it's a hard initiation and will pretty much always be recognized as such unlike thresh q which is more multipurposed.   Dark Passage:   This spell is the single biggest thing that makes him amazing competitively but somewhat lack luster for solo queue. Apart from it's small shield which now can only be given to a single ally it's entire utility is based on the decision making of your ally which is never going to be consistent and when discussing a champs strength in solo queue, consistency is key. When used properly by your allies dark passage is IMO the single most OP thing in thresh's kit, far more than his Q dark passage is what makes thresh an amazing champ. It's a free long range gap closer and escape on a fairly low cool down that any of your allies can use and it's what makes him god tier in competitive play. However often your allies will take lanterns meant for someone else or just ignore them entirely or simply take them too early if you're planning on using it in conjunction with death sentence.   Flay:  Honestly this spell actually doesn't have much down side for solo queue it's decent cc and adds damage to your autos which is never a bad thing. It works best for disengage so pretty much the only small con I can say about it is that for purely disengage purposes it's mild compared to something like nami bubble, black shield, or even blitz knock up. That being said this is thresh's least ally reliant spell.   The Box:  Really good for peeling or engaging only problem with this one is you generally have to put yourself in danger to get a really good one on the enemy team and you run the risk of your team mates not seizing that opportunity.   On top of this thresh's base stats are pretty low, he's not naturally tanky and does very minimal damage even by support standards so unless you're collecting an absolutely insane amount of souls he's really item dependent to become tanky.   If you're wondering why the only champs I compared him to are blitz nami and morg it's both for brevity purposes as this is already fairly lengthy and because those are the other 3 supports I have the most experience with.
0	A swedish couple had rough sex with a signed consent contract, but he still got jail because her parents pushed for the arrest. The girl was 17yrs old while he was +25yrs.
0	Maybe I am different but I find Facebook a ridiculous waste.  I use fitocracy and post that to my facebook status to annoy the shit out of everyone who looks at my posts.
1	The last three AD carries were Caitlyn, Vayne, and Graves.  Caitlyn was considered underpowered due to how poorly she scaled into late game at release and after several buffs she still scales into late game badly but makes up for it by being a god early game.  Her late game isn't terrible by any means but practically every AD carry is stronger than her late game.   Vayne and Graves were both considered wildly OP on release and have both gotten nerfs on a few occasions.  Sivir's remake took her from what many considered a terrible AD carry that was pretty much only run by CLG in a solo lane as a split pusher to what many now consider one of the strongest AD carries in the game.   AD carry is a lot harder to balance than AP carries are because their kits are just so finicky.  If you give them a kit with no steroids like Caitlyn you have someone who's going to fall off hard but if you give them a kit with a lot of beneficial spells like Graves you're going to create a champion that's just way too powerful.   Hell, the AD carry that was released before Caitlyn was Miss Fortune who was also wildly OP at release and had to be toned down.
0	My boyfriend often uses emoticons when he posts messages, especially the kitty face. Not just with me either, he does it with everyone who isn't a work colleague. I find it appealing because it means he's not afraid of not looking manly. Respect right there.
0	I was at a bar a couple weeks ago and bought several pitchers for my group on my card.  When it was time to leave, I went to the bar (who held my card) and the bartender was running around etc.  I went to the bar and the guy was, admittedly, running around and seemed a bit frazzled.  I waited at the end of the bar until he came by (by the register) at which point I called over   "Hey bud, can I cash out when you get a second".   He turned around fast and sudden, square to me and snapped "Wait your godamn turn, alright?!"   I was pretty stunned.  He then was like,   "Whats your name?"   I told him and he ran my card for me, and gave me the paid tab (before I even looked at it, mind you).   I was so pissed off not only did I specifically tip him 0.00 on the bill, I wrote a nice little "Fuck you, asshole" right next to it.
1	She gets an insane power spike at level 6, and can duel pretty well pre-6 as well. If you want to shut her down, freeze lane in front og your tower, and pray to your jungle overlord to come and kill her.   But in all seriousness that will deny her farm, and keep her open to ganks. If there are things happening in river she will be able to react first, so try to keep things either warded, or make sure your Jungler isn't walking up river, and instead is walking through their own jungle, as it is a safer route.
1	Tier lists are inherently flawed, because they are based on the assumption that the environment is static. That is not the case. A "bottom tier" AP carry is sometimes the #1 AP carry in certain situations. The most highly rated champion, on the other hand, can sometimes be considered the worst pick in the game with certain comps.   Tier lists do not allow for this type of flexible thinking. Therefore, tier lists are inherently inaccurate and over-generalized. In a team-based game where the inclusion (or exclusion) of certain champions  DIRECTLY  impacts the effectiveness of other champions, a "tier list" in its current format is just plain inaccurate; this is not the correct way to view champions.
0	Bf invites to bar â€¢Gets drunk â€¢Starts starring at chicks  â€¢Chicks start feeling him up â€¢Tell him I'm uncomfortable in the situation â€¢Since one of the waitress' is all up on him too he tells me in order to satisfy me in "not getting too close" he can't order me anymore drinks -_- yet he can for himself â€¢Group of girls all up on him..  â€¢Try to introduce myself as the Gf â€¢Punches the table â€¢Drags me outside and tells me that he is about to punch me in the face if I don't leave  â€¢Kicks me out of bar and home (And then he asks why I don't want to go to the bar everyday)
0	Stop trying to pretend that this is about workplace etiquette.  You're not fooling anyone, and it's embarrassingly disingenuous.   You aren't the guy's employer.  None of your business.  Considering that he works there and you don't, I'm guessing he's more familiar with acceptable dress at his workplace than you, but I'm also guessing that this will fly right over your head since this isn't about a guy dressing inappropriately at his job (again, something that you have literally zero involvement in).  It IS about a bunch of shitty little Internet bullies that think because they are offended by something they are automatically owed some sort of emotional compensation for being forced to live on a planet full of other people that don't think exactly like you.
1	It depends on the situation.. It's hard to say if its benifical or not. In some cases, yes.. in some, no.   If the enemy laner is dead and you have a chance to deny him experience/gold and reset the wave. That's 100% benifical.. But you have to factor in how long he is dead.. does have have TP? Generally as a jungler when you gank a lane you should help him push the wave not necessarily try and take all the CS. obviously there are some rare cases such as push the lane and go dragon or make sure all the waves are pushed for baron.
0	I'm a guy, When I was in college I had some 8AM class with all girls.  I was already friends with a few of them too.  It was too early for me to wake up, and I dropped out.
1	Lots of things to account for here.     Is it an absolute failure across the board? If they have a fed as fuck riven, fed leblanc, fed vayne with janna and your team has 0 kill potential, you're better off farming (aka, helping your own lane).     Mid-game power spikes. If your team is somewhat mid-game oriented and just butchered the early game, you're going to want to help the champion that power spikes the hardest (i.e., Rumbles, Renekton, MF, etc.)     Late-Game power spikes. If your team is a support heavy / late-game oriented you're going to want to help the late-game player (in most cases the ADC). Albeit, bottom lanes are really hard to gank when they're behind but you just have to coordinate better. Helping your late game carry get ahead will give you the chance to come back even after all your other lanes are behind because everyone just has to be a meat shield for them.     Playing defensively. Sometimes, you just can't gank any lanes because you'll die to all of them. There's no point forcing anything regardless if your laners are telling you to or not. TRUST YOUR OWN INTUITION. In this case, buy tons of wards, keep tabs on the enemy jungler, keep ping spamming, and show up in lanes often to dissuade the enemy from going aggro in lanes (don't commit though). This is often done by jungle pathing where you path towards lanes between camps instead of just going from camp to camp while farming from behind. Basically, if you can't gank lanes, at least gain vision control so your lanes don't get dived or ganked.     Understand the win conditions. Gank the lane that will matter in team fights. For example, I had a game where I had a yorick top who was building tanky keep asking for help in his lane when I was prioritizing the bottom lane Draven when all 3 lanes were dieing. It's important to realize that certain champions will do their jobs regardless of money (in this case, Yorick's job is to ult Graves and be a meat shield). If you have a midlane assassin, they need to be a little ahead to do anything so you're going to want to give them AT LEAST a flash on their opponent so they can get rolling.
1	When you have a team of 5 you can't just throw the 5 best players together and call it the best team. It's much like basketball, the teams play-style revolves around a star player and they play to that players strengths. Typically, the European scene revolves around the mid player and their synergy with the jungler, see Alex Ich, Ocelote, Xpeke, there's a reason they are the front men of the teams. It's also why people say EU botlanes are bad, but obviously they aren't bad, they just aren't the foundations of the teams.   Imagine a team fight, Alex Ich is diving in, Diamond is diving in, Darien is diving in, which leaves genja to do the most damage he possibly can given the situation. They are playing to Alex's strengths, he is the star player and thus the team play-style is dictated by it.   Now imagine CLG in a team fight. Doublelift obviously being the star player, his team is doing everything they can to let him carry. They peel as much as possible. It's just differences in team play-styles, that's all.
1	Not really.  A Carry is basically a champion who gets a larger advantage from Offensive Items than other champions that are not carries would.  Carries need to keep a strong late game prowess though.  Melee champions who are like this, in my view, include these: Gangplank, Irelia, Jax, Jayce, Kayle, Kha'Zix, Master Yi, Rengar, Riven, Sion, Tryndamere, Vi, Wukong, Xin Zhao, and Zed.  All of these champions scale EXCEPTIONALLY well into the late game and work great with items.   Gangplank - has a range auto attack reset that can crit, a QSS Heal, and a steroid.   Irelia - scales with attack speed and is capable of a full offensive build of BotRK, Tri Force, Zephyr, Zerks, Wit's End (I build her full offensive, only defense are warden's mail and wit's end, I have 67% w/l with her our of 25 games in Gold I), Irelia HARDLY falls off in the late game as people state imo.   Jax - imo is a perfect example of a full melee carry.  He scales the best of the whole list and has a large item pool to choose from.  He's also capable of a full offensive build of just Life Steal, Spell Vamp, AP and AD because of his dodge and his ultimate's active.  He dominates with gold and is one of the strongest late game champions.   Jayce - Half Melee, Half Range.  Tends to build mostly damage with 1 or 2 defensive esque items.  Scales great into the late game and is able to perform in both melee and range forms in team fights.   Kayle - Multitude of builds and very versatile but scales really well with gold.  Not as great as before her nerfs or even before her rework.  She's more range though, especially when built AP.   Kha'Zix - CRAZY ass ratios and has jump resets.  Doesnt fall off and builds full offensive.   Master Yi - Accepted by everyone as a melee carry.  Capable of crazy amounts of damage and is immune to slows.  Doesn't fall off.   Rengar - Able to build tanky or damage.  Loses damage if building tanky, loses tankiness if building damage.  Has a MASSIVE steroid and you can proc 3 times in rapid succession.  his Q has strong scaling.  Doesn't fall off, just a weaker champion atm.   Riven - Just because she's a caster doesnt mean she's not a melee carry.  She still buys all offensive items, bloodthirsters EVERYWHERE and doesn't fall off late game, actually capable of completely carrying her team.  She has TONS of AoE and single target damage, each Q is basically an auto attack until you pass around 350 AD but until you have about 500 AD, all that damage that doesn't make up a full auto attack from each Q gets put into your next auto attacks.   Sion - WAY too easy to kite, super duper slow.  Able to work if you get a phantom dancer, furor boots, and a mallet, but thats a ton of gold.   Tryndamere - Another well accepted melee carry, scales off crit items and life steal items.   Vi - Before Vi became popular, people always built Cleaver and attack damage or attack speed on her until she popped up in the LCS with tanky builds.  Scales well into late game because she has tons of mobility, a shield, 2 auto attack resets at the least per fight and attack speed scaling/steroid.   Wukong - Can benefit from building full damage, he's just a weak champion right now.  Has tons of damage and an escape.  He's just underwhelming without gold atm but not that bad as a champion, same spot as rengar imo.   Xin Zhao - Scales crazily off of attack speed, huge heals off of every 3rd hit.  He has armor reduction and an auto attack reset and great OFFENSIVE mobility.  Building tank drops his damage dramatically, I feel he doesn't do damage as a tank unless he builds sunfire.  I tend to build Statikk Shiv every time I play him as a jungler with a Sunfire just because I feel like my damage drops if you don't build some sort of damage.  He also scales really well with attack damage.   Zed - Does CRAZY amounts of damage.  His damage scaling is amazing.  He's able to 100-0 ANY champion that has the same gold advantage as him as long as he has a BT, Brut, and LW.  He can also build items like BotRK to further assist him in dealing damage and Wickd even likes building zerks on him.   'Carry' is a very VAGUE term, but I feel it should be generalized as champions who can benefit better than other most other champions when buying OFFENSIVE items.  All of these champions can build full offensive, by the time they would have their 3rd or 4th offensive item, each of these champions are scary and can wreck your team.   Some melee carries DO double as BRUISERS like Xin, Vi, and Irelia because they are capable of still doing mediocre amounts of damage when building tanky, but they are also capable (especially Irelia) of dealing great amounts of damage when building full offensive.  However, other champions who are Bruisers like Renekton, Darius, Garen, Lee Sin cannot double as carries.  Why?  If Renekton were to build full offensive, he doesn't have a steroid from casting spells like Riven does which makes his auto attacks not as strong during a fight, his CDs are also long when you realize he doesn't have auto attacks, Renekton has upfront burst, then every 5 seconds he gets a little cleave.  Darius can't double as a carry, he has to build tank, he doesn't benefit from full offensive builds.  Garen has the same issue as Darius, he can't build full offensive and also, his damage goes to shit once his spin is down and his cooldowns are LOOOOOOOOONG.  Lee Sin's damage is too unreliable.  He has the attack speed after each spell which is good, but he doesn't have any high damage dealing spells in a team fight except for his ultimate.  His Q may or may not hit and it has a long cool down.  His E does no damage at all and is magic damage so penetration doesn't help.  While Lee Sin can build full offensive, he HAS to land that Q on a squishier target or he won't get a kill, he's not reliable enough to be a carry.  After missing his Q, Lee Sin is as useless as ANY melee champion with the same build as himself but with a recurve bow attached on to compensate for his passive.   Casters, as long as they have low enough cd's, are carries as well.  Zed has a 1.8 sec CD sweep at max CDR, with a brut and ionian boots you already have 30% and 4% more from masteries, thats a ton of damage to be dealt.  Riven has short enough CD's between her spells that she can constantly keep her passive up on each auto attack, Kha'Zix is able to fight team fights really well and neither of these 3 fall off late game as well, their jobs don't get harder to do as the game drags on and they always deal good damage.
1	Winning a Cup" and "Getting Fired" are two very different things. And yes, single elimination tournament is by no means perfect.   World cup also pays for every single win. So the other teams get at least some sort of condolence prize, not punishment. Also, it's also way less random.   In a soccer game, there are 11 players in each team in a way bigger play ground. You can take over a minute while in the game, depending on your position, to just get yourself together. And even if you make a mistake, there's 10 more players on a team to close the slightest gap.   Oh, and if you can't really get yourself together, there's always the coach, to decide you don't perform as you should and substitudes you.   And more importantly, both teams kind of have similiarly strong database of other team's play. Which is a big game changer in the case of LCS.   However, due to the random nature of LoL, We all know that even the switching the placement of picks can cost games in pro level. So it's actually quite random. A LOT more random than a soccer game. You can say RM will beat a team who places last easily 90% of the time. You can't say Gambit will beat Giants 90% of the time.   So, What I'm saying is, Riot can't really use a tournament system that's like soccer. LCS needs some sort of a system to reduce "luck". The League system at first seemed good due to the reason that it's a new game everyweek, you can have practice with subs to use them in games etc. But then, I learned about the play-offs sending 2 more teams to the relegation matches. Which is quite random and dumb.   The relegation system itself, is also quite random and dumb.   PS: All being said, I've seen single elimination causing problems even in soccer quite a lot. Hell, I can't remember the count of random games lost by refs missing offsides, penalties... Do you eremember the "Hand of God"? That won a whole 1st place to Argentina, although the other goal was to this day best thing ever, that's some undeserved win right there.
1	ok, you want an explanation. here is a wall of text. a huge wall of text with some maths and horrible formatting. i hope you're ready.   with infinity as your only crit-chance item you would have 25% crit, thus 18.75% cdr on the passive, which makes it a 16.25 sec cd.   using a low crit, high sustain build (e.g. IE -> botrk -> LW -> BT), using no runes or masterys, at lvl 18, ashe has 1.39 atkspd. meaning, she will get out 2.79 atacks in a 2 second time window. this means that every third attack will crit. so to get out all 4 stacks she needs 7.19 seconds. in between there are also 6 autohits that might crit or not.   with the given build, ashe has 332.6 AD (again without runes/masterys). on a 153.84 armor target (i use this cause its easier to calculate. after armor pen, there is 100 true armor left, which is a dmg reduction of 50%), she deals 3034.3 dmg. This does ignore the passive and active of botrk.   now i'll compare this with a ashe now. the first aa will be a standard crit, rest is aa's with critchance included. no runes or masterys, 153.84 armor target, 7.19 seconds of time.   build is : IE, BT, LW, statikk   with statikk giving the same atkspd as botrk, she will get out 10 aa's as well. the first one being a crit and activating statikk, the last one activating statikk. i will assume that the dmg of statikk will also be reduced by 50% through MR.   AD value is 307.6. 2 statikk procs (of which one is crit and one is 45% a crit) deal a total of 208.75 dmg, the first crit deals 384.5, all together it deals 2910.78 dmg   so there is a gap in dmg (towards the new ashe) without even thinking about the botrk passive and active. ashe is the queen of kiting, and with botrk getting close to her is living hell. so, she'll stay in a more safe spot, while dealing more dmg.   side note, i did not really calculate the botrk dmg, but just from a quick thought, while attacking a 3k hp target, theres additional dmg of around 350-400, which gets added to the first number, but not the second.   edit:
0	Friend arrives: What the hell are you watching?   Me: Power Puff Girls.   Friend: *Judgey stare   Me: Fuck you and your little dog too.
1	It really depends.  Sometimes you should camp a lane, sometimes you should just stand in a lane and push with your laner, and other times you should be everywhere on the map.  It really depends on the lane match up and the jungler you picked.   I don't want to type too much but I'll give two examples to show how you need to adapt to your character and the game.     Say you are olaf jungle.  Your other lanes are getting destroyed.  Not so much that they instadie to the other laner, but so much that they cant leave tower.  Now sometimes it might be helpful to gank for them.  But in this particular situation the lanes were so far gone that me trying to help them was pointless.  What I did was went top lane with our nidalee who was doing alright and I basically laned with her.  We just kept shoving down top and they couldnt stop us without sending 3+ people.  We destroyed them in a 2v2 top/jungler vs top/jungler since our combo was so strong.  This forced their mid to leave and basically let ours kill tower and roam.  We caught up in gold and won the game even though the enemy bot lane was up 4-5 kills and tower diving ours.     The next example is a nunu game.  Basically your goal is to make their jungler non-existant.  If he ganks you counter gank.  If he does something you screw him over hard for it.  You make it so he cant move.  If somehow via the enemy team out playing your laners or you letting their jungler gank end up with you and your team being behind, you won't be able to pull the same cheeky push top and win strategy that olaf/nid used to win in the earlier game.  So in this situation how you tackle the game is totally different.  You need to look for opportunities to give your team an advantage.  Sneaking early dragons or stealing blue from the enemy are all things you can do to try and come back.  However the biggest thing you can do to change the game is buy lots of wards for everyone and counter gank their jungler.  This will take a lot of effort on your part to explain to your team.  But basically if you are still close enough in the game to win a 2v2 when they overextend for a kill then this will work and is your best bet to win in a situation like this.  Ward up and have your laner bait a gank.  Then show up to counter gank and generally you will get a double kill or a spree and sometimes a dragon out of it.       Each of these situations is totally different because of the champions that are being used in the jungle and in other lanes.  It's not something you can just say do x or do y, but in a detailed description of something/replay you can usually work out the correct answer to winning or to camping.
1	Yo, so if you had one more spell, wouldnt you just burn it with your combo. Why would you wait to procc lichbane one more times? Why would you give opportunity the target to get away if you can assassinate it with E active? This is in lower elo. In competitive sence, they would surely get out, as the stun lasts 1.75 and you will have to wait AT LEAST 2 sec to reprocc lichbane, then the animation has to go off, and the projective has to hit the target, so its like 2.5 s to do. So the target (adc) can barry, botrk, or he will be helped on by the team, and im sure, if you dive in the backline as a tf, you wont live 2.5s. And what if the enemy adc has qss? He can just lifesteal more than the dmg the lichbane would deal. Oh, and kill you.
0	If you're going to get picky, then get picky.  Depending on how you measure pregnancy duration and what source you cite, average human gestation time is about [275-283 days]( with weak evidence that [first-time mothers tend to fall on the longer end of that range](   Here's the big trouble, though: "month" is not a consistent unit of measure, since months can be anywhere from 28-31 days long.  An  average  month is 30.44 days long, making an average pregnancy somewhere between 9.03 and 9.30 "months" long.  So "10 months" is really anywhere from 1.075-1.107 pregnancies long.  Or, instead of taking  average  months, you could look at real possible months, which would expand this range.
1	As a jungler, I find top laners to be the most annoying. I mean seriously, top lane is prob the easiest to ward, and they shouldn't overextend. Then when the enemy jungler proceeds to kill them they flame me. Every game I feel I should prioritize ganks to bot and mid for dragon control, but it gets hard to do that if top gets destroyed.
0	For as long as I can remember my mom has had a feud with our neighbor.  To this day we are not sure who started it.  My mom swears she saw him tossing his golden retrievers shit over the fence into our yard.   He claims it was her (Which is weird cause I was the one on Poo duty). This went on for a few years.   It all culminated one day,  she was working in her garden next to the fence and next thing she knows poo just starts raining over her.  She freaks out and starts yelling at him and throwing a pile of compost back.  They start fighting and he gets his hose and starts spraying her.  Finally they both come to their sense and realize they are having poop fight and go inside.  To this day they have never spoken about it.  I won in the end tho.  Took his youngest daughter's virginity on his water bed.
1	Let's analyze something.   Here's your statement that I replied to: "Trinkets allow for morons to avoid buying wards because they get a free one, I'd love to see trinkets gone"   First I'll note that the word "excuse" is not in your statement. Now if you break down the actually statement you made, whether or not that was your intention, your statement implies that a trinket prevents a person from having to buy wards, in which you go on to say you hope trinkets are removed. Which would than imply that you want trinkets removed because you feel it would promote people buying wards instead of relying on this free little item they can get at the start.   Now if that isn't right, what do you gain from a teammate not having any type of vision? If you argue with what I feel was implied by your statement, that would mean you would prefer a teammate have no vision at all and suffer for it.
0	Sorry! Text = bad with inflection. I figured the Lebowski quote would mitigate that. I don't really think you're an asshole, just thing you're taking partially correct data and drawing an incorrect conclusion.   Yes, I'm almost certain we're having a little culture misunderstanding together - I'm discussing American subcultures, specifically the black urban culture. I'm not sure how it would relate to your country, or if it even would (America has kind of a weird, unique history in race relations).   Nobody's saying you can't tell your kids not to be fat - they're your kids! I think where you're getting downvotes from is twofold:   One, you're supporting a position that your erstwhile reddit allies are making look bad. You might have legit reasoning here, but the majority of the posters stop their line of thought at "NO FAT CHICKS!"   Two: fat people (for the most part) aren't in the dark about their behavior. They know it's unhealthy. Some are lazy, yes, but some aren't. I'm not sure how being fat endangers others, as you say, but when people start talking about concern for strangers health, it can come off as disingenuous. Many times, it appears that the person voicing this concern is being secretly selfish, so that they don't have to look at fat people.
0	I actually had a problem for about two months of when security sensors were  going off every time I left any store that had them.  It turns out that a wallet I purchased at Target still had the RFID tag inside one of the card slots and I couldn't see it.  Two weeks in I just stopped giving a fuck and kept walking, never to be challenged.   I've since removed it and it is no longer a constant problem but I no longer stop when I do hear the alarm anymore because it will be a false positive and nobody challenges you anyway.
1	I have been maining Soraka for about a year now, so I have been playing her well before sustain became the new thing to do. Soraka was my first love and all that good stuff. Having said that, I am willing to admit that the amount of sustain she could provide can be a little overwhelming and perhaps could use some tweaking. However, increasing the cooldown to 20 seconds and halving the AP ratio seems a lot much.   Even now, with a little burst damage and a well-timed ignite a Soraka becomes quite useless. I think many people forget how easily she can be shut down.   Increasing the range on Starcall a little and bumping the AP ratio on it a bit is nice, but not nearly enough to compensate for the amount of heal taken away. If Soraka is in range for a Starcall, she is already dead. The range would have to be so ridiculous for Starcall to be a useful spell that to make it that would just be OP.  And bumping the AP ratio on it doesn't really help anything because there will be no reason to build Soraka with any AP at all now due to the ratio nerf on her heals.   Honestly, I'd rather Riot just unactivate Soraka until she can get a completely new re-work rather than go through with these changes. >.<
0	Edit: This was referring to /u/keystothemoon 's comment, which I mistook for OP's post for no reason other than /u/keystothemoon 's comment was near the top of the page... Feelin'  super  sharp today.   I'm sorry this happened to you, it's an incredible violation for you. I find it fucking appalling.   Perhaps she really wanted to hurt you w/ this vile weapon (false accusations, her friends' trust) she found herself in possession of, perhaps she was a gross, hateful person & did it on purpose. Perhaps she was an entitled, immature person & couldn't at all appreciate what this would do to you. Perhaps she didn't even care what it would do to you b/c all she cared about was relieving her shame/negative emotions, so she relieved herself of any agency in an act that made her feel bad by fabricating your guilt & her innocence.   My take is that feminism is a total red herring here. More culpable in driving her actions is internalized sex-negative bullshit: the delusion that casual sex is dirty, bad, or diminishes your value.   Should /u/keystothemoon read this, I'm sorry if this rubs you the wrong way. As w/ any stranger's unsolicited opinion, I trust you'll disregard it if it's bothersome to you. I apologize if it annoys you, you've already had enough grief from this.
1	we think this change will separate the great
0	The sysadmin didn't seem able to disable the thumbnails. I'm not sure if they just didn't have a selective option and it would have been a nuclear approach or if the site lacks the capability entirely.   Now, after all of the context from above, I'd like to respond to some of the common questions and concerns which folks are raising. To be extremely frank, I find some of the lines of reasoning that have generated these questions to be batshit insane. Still, in the vacuum of information which we have created, I recognize that we have given rise to much of this strife. As such I'll try to answer even the things which I find to be the most off-the-wall.   Q: You're only doing this in response to pressure from the public/press/celebrities/Conde/Advance/other!   A: The press and nature of this incident obviously made this issue extremely public, but it was not the reason why we did what we did. If you read all of the above, hopefully you can be recognize that the actions we have taken were our own, for our own internal reasons. I can't force anyone to believe this of course, you'll simply have to decide what you believe to be the truth based on the information available to you.   Q: Why aren't you banning these other subreddits which contain deplorable content?!   A: We remove what we're required to remove by law, and what violates any rules[8] which we have set forth. Beyond that, we feel it is necessary to maintain as neutral a platform as possible, and to let the communities on reddit be represented by the actions of the people who participate in them. I believe the blog post[9] speaks very well to this. We have banned /r/TheFappening[10] and related subreddits, for reasons I outlined above.   Q: You're doing this because of the IAmA app launch to please celebs! A: No, I can say absolutely and clearly that the IAmA app had zero bearing on our course of decisions regarding this event. I'm sure it is exciting and intriguing to think that there is some clandestine connection, but it's just not there.   Q: Are you planning on taking down all copyrighted material across the site?   A: We take down what we're required to by law, which may include thumbnails, in response to valid DMCA takedown requests. Beyond that we tell claimants to contact whatever host is actually serving content. This policy will not be changing.   Q: You profited on the gold given to users in these deplorable subreddits! Give it back / Give it to charity!   A: This is a tricky issue, one which we haven't figured out yet and that I'd welcome input on. Gold was purchased by our users, to give to other users. Redirecting their funds to a random charity which the original payer may not support is not something we're going to do. We also do not feel that it is right for us to decide that certain things should not receive gold. The user purchasing it decides that. We don't hold this stance because we're money hungry (the amount of money in question is small).   That's all I have. Please forgive any confusing bits above, it's very late and I've written this in urgency. I'll be around for as long as I can to answer questions in the comments.   From [Alienth's followup thread]( discussing the decisions that were made over the weekend, and the results that they had.   Basically, the
1	Get your pitchforks ready and have your downvotes primed:   I think charities are a big pile of bullshit   The reason being that any charity can take an administrative cut which is arbitrary in sum.   Yes, a charity could theoretically take 99% of all donations as an administrative cut. Wouldn't survive long as a charity then but technically it's possible.   Aside from that: Charities are often just shitty profit organizations and not just the "odd black sheep" and "little unknown/shady" ones.   I donated to Red Cross for the Tsunami relief efforts back when I was a student. Quite a hefty sum for a student too. I later heard in the news what many people forget about: Over 1 year after the Tsunami a large percentage of the money (several millions) had not reached the affected regions.  The official statement was that there were no structures locally to distribute the funds and that these had to be implemented first.   In the meantime those several millions donated to Red Cross in order to give immediate aid to these poor people were sitting in some bank accounts gathering interest.   Or what is way more likely: Bankers were taking it to the casino to bet on red or black.   I am sure the Red Cross made quite a bit of money just from holding on to the donations for over a year.   I might be off here in one way or another but I would put that up to a debate. Not all charities suck and in essence and their basic idea they are great.   But even the best known and arguably those who have done the most good on our planet are crooked. It is just human nature and how our western society and finance sector is run that dictate that the charity system will be abused in most cases.   What I prefer to do is to directly help people in my area or in my personal life. Be it a friend in need or a bum in the street. You can help your financially stressed out friend by buying him groceries or paying his car taxes for a year. That friend of yours that has a kid without having worked a day in his life, still studying and depending entirely on his family to pay for the kid? Go to the bank and make an account in the kid's name, start saving up sth for its 18th birthday.  That bum in the street? Go and take him to a decent food place, buy him his favorite dish and drink AND STAY AND TALK TO HIM while you eat together.   Those things do way more good than donating X amount of dollars to a random charity and be done with it. And you actually know that your money helps and where it goes and do not run the risk that some Red Cross asshat is giving it to banks for gambling and then pays the lease of his new sports car from the interest rates received and administrative cut paid out ...   That's why I think eSports should rather follow the NBA model when it comes to charities. The NBA has the NBA Cares charity which I would suggest as a model for how to handle this topic. Their charity doesn't build hospitals in Somalia. But they do sth for the neighborhoods of their teams, the cities they play in and are affiliated with. They send out players to cook in soup kitchens and serve food to homeless people. To build new playgrounds for children in rough neighborhoods, that kind of stuff.   MUCH more useful than donating money randomly.
0	With the Can-Spam Act of 2003 they have to have a functioning unsubscribe "mechanism" that unsubscribes you from mailing lists within 10 days.
1	Hon uses this option and it does't get abused.  If someone gets disconnected, you have the ability to leave without having the game count.     I think it would completely work in ranked as well.  No sense in putting it in normal, the games don't count there and leaving a game simply gives you a lose.
1	The Anti snowball mechanic that Riot has applied during season 3 and so on, really, have simply been amplified by the reason that they changed drake. I completely agree with you that in low Diamond there is a major problem considering these facts. People are good enough to hold on to their lead, and now with the new drakes it is no problem, because you dont actually have to take risks even if you are ahead.  I feel like all my Diamond games is either a stomp for my team, or the enemy team. I never witness any of those epic comebacks anymore because of the pure strenght of grouping in this meta and how simple it is when you are ahead..
1	Look, I get that the hate might be a little much, but LMQ is a flunky Chinese Team, who are blatantly taking advantage of the system. Couldn't make it in China? Go to NA. Their very presence is insult to our region. Yes we know Asian regions is better, but to come over here and take a spot from a mostly NA team is disgraceful.   Its like those Asian transfer students (from oversees mostly from Korea and China) at my high school who manipulated the system. They changed their grades to all A's and cheated all year long by recording answers in their translators. Normally no one would care but by abusing the system knocked out my friend as salutatorian. Its an awful abuse of power and the worst part is that its not just one or two people, its pretty much all of them(at my school). At first I thought it was an isolated occurrence only at my school, but I'm starting to see it in the culture.   Notice: I'm not saying that all of them are as manipulative, but it seems to be something very noticeable in the culture. I'm really not here to spread hatred or racism, as I'm Black and Asian myself-(BLASIAN). I think its sad that they are representing a group of people who really don't have any connection with, and barely understand our culture. When people say the best of NA, I want them to think of actually NA, even if we lose the entire tournament. I think its the mentality difference in cheering for a basketball team and a olympic team. Your free to choose a b-ball team and bandwagon jump, but come olympics, its us vs the world.   LMQ is not a NA team. THEY JUST PLAY HERE. One or two players is completely different than say A WHOLE TEAM. No one should feel ok with how they qualified for worlds, because maybe 5 years down the line NA and EU will just be the Asian B&C leagues. Its not fair that they took an "easy route" to worlds compared to their region. I mean whats stopping any flunky B-team from coming and stomping our region? Maybe its the joke called NA soloque? It most certainly is not the exposure or the money. Maybe they have the pride to actually play for their region.   Regardless, I cant fault LMQ for coming over here, but i don't have to like them or support them, much less call them an NA team just because they play here. Its really not something to get passionate about, just another one of those things where someone took advanage of the system.
0	My stepdad's name is Craig. His mother came over from Scotland as a young girl, never lost her accent, managed to pass it on to the kids (usually only comes out when they're angry or drunk or actually trying). My family is all from the US for multiple generations, so we pronounce Craig in the American way (rhymes with "Greg.") After about 12 years together and 8 years of marriage, my mom  finally  decided to start trying to pronounce his name correctly.
1	This is precisely the problem with him. I was playing in a 5 man with some newer level 30's. I was being camped top and was repeatedly dying because I was just gung-ho zerging and playing terribly - I was still outfarming their team so I decided that if I just kept 2 players busy top, keeping more farm than them, my deaths would be worthless. Come 20 minutes in and I go from x - 10 - x to 11 - 10 - x and snowball carry.
0	I had to do that for my Dad at a meeting of a cottagers assciation(sort of a landowners meeting, done yearly). Everyone knew he had trouble hearing. One particular lady who had only owned her place for a year, spouted off about part timers(people who only cottage in the summer) not chipping in for snow plowing of a joint road. I told my Dad what she had said, his reply to me was "ask her who cut the trees to make the fucking road". My Dad has been going there since the 60's. So I gave his reply for him, and the rest of the meeting went exceptionally well.
0	Even if you're being sarcastic this is beyond disrespectful to those who have gone for extended periods of time sacrificing their sanity and sometimes lives for our safety and freedom.  Yes they get shot at, but no they don't go looking for trouble to murder innocent people, I'm sure if you were put in the same situation you'd have the same issues these brave men and women face when they return home. It's comments like your's that continue to stigmatize PTSD, if you feel this is such an issue go and do something constructive about it like advocating for mandatory therapy for returning soldiers, lessening the consequences of developing such a frightful psychological disorder.
1	I have a personal trainer. It's great for feeling good. But I wouldn't dream about claiming anything like it improves my game play, rather the opposite. After a work out, I'm just tired and sleepy and my reaction time goes way down. Couple of days after my muscles are sore and slow. Sure, in general my fitness is increased, I'm getting stronger and faster with better stamina. But the only way I see that affecting game play is if I would do a marathon session where endurance becomes more important possibly, and I wouldn't recommend those marathon sessions to anyone either. I bet that if anyone anywhere claims to notice an effect, it is just placebo effect - the power of faith alone could make a difference since anything competitive is a mental game to a large degree.
0	When I was in biology in ninth grade, I sat next to my best friend, who was the biggest fag, I mean seriously. He did more gay things than any person I have ever seen, so I called him a bacteriophaggot, which then turned to phaggot. And then phage. One the teacher over heard and "didn't understand" why I thought it was ok to call someone who wasn't homosexual a fag. I said,  "no sir, he is a phage!"
0	My UBC experience was deeply rooted in several different faculties/departments that all addressed gender in some societal function or problematization. Even after reading countless hours of Judith Butler and other academics who research gender binaries and gender performativity and power, my biggest issue comes from acting the perspective of a humanist.   I feel like I'm thinking "wrongly" for my opinions on gender issues as less important than decolonialization, the progress and survival of our species, and technological and scientific advances, despite finding myself parroting the "eliminate the gender binary" ideal that humanism often supports.   This isn't to shut down gender privilege as an issue to be fixed or addressed, but to acknowledge that the different waves of feminism and varying beliefs in social justice movements all link back to these macro-scale ideas at their roots, and often leave people out of the equality narrative, eapecially those of genderqueer, null/asexual, and transexual identities ALREADY, leading to a need for a generalist equality movement that doesn't alienate anyone, and is wholly inclusive of diversity.
1	Im a platinum fiora main with a 75 per win rate in over a hundred games.   Normally i play her mid lane and build her like an assassin, however Ive been trying her out in the jungle lately and i personally think she is overpowered because she clears very well, has high  burst ganks, amazing tower dives, and does well with skirmisher's sabre.   To answer your question, despite always playing her like an assassin, i think she is incredibly broken right now with full attack speed runes and devourer. Of course Warrior is good, but Devourer is far too powerful right now.   In season 4, you would get your Feral Flare finished at 25 on hit damage at about 15 minutes on most champs (besides shyvana, udyr, and yi. With Devourer, you can buy it at 10 minutes starting with 40 stacks which is a massive increase from before, plus it is even easier to stack. At 15 minutes where you would have gotten your 25 on hit damage at 15 minutes, you would get more than double that this season. I should also mention that it gives better stats than Feral Flare did as well with 50% attack speed which is massive for the onhit damage it does.
1	This whole thing screams scam/fake. You don't  actually elaborate what you want to do in E-Sports nor what you posses aside from passion, which is not very accurate either. You can't just say you have a passion for E-Sports, that is like saying you have a passion for Football. Do you like playing it? Watching it? What aspects and why?   You aren't telling us anything except for you sob story- which just seems like an attempt  to gain sympathy.  Also, all your comments have been so  kind  and  thankful  to the point of feeling fake and insincere. Also, all your comments have been so  kind  and  thankful  to the point of feeling fake and insincere. You just seem like you're trying to get a free ride/money.
1	He's situational, but a strong pick if mastered. When pro players are asked what unconventional AP mids they consider strong, the usual response is Xerath or Ziggs. I recall Chauster going in-depth about Xerath and explaining a good way to play him in his billion-page AMA thread on the CLG website. Anywho, as a mid player myself I find it easy to lane and dominate a less experienced Xerath, while the strength of a skilled Xerath has surprised me many a time.
1	From Wikipedia:](   > In a non-legal context, spelling differs between countries. The spelling judgement (with e added) is common in the United Kingdom in a non-legal context.[6][7][8] In British English, the spelling judgment is correct when referring to a court's or judge's formal ruling, whereas the spelling judgement is used for other meanings.[9] The spelling judgment is also found in the Authorized King James Version of the Bible.[10] >  > In American English, judgment prevails in all contexts.[11] In Canada and Australia, in a non-legal context both forms are equally acceptable, although judgment is more common in Canada and judgement in Australia.[12] However, in a legal and theological context, judgment is the only correct form.[citation needed] In New Zealand the form judgement is the preferred spelling in dictionaries, newspapers and legislation, although the variant judgment can also be found in all three categories. Usage in South Africa is similar to that in Australia and New Zealand.
1	the 1300 or so gold you spend on a catalyst i better used to say a sheen, cutlass, pickaxe or with another 10 cs, a bf sword. The amount of gold you spend will put you very far behind the other adc. And the scaling time isn't great. bot lane doesn't level as fast as the solo lanes. Its not an optimal bot lane buy and realistically won't be picked up by anyone other than the support at best. But then the same gold can be spend on wards, pinks, sight stone, talisman and such which provide much more immediate value. Honestly this isn't a bad idea and would help a lot of laners like jayce, khazix and irelia.
0	Now see,  this  is the right way to think. Sorry for assuming you were trying to prove me wrong, you were only playing devil's advocate which was honestly what I was doing to the original commenter in the first place. I was originally attempting to show him that not only the "liberal drones"/"Democrat extremists" would go off and do something as drastic as shooting someone over something trivial.
0	I do not know why my friends don't understand this, they always just run up and squat down and start petting... STOP THAT, check and see if the don't might be unfriendly or if the dog's owner just doesn't want you to do that... not your dog, not your decision to make...
0	Here's an aspect that hasn't been covered yet. When you have a girlfriend all of the other "sure things" remain sure things that you just never followed up on. When you're single, you follow up on the "sure thing" to discover that several of them evaporate.
0	When you figure out what the laws are in the state you are in where the recording took place and it is a one party consent to record state, make sure you check that the state you are divorcing in will recognize that recording if they are a 2 party state.   I am not a lawyer, but I like to dot my i's and t's.  So check with your lawyer and maybe call a few in your home state and just ask on the phone and see if anyone will answer the question.  maybe  get a few confirmations or even retain a lawyer in the home state... or the whole situation in reverse states depending on how your lawyer/situation is.
0	Here's a list that I found extremely helpful when I first started redditing...   What do all of these acronyms mean? Well there are a lot of acronyms in use on reddit, so this is just a list of some of the main ones you'll see.   ELI5 means "Explain like I'm 5 (years old)"   DAE means "Does anybody else" or "Does anyone else"   FTFY means "Fixed that for you"   IAMA means "I am a"   AMA means "Ask me anything"
0	While mopping the floor at a gas station, a little kid slipped and nearly fell on the wet floor. In a huff the parent comes up to me and says, "You should have a wet floor sign up!" I calmly pointed behind the mother. When she turned around she tripped over my wet floor sign...
1	I repeat, that's only because Garena allows their teams to have players regardless of age, while Riot doesn't. Garena sends its own teams and Riot sends its own. Why would the tourney have rules made by Riot, but applied to  every team, even the ones that are not paid by Riot?  Riots' rules apply to Riot teams and Garena rules apply to Garena teams. I repeat, he knew these rules, if he wanted to bypass them, he shouldn't cry now and beg for some sort of regulation, he should go to TW.
1	He is Tier 1 in the blind pick list.   Draft mode is a different game, and the high level of play that elementz is talking about is a different game.  The reason he is tier 4 is that a top level Xin Zhao vs a top level Morgana is not good for the Xin Zhao.   If the Xin Zhao's team composition is just right you might still see him included, or possibly as a late pick when the enemy will not be able to choose someone to shut him down.
1	To all guys insisting that teenage esport pros should magically act like grown ups without real professional support (most of the teams organize themselves) , Id like to introduce you to Mario Balotelli.   Esport pros have basically no support, on the other hand professional athletes act like retards 24/7 with an army of pr-persons, lawyers and other lackeys.
0	Well I know that I'm definitely guilty of bringing it up with the guys I've dated... but filbert_bright is dead on: don't ask the question unless you want to know the answer. There are things that I've done in past relationships that I might not want to do with you, but that might be simply because I didn't really want to do them in those relationships, either, and now I'm confident enough to say so. It has nothing to do with being "used up" or not attracted to the partner in question, and a lot more to do with where an individual is on their journey, vs. where they used to be.
0	Try using "LastPass". Its a Service wich works like a kind of Password-Safe (like PassKey) but - because its a PlugIn for your Browser - it Autofills every Website you have an Account (and Password) saved in it. It recognizes new Accounts you try to make at new Websites and saves them and it can be used to simply create safe Passwords. Give it a try!
1	ITT: "accually its a killers song"   "40% win rate"   "
1	I don't understand how they are the better team if they got outpicked both games. Pick/bans is apart of overall team skill believe it or not, even Xpecial said in todays interview Dig is extremely good at doing their homework in pick/ban phase. The second game Curse underestimated zac passive and Lee's damage but it was QTpie's ezreal doing most of the work for the rest of the game. The third game zac didn't do much other than farm/split push and some alright engages.They got outpicked and outplayed on both occasions.
0	I had an ex do the same exact things. She also once whipped her brand new Iphone down the hall, shattering it in front of 4 other people, and then started to accuse me of breaking it.
1	Thanks very much guys! I do still cast, but I've not done a major event since Poland (for instance here:  -- sorry about the sweaty hair, it was CRAZY hot at the venue)   I've not done the regionals due to the format: two bo3s a day meant there wasn't much point in having more than 4 casters. I love casting very much, but I see myself as maybe a second rate caster in Europe at the moment, behind the likes of Joe Miller and Deman, so if the choice is between either me or one of those gentlemen casting, I will always prioritize the overall quality of the event and have one of the real pros casting.   However that doesn't always need to be the decision, and whenever it makes sense for me to join a casting lineup with these guys I definitely will.   I'm still pretty unhappy about two aspects of my casting: my elocution could be better (I realize I speak decent English, but my pronunciation and general diction has not improved much in the last year or so, and there's always room for improvement) and I'm seriously lacking in game knowledge compared to some other casters we have.   There's two solutions here: I'll simply keep working on my English, maybe get some help there as well, and as for the game knowledge, other than constantly working on my own knowledge I think I should simply be matched up with a strong colour caster. Personally I would LOVE to cast more with Jatt, but which caster in the world wouldn't. Dude is crazy smart.   So,
1	Spoilers if you have not watched.   Again, spoilers. I  strongly  recommend watching at least the champion select and opening 2-3 minutes of this game. Right now. Watch it. Okay.   It's really too bad that everyone is concentrating on the somewhat low quality of the casting. This is an important game. People should really be focusing on the true metagaming going on here. To clarify that slightly for those that don't know the difference: "Metagame" in the normal usage simply means 'trendy', while true metagaming actually refers to another game inside of the game. In this case the metagaming going on happens in the picks and plays out in extremely brutal fashion.   By far the most common strategy in LOL in the pro and casual scenes is a 1/1/2+1 babysitter setup. We all know this strategy and it gets referred to as a lot of things, but it's actually a very simple setup meant for a passive game. It's a very defensive comp, though not as defensive as a 1/1/3, or 1/2/2 setup. The basic premise is to have two safe solo lanes, a roamer (jungler) and a support to protect an AD carry. Goose understands this and attempted to counter pick by running the direct hard counter, which is a 1/1/2+1 kill comp. Here you run a carry in a solo lane (Tryndamere top in this case), then you run a hard kill lane with a roamer (jungler) and then a safe solo lane. This comp is a  direct  hard counter to 1/1/2+1 babysitter lanes.   However, CLG makes a brilliant move, which pretty much sums up what real metagaming is. CLG picks a team that looks like a 1/1/2+1 babysitter setup. The real play though is where it shines. CLG actually picked a 1/1/2+1 suicide lane. When picking a suicide lane you place a character that is hard to stop from farming, hard to kill, etc and put them into a lane they can not win. In this case they picked Cho'gath for their suicide lane. Cho'gath is not meant to win the lane, but rather to reach the midgame while being roughly on-par with their lane opponents due to not sharing exp/last hits/etc. This changes Goose from running a hard counter 1/1/2+1 kill comp into a 1/1/2+1 suicide kill comp with their AD carry in a suicide lane.   The entire first two minute and champion select in this game is actually a pretty brutal mind game and it's when the game was won. As soon as Goose decided to send their kill lane bottom they lost the mind game and the rest of the game is Goose trying to somehow get back into the game. There was really no way to get back into the game for them once that happened. Everything plays out as you might expect from a professional game. It goes back and forth with CLG always slightly ahead overall, but most importantly this puts CLG's carry (Vayne) extremely far ahead of Goose's carry (Tryndamere). When the game hits mid/late CLG plays their hand and the game ends  very  quickly. Goose with no carry simply has no answer.
1	I doubt that. You are playing on your account at the same computer/location.  They have many checks to make sure you're ACTUALLY Elo boosting and not just playing well.
0	TIL: Some people read comments and miss the entire point, all irony, and misunderstand what is being said sans irony.
1	That is honestly one of the main reasons I don't like to play much anymore. normals are boring and ranked is full of retards like that. Fortunatly for me I've been able to come to terms with the fact that 90% of the people I play with will bitch just to bitch, and are in the wrong most of the time, so i just ignore them. Not ignore in-game, cuz i like to see how retarded the people i'm playing with are, i just don't reply.   Which actually brings up a point i didn't think of. I've had quite a few games myself where I do poorly and feed and just ignore people when they say noob gg feeder fgt lawl. Most of the time they dont say anything after that, sometimes they will remind me that I'm bad when i die again, but a lot of times they don't. A couple times I decided to say something back and it was like throwing rocket fuel onto an H-bomb. I'ts like when you learned in school to just ignore bullies cuz they are just trying to get a rise out of you, if you dont give them what they want they will move on and start raging at someone else.
1	Well, I cannot speak for vVv on this matter, however, as a caster this is one of the most organized events I've seen.  Also, the format is totally different from any of the other standard, not so large, tournaments out there.  This tournament is pretty individualized while giving you a chance to play with people on a consistent schedule while being semi casual.
0	makes a very blank face   ...Yes... it should be recuerdo... THAT WAS TOTALLY INTENTIONAL!   You got the different definitions of working right. However, "Espero que lo arreglas" (I hope that you fix it (with incorrect grammar)) is wrong.   "Espero que te matas" is also wrong.   However, "Espero que lo arregles" is correct (Yes, arreglar is an -ar verb. Simply put, the subjunctive tense (mood, really) implies the uncertainty of a verbs existence   "I hope  you fix it ". Yes, I said "you fix it". However, even though I used the verb, I didn't  mean  you fix it.   Verbs use the subjunctive tense if another word in the sentence (or the context in which they're spoken) changes their meaning to become less definite. "If you do <verb>, -> (I will give you candy)". Will I give you candy? Well, I have no idea; the "If you do x" has made the verb indefinite.   SÃ­ me dejas conducirte, te diere (dar, future subj.) dulces.
0	I'll throw my two cents in. I think that anyone willing to die for a cause deserves a ton of credit. In that respect military members deserve a ton of respect because they knew they could potentially be harmed while fighting for a cause they truly believe in. Every time I see a service member in uniform, I make eye contact, give a head nod of respect and go about my business. On veterans day I took a few of my vet buddies out drinking, figured the day is important to them I might as well buy them a round.   All this said, I am strongly against joining the military. I don't believe in the cause. I enjoy my country but wouldn't die for it (I could honestly move to another country and be fairly content). I am not patriotic. I am anti-gun and anti-war. I LOATH movies about recent military activity (I think most of it is propaganda anyhow). I also feel that we, as a country, are ruining the lives of some of these soldiers by having them come back home with mountains of problems caused by combat, barely paying for the treatment, then turning around and glamorizing it to continue recruiting young men to fight and return with permanent problems.   So there is my root problem with using the word "Hero". We glamorize it, stamp it on billboard next to uniformed soldiers, and tell our youth that it is a truly heroic thing to do. My friends who served entered when they were young and to this day believe what they did was right, and I respect them for that and have no problem calling them "hero". I just hope that in sometime, maybe in our lifetime, the world will no longer need soldiers and that word "hero" will be used for the people who got us there (soldier or not).
1	Don't worry about it. You're going to rise again once all the divisions normalize again. Think of it this way: at the beginning of every sports season, all teams start equal at 0-0. By the middle of the season, the elite teams begin to distinguish themselves from the pretenders and the true scrubs. By season's end, the best are (usually) recognized as such and go to the postseason to compete for a championship. Obviously no postseason or championship for the majority of LoL players, but you get the idea. It's a reset. At least everyone didn't get completely equalized and put in silver, which would probably be equivalent to 0-0 in most sports leagues.
1	Its kinda funny. In normal games, I prefer to not berate others for doing poorly, instead I'd rather offer build tips and lane switches. Typically, I expect the same treatment. However, when someone on my team starts to blame the others (or me) for giving the opposing team an advantage, I immediately start playing poorly, retracting assistance from that particular player, stealing his buffs, etc. I think of myself as an asshole for this, but my policy is such that the more you QQ, the less inclined I am to help you. This is especially true for carries and other high K/D players. I understand that you can do your job well, but when you insult everyone else on your team for "feeding" or "not helping," it makes all of us dislike you and I for one, would rather take a loss than give up my dignity.
1	Focus more on Cs'ing and less on your teammates. I'm not kidding. Just focus on your Cs and even if you teammates feed you will still be able to carry them.
0	Entirely untrue. I have seen runners, singers, actors, athletes, dancers, and all sorts of other people who rely on their bodies and/or their voices for their profession smoke, in addition to those who are otherwise sedentary and unhealthy. Broadly describing smokers in this way is not only unfair, but just incorrect.   The thing about smoking is it's a compulsion. You try it once, and feel fine. You don't feel hooked, so you don't have any reservations about trying it again another time. It doesn't feel like a habit. You're just smoking because it feels good, and you don't think any further about it. Then comes the day when you want a cigarette and can't have one, and all hell breaks loose in your body. You get anxious, sweaty, and fidgety. You get irritable, and claustrophobic. Maybe you even get nauseous. That's when you realize, "Well, shit. I'm addicted to nicotine."   And when you quit, that feeling does not go away. I am an ex-smoker. I got to a point where I would smoke a pack a day every day for three years, and in a few months I'll be marking five years since quitting. That's a big milestone. But every day,  every single day , I get the urge to smoke a cigarette. That's the thing no one tells you: you never stop quitting smoking.
0	Yeah, exactly. I'm not going to judge the OP or this other person either way. I do empathize with OP's feelings, and I think he's allowed to feel whatever he feels, but the crazy assumptions and extreme judgments on part of other Redditors here strikes me as really short sighted.   OP mentions further down the thread that he and his wife have been separated for 6 months. Does that change anything? I don't know. For me I still have very little information and I'm not going to make a judgment, but I think that piece of information would have probably affected other people's assumptions. Has this wife been cheating on him for 6 months or longer? Or did she not go out on a date until this recent Saturday, after a whole 6 months of separation? What what their relationship like? Who knows, man. And even if the OP answers everything here, we only get his side.   So I guess
1	Generally speaking, your job as a support is to be the mother of the team. Now you've probably heard this before, but what does it mean?  -As the mum, it's very important to TAKE charge and make sure your kids trust you. The support has, at least after laning phase, he most time to plan routes, look at the enemies' item builds, figure out ward locations, and most importantly, PROVIDE FEEDBACK for your laners. If your chat isn't 100% of the time positive feedback, or constructive feedback, then you're not doing what you're supposed to do. Some helpful things you can consider looking for:  -Will your laners/jungler need to build specific items?  -Will your laners need to help you ward specific bushes?  -What can you do, personally to help your team in a teamfight? let them know exactly how much they can trust you, (I.E. "save your barrier for Nidalee spears, as I can always wild growth you if Kha'zix goes in!).  -Make your god damn item builds work. Recently, more gold for supports have apparently started meaning either "build the damages like a mid laner", or, alternatively, "troll builds galore." However, this isn't the case. Aura items are still strong. So build that Zeke's Herald if you have alot of AD and your marksman wants to go with IE instead of BT. Build the CDR for extra many janna ults. Build that mikael's crucible if you need the cc clear, and tell your marksman to god damn save his cleanse or QSS until after you've used it.
1	I actually think that Support get congratulated more than ADCs. In fact after gank stage the only thing that will get a jungler congratulated is a smite steal. Top Lane and Mid only get a mention when they are snowballed as fuck, whereas if a support player is playing well everyone treats them like a girl they like. Its like every support player is an ADC's girlfriend and thats why they are playing, and everyone is SUPER nice to them on the offchance of a blowjob.
1	Bork was a huge buff for her, aa q aa not counting any ad or true dmg from silver bolts will be doing 24% of their hp, so if you manage to condemn them into a wall and proc ur bork on them thats 10% and 2 more aas so were now at 50% life not including any actual Ad or silver bolts or comdemn dmg that you did to them.
0	I just think it's hilarious. I'm not talking about the person who just walk in, I'm talking about the people who give me a weird vibe when they walk by. Some are the business suit with blue tooth type, others are the neck tattoo tough guys. The type that don't acknowledge other people unless they need something. Too cool for school if you will.
0	This might get buried and will probably be boring to most of you, but a lot of  really  interesting research has been done around the social aspects of funerals. For example, there's an anthropologist whose name I unfortunately can't recall who spent years living on the remote island of Capri off the coast of Italy back in the 50's. It was pretty much a village with little contact to the outside world; most buildings lacked electricity (aside from a post office), no major roads, and no agricultural imports. They even produced their own food. His purpose was to find a place where the funeral rites were preserved over history and where modern culture and practice hadn't intervened (eg. funeral homes, mass communication, ect.).   Anyways, during that time, he just recorded the funeral ceremonies that took place in the church. What he noticed was that the way the women mourned was really similar from funeral to funeral. They used the same songs, the same laments, even their pitch from wailing was always on key. There were always people sitting watch over the body for the first day or so and it even became a profession: a group of women were often employed to sit with the body, keep the family company, and perform these cookie-cutter acts of mourning. The thing that's so interesting about it was his conclusion: funerals don't only have religious connotations, they serve to unburden the family who has lost someone by removing that burden from the personal realm of the family and placing it in the realm of a larger social group. The way that the funeral rites were replicated and never distinguishable helped to remove personal significance and thus rely on others to help with the burden.   It's really interesting stuff and, if it interests you, I'd recommend reading  The Dominion of the Dead  by Robert Harrison. It talks about how the dead, even though they are gone, extol a burden on us. Sort of a demand. It theorizes about the initial rise of language being an act of mourning, how lots of scientists speculate that humans sang before they spoke and the need to do so could only come along when some ancient ancestor of humans was confronted with the grief of someone's death. It talks about the home as the center of burial according to Greek tradition. It also talks about the importance of a burial place and its connotations with citizenship. Also, it's a  really  approachable and well-written book, in my opinion.   Edit:
0	The thing is, most people I know in the food industry who get tips make money just on their tips. Some of them have to pay rent every month, insurance on their cars, utilities, groceries, etc. just like everyone else. As a pizza guy, I make roughly 6.50 an hour, and spend about 20 bucks a day on gas just for delivery; when a person stiffs me, I don't bitch and moan about it, but when I drive back and forth for three hours and people pay in exact change, it does start to get frustrating.
1	I agree with his champ pool... but this is the entire problem with tsm: They do the SAME FUCKING SHIT until someone stomps their ass. THEN, when they get roflstomped, they try to copy what the other team does.
1	Yea as if Plat was high" My honest opinion on that? I dont care how high elo or low elo this is, I am silver myself and have found EXACTLY these points to be so true, Im by far not one of those "Im stuck, cuz of boobs", because I feel like even if I actually played ranked regularely I still have many points to improve.   But, to get back to topic, even if we win that 60minutes+ game it is SO EXHAUSTING to try to lead a team, that does not react at all to what to do. I can say though, there are occasional teams that just follow and play the map super smooth.
0	Okay, so I'll share my story...again. The first time I shared it was on facebook, so you can imagine all the breastfeeders that came out of the woodworks to tell me I'm the scum of the Earth for not believing in breastfeeding. Down vote me if you want, but this is just how it is for me.   I don't care if you breastfeed. I'm actually all for it and a little disappointed that my nephew doesn't breastfeed (mom cannot produce enough milk, so she can't). I believe it's healthier than formula and helps with the passage of much need immunities while being young. That said, lets continue.   Cover up if you're doing it in public. It's not about women's rights, it's not about being a "free and independent mother". It's about common fucking courtesy. To elaborate with my story, I'm a server at a restaurant. Well, one day a wife and husband come in with their 2 kids (1 is like 4 the other is like 4 months). I walk up and greet them and while I'm telling her my name and the whole initial spill of info at our restaurant, she reaches in pulls out her breast and asks her husband to pass her the baby. Seriously, that is the most awkward moment in my entire life. Do I look at the boob? Do I act like nothing happened? Should I get a manager (b/c I'm not sure on breastfeeding rules/laws in public)? Do I just keep going and get their drink order? Should I ever go back to that table after letting them see my physical and emotional discomfort?   To add to all that she never covered up, basically throwing my uncomfortablness in my face for the first half of them being there.   Maybe she didn't bring a towel/cloth to cover up with? We have cloth napkins much bigger than what is necessary to cover up with.   Maybe she doesn't wanna do it in a bathroom? Okay I understand that.   Maybe she doesn't wanna sit in the hot car feeding? I get that, but how about being prepared. They didn't just go down the road with a relatively newborn baby and decide that eating out was in order. And the information I've gleaned from being an Uncle tells me that babies are very much on a schedule (my nephew is like a 2 hour schedule as far as food goes). So the lady knew the kid would be hungry. Not only that they could have sat in the car before coming into the restaurant to feed, the car would have been cool then.   Nope they came in and surprised the fuck outta me. Made me super uncomfortable to wait on them and didn't even offer up any kind of consideration.   You can tell that I have thought this through since it happened. Yet the only responses I get is "you're just a man", "you don't get it", "fuck you for being against breastfeeding", etc. I got blasted for asking for courtesy. It was like I waged a war against women's rights (mother's rights), and these people were my family and friends (mostly family). Go into the whole "Americans and nudity" bullshit response (I've heard it all). But where I grew up and how I was raised meant that common courtesy is exercised while in public in all situations. It's not about fighting some "war" against non-breastfeeders, it's about realizing your actions around other people (courtesy).
1	I never even considered changing his new Q after testing out New Kassadin, but now that you mention it, it seems like a good tweak. The rest of his new kit seems pretty solid to me though with the Missing % Mana refreshing W, a shield, a slow, and mobility. AP vs Mana felt like a problem early game, especially with the extremely high mana cost stacked R; it was like "Do I build mana so I can actually use my ulti? Or AP so I can actually kill someone?" But it balanced out late game after I finally got my RoA and Archangel Staff. Regardless, got a quadra kill near the end and the whole enemy team proceeded to flame me for playing Kass, tell me that im "So good" at the game, and cry about how Kassadin is broken as fuck with his mobility.(Mind you that Talon, Akali, AND Lee Sin were on the enemy team. Talon you're fine. However I shouldn't have to read an Akali or Lee Sin calling Kass R OP because they don't get punished as hard for freely using gap closers whereas New Kassadin has to stare at his empty mana pool and cry to himself to sleep if he gets Riftwalk-Happy)
1	To be fair it's not that he was relying on the fact the he was "famous". At his ELO pretty much everybody knows each other and the champions they play. I'm not saying it was right for Froggen to rage like that but the incident mainly happened because Eve trolled him. Watching most high elo streams you'll hear "Oh it's X, he plays Y." or "Oh man, not X he bought his account." I watched a Dyrus video on how to play singed earlier today and at the loading screens he noticed a player and said "Oh it's X, he defaulted to Yorick because he only plays Singed, Yorick, Y and Z."   There's a big difference between you not knowing who plays what and them not knowing. The difference is pretty much you not knowing what role/champions your friends play. I watched Hafu's stream yesterday and she played against 5/6 of the same people three games in a row. The reason queue times are so long at that elo is because sometimes you have to wait for a game to end for there to be enough people to start a game.
0	I'm a vegetarian, and I've held a 3000-3500kcal diet for a few months, with about the same protein intake as yours. I've put on 10kg of weight during this time.   I drink milk, so that helps, but I could also pretty much substitute it for soy milk (since it still contains a bunch of proteins), and then eating beans, meat substitutes, bulgur, quinoa, peanut butter and so on is no problems at all.
0	One time I forgot I was sleeping over at a friends house. When I woke up to check the time on my phone I was like oh ok whatever just another day...then I turn around to go back to sleep and I see two of my friends. At this point i'm like, "WTF how did you get inside my house, and why are you on my bed?" So I tripped the fuck out and soon realized this wasn't my house to begin with.
1	I'm really not sure what you are trying to accomplish with this post. Why would you play ranked with friends who aren't near your skill level? Ranked is for trying to improve your own play. What are you going to learn playing with lower elo players?   And seriously with the
1	I am sorry but CLG is looking SO BAD.. They are behind the meta, it just seems ( WHICH MEANS IN MY EYES/OPINION ) they are not adapting/training for anything new. The decisions they make looks so stupid and foolish.. If you pick a j4/karthus/ez/leona/orianna you think TSM isnt capable of thinking forward and will try to shut you down the sooner the better ? And even if that dindt went as easy as it went now they would have avoid every tf later game for sure.  They are missing team morale, it all looks to me as if they have a talk about bans and picks and after that they just go with it with the feeling "We'll see how this works out". They need some sort of push or something ( slap in the face ) like wake up, its time to switch things up ( and NO benching people is not gonna help ANYTHING )
0	Devil's advocate here:   I'm not saying this is what happened, just what may have happened. I don't have any facts from the OP to work with here, but here is a possible explanation. I"m assuming in this scenario that OP is a college student, as is the roommate.   Source: I work at a Public University's Study Abroad Center . Since this is referred to as "vacation", I"m assuming it's a 1-week or 2-week stay abroad. These can generally take place at almost any time during any semester (or even the summer). It depends on the school and it's programs obviously.   On top of that, if it's a stay abroad that is indeed that short, covering the costs may not be that difficult. We have programs where students get airfare paid for and then the student gets additional money on top of that, so that's easily able to be covered. Her tuition while abroad? It's likely just taking place of her current tuition (which in all likelihood is paid through financial aid and student loans). This happens way more often than people think. In our department, over 80% of the tuition of abroad programs are the same as if they stayed and studied. This is because they are  exchange  programs. Your college and another college set up an arrangement where they basically "each trade a student" for X amount of time (could be a week, a month, a semester, or a whole year). The other student is paying the tuition from their own school (if at all, I understand some Europeans get higher education for free?), and your student is paying your own.
1	perfect example of this in normals with my friends today:   I was trying eve jungle (im plat 1) against a bronze 1 vi. Vi had Ap runes/masteries, yelp. Anyways I decide to start blue and then go red. I went blue pot start. I don't even think of the possibility of vi being at my red because its an ap vi and i'm a blue pot eve with ignite/smite- plus he probably lolking'd me and is scared. Anyways what do you know, I go to my red and right before I'm about to kill it vi pops out and kills me before I can do anything (I was like 150 HP). LOL the bronze logic. I was caught off guard and I go back to farm and what do you know, vi was waiting there for me LOL. I manage to run away but their mid nid managed to snipe me with a nice spear. welp, 0-2 as a plat 1 against silver/bronze. Other team asks me if I'm a legit plat 1 and I just tell them I'm a bad eve (which is true, I don't ranked with eve). Anyways, I finish game 15/2/11 and the other team is baffled at how I came back.
1	since pulsefire ez is from the future and suppose to relate to creator [viktor]( maybe it's possible that ez traveled to the future and witnessed the destruction caused by the void, and when he saw viktor he blamed him and now viktor comes back to create these battlecast "monsters" to stop the destruction of the void.
0	I'm not trying to outdo you but I have a much much embarrassing story.  I had to get braces as an adult (that's a different story altogether). Anyway, after about a week of having them on I was still in immense pain and since I have a lot of time to think at work (software developer at the time) I decided I could think about my code and listen to YouTube videos of people with similar pain.  I fired up the ole YouTube app and listened to teeenage girls complain about their braces and how they coped with the pain. The volume seemed to be low so I turned it all the way up and it still sounded muffled but I blamed it on the crappy headphone brand. After watching some videos about other people's braces pain I decided that it wasn't the worst thing in the world so I accepted the pain, took some of their remedies, and decided to browse around YouTube for a while. I continued to click on suggested YouTube links and ended up clicking through some of the popular videos at the time. I listened to that "hide yo kid" rap song, tourettes guy videos, that old comedian who died a while back who had the skit about 7 dirty words (note, these are probably bad examples about what was popular at the time but you get the point).  Well, I'm watching these videos for about an hour. A fucking hour! Now let me tell you that I worked in an open seating environment and there were at least 50 people within earshot of my phone. My friend was leaving for the day and taps me on my shoulder. I take my headphones off and said "what's up" and he pointed at the other end of my headphones. My headphones were unplugged and for an hour in a corporate office I was listening to the most ridiculous stuff on the internet and not 1 person told me that I was making an ass of myself. I immediately began to sweat but tried to act "calm, cool, and collected"
0	You must not be moved out of the house yet.. oh the conversations that occurred when she finally accepted my non innocence. Things I never really wanted to know about my mom, but she's cool as shit as a friend now more than ever.
1	Whenever your team is down a man, the key thing to focus on is capitalizing on when then enemy team gets out of position.  Everyone has to be co-ordinated as well.  I played a game a few days ago where a pantheon left around 5 minutes in, but we still managed to hold onto the game for 45 minutes.  Have everyone possible defend the lane, and have someone who's strong in 1v1 ready to defend side lanes.  When the other team does something stupid under your tower, capitalize.  We scored a few aces this way.  The only problem with this is, as teams farm up more, the tower makes less and less of a difference as you gear up, and eventually 5 Champs can easily overpower 4 Champs and a tower.
1	Simple solution, place your two wards in lane. For example, as bot: In river brush, and one in your lane brush. Then save the other two for replacing those or when you roam, seeing as how you're not in lane anymore, you don't need those wards there anymore so you can avoid facechecking by warding ahead of you.
1	There are people getting warnings/time bans without any good reason in the tribunal. I'm not saying this dude did, because i have not seen his case.   This case is if you ask me not a reason to get a warning. (It's not me, just a random dude in LoL Norway - Facebook) When he wrote "Time to troll" it was a joke as trundle.  For the singed game. Ok, randoming a champ is not good, but sometimes we have accidents, and if it happens once in 500 games it isn't really that big of a deal, and you can clearly see that he did not AFK in the game. (As a jungler he is the highest lvl on his team.) And if you look his stats it looks like he clearly tried his best. Even in the chat he says close to the end that only he and ashe played, so 3 of his teammates was problably AFK at that point.
1	I think you might be missing my point, I'm not the best at explaining things anyways. Junglers in the current version of the game don't have as much of a problem with setting up ganks, especially at high levels of play. Most squishy champs have some form of escape (Corki with Valk, Kass with Void walk, Jax with leap strike) as well as flash being the most commonly used summoner spell. What counters escapes is hard CC (Fears, stuns and knock-ups) which eve has none of now and would have little of if this remake happened.   The remake that the person suggested is more centered around wards making the game slower paced. Junglers don't gank often enough to make the game fast paced because of wards currently but making new wards that gave less vision  of enemy champions would just make players turtle up and play even less aggresive.
1	I think he's referring to the fact you are only 1300 so technically you don't main ADC but rather just play ADC.
1	blatantly wrong. It is a bad item because a) it wastes crucial money in the early stages of the game b) It forces you to play super defensively c) If you do pull off, when you eventually die its like losing a whole item and d) If you were going to get all those kills anyway, all you are doing is winning faster, which is unnecessary.
1	Hello Sky!   I've been a huge fan of your work and I think you have a very good point about ocelote's supposed "God Complex".   I think he has trouble expressing his thoughts as clearly as he would like as Spanish is his native language.   With the gap between what he's thinking and what he is saying, I think there are many things which could be misunderstood.   From my perspective, I think ocelote was trying to say that he is a positive person. And he constantly projects positivity. He isn't trying to say he makes everyone better simply with his presence, but he projects good vibes which in turn leads to people feeling better.   He may have mispoke when he said "everyone who interacts with me is better", but I think he touched on the point where he when he was discussing his interactions with you.   You're both happy people and you both exude positivity. It's HARD to feel bad around you guys even if we may hate you. It's really hard to be a downer when someone is being a floaty cloud of happiness and rainbows.   I'm firmly in the ocelote is wrong camp and ought to try to make amends for this, but I think LS is to blame for this as well.   I think the best way to TRULY resolve this situation is to get ocelote and Nick (LS) to just talk it out. ocelote would preferable have a translator to get his entire point across without any miscommunication.   This situation is bad for all parties involved. ocelote gets bad PR for not paying LS. LS looks like a spiteful victim out for revenge.   I'm glad that you have entered the fold, but I think you really need to be the levelheaded one in this situation. It's a mutually destructive relationship at this point and there's no benefit for either party to sustain it.   I speak conversation Spanish and fluent English so I understand some of the problems that ocelote is going through. It's really hard to find the exact word which you are looking for in your secondary/tertiary language and you have to settle with the vocabulary that you know best.   I would offer to help out with interpreting/expounding on ocelote's thoughts in some private conversations, but I would strongly suggest someone who is fluent in both languages to be present if ocelote and LS DO talk.     (On another note)   I heard one of the points you made that reddit did a 180 on you and went from loving you to hating you. I still enjoy your content and I've been watching most if not all of your Smash content. (I remember seeing you in the Smash documentary a few times in the background ;D)   The problem some people had was that you were very "in-your-face" with your sexuality. People felt like everytime they opened up one of your videos it would be about how "Black and Gay" you were. To some extent that was true. A large part of your focus (in the first videos) WAS on these two distinguishing traits; however, you quickly moved on to branching out your comedy. (5 Things I hate about ..., Music Videos, Collabs, etc)   You branched out really quickly and it really showed. It's hard to replicate the sort of success you get from a major hit. (See Psy and Gangnam Style, What does the Fox Say) The one-hit wonder phenomenon is prevalent because you keep trying to top your previous hits.   You need to just do what you love doing and eventually you will exceed your limits that way. You have to do it organically rather than forcing it through.   I love what you do and I've watched a ton of stand-up, comedy shows, etc. Sometimes things just don't work and you need to focus on something you really love. Branching out too much risks overextending yourself and burnout.   Your schedule is pretty rigorous and you seem to be under a lot of pressure to "provide" content and continue your lifestyle.   I would just suggest taking a step back and asking yourself "Why did I want to become a content creator?". What made you love doing this? What did you hope to accomplish? Zero in on the one thing you can't compromise on whether it be comedy, happiness, or helping others and master that.   Once you've found something you can do consistently, then move out of your comfort zone.   Even if you don't read all of this or even part of this I hope that the thought gets through to you. You've been a great influence on this community and I hope that you can improve and become even better. You told ocelote to not forget how he came to be famous and not to forget his roots. You should do the same. Don't forget WHY you came here and why you wanted to do this to begin with.   Many other League Youtubers have had the same problem. Blakinola, Instalok, and some extent SivHD have suffered from the same "backlash/criticism" that you suffered albeit in a different manner.   Blakinola and Instalok have been criticized for doing the same exact thing every video. Instalok is a music parody group and that's essentially what they're supposed to do. Blakinola was always the "other black guy" aside from you and didn't really have a major popular series until
1	I just played a game of LoL which really made me feel like quitting. it was a normal but i don't play ranked because i only just hit 30 on first account. Ashe nami (i was ashe) vs cait sona. Im not very experienced at adc but did ok. I knew i couldnt get anywhere near the creeps so the cait and sona pushed and i last hit under turret. they were at turret constantly and we received 0 ganks. the jax top got constantly ganked by our ammumu and was 4-1 in 10 minutes. anyway laning phase ended and i was 3-1 after getting kills under turret when dived but unfortuately the caitlyn hadnt died. so i (being underfarmed) farmed bot while my team did their thing. the jax goes in and dies 1v4 and blames me saying that they needed me in teamfights and i shouldnt farm bot. then said he was reporting me for intentionally feeding and spamming. all i had said all game was little jokes about when i died or when i did a bad arrow. rest of the game he flames me constantly and then the rest of my team joins in saying i was a noob and that the game was lost because of me despite me being 4-5-5 i think by the end. honestly i think this game will die because of the constant abuse you get if you dont go 20-0-45. it's getting out of hand. if i defend someone in game or try to be friendly apparently it's spamming and i get reported
0	I'm reasonably certain they are by now, for whatever it's worth.   For what it's worth, I'm sick of attempting to have coherent conversations about politics with preteens.   I don't have kids and never wanted to. I'm old enough to have seen more presidents than I have fingers. I like the idea of just avoiding the "mainstream" by avoiding crowds. It's not ideal, but it works good. Advice Animals is always going to look a little like a Target ad, because it's populated by enough people to push it toward the aggregate. I come here when I feel tolerant of that, and avoid it when I don't.
1	I don't think it's a nationalism, racist thing (although you're right it can be), like I said it's more on the relatable aspect. People love LMQ, even though they're a Chinese team. People like that they are trying to learn English and trying to get to know the audience. They've been streaming and viewers like their personality a lot.  There's also a lot of love for European teams too. They are just a lot more accessible than the Korean teams (majority at least). It's the same way everybody used to love MC (iunno what the scenes like anymore). He pandered to the audience and people loved it. Although Faker is phenomenal and everybody calls him a God, he's still the generic "polite veiled cocky" (up for debate apparently) Korean player that waters his plants to stay focused. People are allowed to like what and who they want. It's not like people don't like the Korean teams cause they're Koreans, it's cause there are others who are more personable.  And at the end of the day you're going to say "w.e this is a competitive game".  Like i anticipated you would say, a quality game is a quality game. Yes you're right, step the fuck up then if you want to be relevant, etc.  At the same time though these are human beings with personalities playing these games. This is a double-edged issue definitely but I can't see fans just tossing aside their feelings/background completely when watching their favorite teams play. Is it really that bizarre to feel a bit demoralized/disappointed when your favorite team keeps losing or even other way around feel exhilarated when that team takes top place?
0	no argument.   Do you even internet bro?   Joking aside, I have yet to find one person in this world who is not 'racist' as they will say something along the lines of "White neighborhood" which is defining something be race. If I think a black neighborhood is less safe, I should avoid those areas. this is now racism colliding with common sense. If i generally think something will end negatively I should avoid it. So what is racism then? Really? It is treating people unjustly based on their race, which extends to religion, sex, and age. So is a 15 year old who does not like other 15 year olds and finds them immature a self loathing bigot?   Sorry for the jumping, I tried to condense ideas to (Summation-example) form, since it is a very large topic.
1	What about people on second/third accounts?
1	Right now the Asian teams are all about pressure, and almost all NA and EU teams aren't able to cope with the immense pressure right from the start. Asians (particularly the Koreans) are just good at countering late-game comps and are able to build up an advantage and finish the game fast enough so that late-game heroes never get to that point. I'm not saying turtling doesn't work, it's just they're able to punish you for that. The only thing I see realistically working is to be the aggressor, you can't just sit there and wait to free-farm, they just won't let you have it.   I'd like to stay away from the whole "EU and NA need to practice more" because that's just getting really old, and I don't think it's the reason why western teams lose to Asia. It's all about looking at the replays and searching for the gaps in the strategy, I mean straight up tower-pushing shouldn't be the be all end all strategy. Also, I notice Korean teams really come up with many of the innovations this Season (the whole Curse of the Sad Bullet Time and Warmog's on everybody), so I think the West has to take a really good look at the game as a whole to actually be the ones to come up with new innovations. That way, they have time to test it, refine it, and use it on the international stage.
0	25/F here & I'm not wheelchair bound, but I do have a below the knee amputation on my R leg, and wear a prosthetic. I never thought anyone would want to date me because I wasn't "a complete" person. After 4 years of being single and struggling with insecurities/ feeling like I could never measure up to anyone's expectation of what a girlfriend should be, I finally met someone who doesn't give a fuck about my "disability," and loves me for the person I am, and even thinks that me not having a part of my leg makes me different than any other woman he's dated, in a good way.
1	My title doesn't support my claim!? What!? I guess basic understanding of language is hard.   Yes, it was a by-product of the play, because:     Dyrus was going in for the kill, but he got outplayed (he got taunted by shen into turret and died).     I didn't say "sup?". Haruka, the player, said "sup?" because he had just outplayed Dyrus and felt pretty badass about it, as many other players would, not necessarily because it was against Dyrus, but simply because it really was pretty badass to kill someone like that, I would feel that way at least. Yes, it did contribute to Dyrus getting mad, but I guess people don't want to see the all chat when their favourite pro player does that. What does the Summoner's Code teach us? That if you are provoked by a player, you shouldn't respond back in a negative way.     I did not put this up to get praised. However, it is inappropriate for fanboys to come in, downvote my post, then trash talk (like the one who called me a jerk) a random person on the internet (me) about a video that has nothing to do with them.     I put this up ASKING for people to PRAISE me!? WHERE!? Show me where it states that.     I'm showing how fanboys of Dyrus get offended by a solo queue game play where Dyrus happened to get mad (more or less, very little, a lot, almost not at all; how am I supposed to know, I'm not Dyrus) and yes he did get mad, because you don't just simply say "stfu" which equals Shut the FUCK up - I even emphasized the key word that indicates that yes, he did indeed get mad, how mad did he get? I don't know, I don't care. My life's purpose is not to find out how mad does Dyrus get when he gets outplayed and tells "stfu" to the guy who he got outplayed by. Now, Dyrus and Haruka may be friends which would qualify that as friendly banter, but I don't know that. In general, you don't just "friendly" tell people on the internet to "stfu".     What simply is a video showing a high elo play involving Dyrus turned into a "OMG GUYS LOOK DYRUS GOT OUTPLAYED HE IS SO BAD HAHAHA" video thing. In the end it just comes down to me (a random person on the internet) having the nerve, the audacity to add the adjective "mad" next to the Godly and wonderful name "Dyrus". Dyrus Mad = this guy is such a jerk! Why the hell would anyone care about a random guy on the internet adding the adjective "mad" to the name "Dyrus" if they weren't such huge fanboys?
1	The thing is that all the divisions are basically the same until High Plat where people actually start knowing what they are doing. It drops a little when you hit low Diamond but it goes back up in Diamond 1 90+ LP.
1	The Black Cleaver passive (4 stacks): 30% armour reduction   Multiplicative stacking of Last Whisper (35%), Darius' Apprehend [E] (25%), Weapons Expertise mastery (8%): 55.15% armour penetration   The Black Cleaver (15 flat) and Sunder mastery (5 flat): 20 flat armour penetration   Armour of Target | After % Reduction | After % Penetration | After Flat Penetration |-|-|-|- 100 | 70 | 31.395 | 11.395 150 | 105 | 47.0925 | 27.0925 200 | 140 | 62.79 | 42.79 250 | 175 | 78.4875 | 58.4875 300 | 210 | 94.185 | 74.185 350 | 245 | 109.8825 | 89.8825 400 | 280 | 125.58 | 105.58   That's with  one  Black Cleaver. For each extra axe, there's another 15 flat armour penetration:   Armour of Target | One Cleaver | Two Cleavers | Three Cleavers | Four Cleavers |-|-|-|-|- 100 | 11.395 | 0 | 0 | 0 150 | 27.0925 | 12.0925 | 0 | 0 200 | 42.79 | 27.79 | 12.79 | 0 250 | 58.4875 | 43.4875 | 28.4875 | 13.4875 300 | 74.185 | 59.185 | 44.185 | 29.185 350 | 89.8825 | 74.8825 | 59.8825 | 44.8825 400 | 105.58 | 90.58 | 75.58 | 60.58
1	Amumu isn't necessarily as bad as Blitz or Shen (in solo Q).   He's mostly invincible if farmed, but he needs his blue to be merely useful and has a really weak 1v1, making counter jungling a breeze. To initiate, his team has to position right and the enemy team has to position wrong. Meanwhile, Blitz can isolate anyone inside a 1v5 and make it super easy to chase.
0	I am in a similar situation. I am a hetero-romantic asexual male. I believe myself to be realistic about my expectations and the only partner I would be successful with is likely a hetero-romantic asexual female. However, I have been spending lots of time over the past three months with a bisexual female. Recently we have been spending more and more time together, literally almost all day every day. She occasionally says she loves me, but I take it as platonic, however I do not say it back (because I have romantic feelings) and she acts annoyed when I don't. I know she is/wants to be sexually active, so I am not pursuing a romantic relationship because I feel it would be cheating her out of a satisfying relationship. So I have accepted the fact that I should not expect/try to foster a romantic relationship with her, but goddamn if it doesn't pain me to hear when she has a date with another guy or talks about another guy etc. Strangely it does not bother me when she has a date or sex with a girl. Of course I can't say anything because I have no desire to actually have sex with her (I do like to touch, kiss, etc.) and to me doing so would be completely unfair. Oh well, it's not so bad.
1	World of Warcraft, as a good example of a game, has it saved to the account, not the local data. Good idea and one that I'm not sure why Riot hasn't implemented already. I reinstall league like 4 or 5 times a year due to issues with my client as a last resort fix and i have EVERYTHING keybinded (recall, shop, level up skills, self cast skills are all set to different keybinds).
1	meinlfan, i think you didnt get the point clarke was aiming at.   I started around a year ago playing league and it was my first moba.  after reaching level 30 i had no itentions playing ranked, despite the fact in normals, random players in my team called my "fucking unranked noob", when i did mistakes (guess thats how the community works).   I'm a really competitive player and i hate loosing, if I compete i want to win and i get really angry if i lose :D so ranked somehow stressed me in S3 and i played like 6 games in my provisionals and then stopped. Thats the reason why im unranked S3.   We continued playing normals with a few friends and i started playing different roles and different chmpions and i found a few that i really liked. I started watching LCS and became interested in the Game/Champ mechanics and my interest in the game really grew a half year ago.   I watched a lot videos/streams from voyboy, Bjergsen, Wingsofdeath, Nightblue, OddOne to learn those mechanics and the essential Game knowledge i didnt have at this point. And it really helped me a lot. I started playing with smartcast, had knowledge about buff and camp spawns, vision, creep waves, efficent farming under tower and so on.   In short my Gameplay improved A LOT!   With the Beginning of S4 i felt like i want to know where my place in league is and (i had around 1000 normals at that point with 530/470 or something) started my provisional matches and ended it with 5/5 in Silver 5. Playing ranked at that point really stressed my and i felt bad when i lost a game. I was under pressure   I dropped to Bronze 1 a month later because of inactivity, i played a lot of normal games that time and had no intention to play ranked because it really stressed me.   Two month ago i started Duo-Qing (1400 normals at that time - 700/670 or something). I felt my knowledge was very high, i had improved on every lane even further, so i went into those games without calling a specific role:  " hi team :) can fill :) "   i worked really well and guess what? here is what sepereates me from meinlfan, it was a walkthrough to platinum 5!   i skipped a few division, gained +25 LP on a win and lost -5-10 LP on a loss and won every promotion straight to platinum 5. After around 100 ranked games i reached Platinum, it felt so great.  And here is Clarkes point! i have improved in normals to a point were i felt good enough to reach a high elo in ranked. Those high number of normals gave me knowledge/confidence/mechanics and even took the fear of playing ranked.   Its two different ways to improve in ranked and reach Silver 1 after more than 200 games (as an example) or improve in normals to a certain point and reach  platinum 5 after 100 games (as an example) Its up to you which way you choose, you invest your time in both ways!   Edit1:
1	I myself am not a high tier player. I've been going up and down the silver tier, from 5 to 1 and reverse.   What really makes me mad is not thinking about your allies.   I just had a game that is the perfect example of that. I on mid lane as Xerath, not doing that well and Vayne as ad carry, doing well. Last teamfight.   So we engage at enemy mid inhibitor, our jungler Amumu and top Malphite take the front. What went wrong is the fact that instead of watching for our ad carry, in this case, Vayne they went for enemy mid Cassiopeia which was far from being a serious threat for the team. So they go after her and enemy Jax and Lucian just walk past them, and simply walk to me and Vayne.   Naturally we try to defend ourselves but trying to escape from Trinity Force Lucian and Blade of the Ruined King Jax is a little bit hard. I died first and then Vayne died. Soon after that Jax and Lucian join now almost dead Malhpite and Amumu and they get the game.   This is just a single case of many. I see this all the time. Instead of trying to protect your teammates as a tank or support, you take the lead and act as an assassin trying to score as many kills as possible.   Earlier I had a game as Kog Maw and I felt this again on my skin. Enemy is after you, my support does his best to protect me but dies, he can't push back 3 champions at the same time. Rest of the team arrives only to chase the target with the lowest health which leaves me in the tight spot.   Another thing that really tires me are bad champion picks. If we have assassin jungler and assassin on top lane, why the heck do we need yet another assassin on mid lane. Or we have a top lane that mostly deals physical damage, jungle that mostly deals physical damage, then mid lane goes retard mode and picks Zed. This simply cries "Armor" on every turn.   In this light my greatest hate is ccless champions. After picking Yi, Nidalee, Miss Fortune and Shyvana, do you really think that we can do anything to enemy Katarina who can just spin as she pleases since we can't stop her at all?
1	It does tick based on how many points you have, but you also get points for kills. Ive seen a lot of teams run someone's score down based on kills while relatively ignoring towers, or forgetting about towers late game. Problem is, he points for kills cuts out when the other teams nexus hits about 100. The game goes smoothly till about 100 left, then points for kills cuts out and the other team is owning the towers. The other team just about sweeps the game because the first team is concentrating more on kills than towers.
1	I would say that riot should not adjust range AT ALL in between maps, look back at the diana range nerfs, they are a pain to get used to and can easily break the champion, IMO they should just greatly increase the cooldown of it. And urgot / yorick just need number changes in terms of raw base damage / scaling (and maybe urgots healing amount as well).
1	SrewTheShadow is absolutley right. I'm a developer who works on my company's android application. You can't believe how frustrating how slow some changes can be when the codebase started out bad (our android app wasn't written production at first but it was so large that we made it into production..).   We do a constant process of adding in new features as well as refactoring (which srewtheshadow correctly said, is one of the hardest things to do as a programmer) and we still only add like 3-5 new major features  each year . Not to mention, waiting on UX to finally like our designs for the screen (because they want perfect) is always a tedious process. This is due to wanting to get the design and flow  just right .   I can totally sympathize with riot on how long it takes to get things done. And to those who will say, "Why not just hire more developers". There's an interesting phenomenon in development in which too many developers on a project can actually slow the process down. You can think of us like pistons in an engine: The more pistons, generally the more HP produced (sorry for any gear-heads cringing); however, the more pistons the harder it is to time the engine and get all of the moving parts to work in sync. Developers are humans too (we like to think so): we aren't perfect with communication, we take time to read and understand code (it's a lot harder to read code than to write it), and we don't all agree on standards and styles which only further complicates things.
1	I played ranked immediately after getting 30. Had 2 pages of runes and ~5 champs i could play decently. Went to 630 elo (was half S2), went in normal to farm IP, get champs, master champs, get runes, then back in ranked where i hit 1147 elo by the end of the season (gg 3 elo from silver). Went 7/3 in placement matchs in S3, placed Silver V. I got plat a few days ago.
0	When I was 18, half a lifetime ago, I was super depressed. My parents divorced when I was young and lived over a 1000 miles apart. One night I feeling really bad and somewhat suicidal and called my parent who lived far away saying that I didn't want to live any more. That freaked them out and they drove the very next day to come save me. I then went to live with them, but I only felt worse. I now had zero friends and I was quickly remembering why I left that parent for the other years before. After 3 months of getting even more depressed I move back to the original parent just after my 19th birthday.   It was a bit different then and some of the shitty friends I had, were gone and I was able to make new friends. A few months after that I joined the Navy and while I don't recommend it, it did change my life. I was a non-combatant (Navy Corpsman) and taking care of the Marines allowed me to do something that was greater than myself. I couldn't fail because I would fail others, others could die if I failed. It worked. After my five year service I used the GI bill to go to college and now I'm about to finish my doctorate in Neuroscience. And I already have a job lined up.   So, what's my point? Just moving isn't going to make things better. Hell it could make things worse. You might get more lonely and more depressed. We all make mistakes and have to live with our past. Moving to another city and changing your name isn't going to erase your memories and the pain and turmoil you feel. What will work is finding direction, creating a 10 year plan (now that is scary as hell, but do it), and stick to it. Maybe you'll change your mind and make a new 10 year plan, but the thing is, get outside of the present and think about your future.   It sounds like you probably have shitty family and friends and not a lot of support. You need to get those people out of your life and make new friends (I know, family you're stuck with). Get involved with things that you like, be it music or volunteering. Do things that make you proud. Make sure that every day is a non-zero day (see /r/NonZeroDay).   Anyways,
1	This whole situation is brand new to me.  Can somebody give me the
1	I find it quite funny that I ALLWAYS end up with atleast 2 other guys on my team who are going emo if they dont get to play support - and then dont buy wards , steal CS, no oracles, dont time anything - when I start out by saying my best role is support. I end up playing AD carry - and im the worlds worst lasthitter.
1	Interesting post. I am currently in silver v because I don't have the time to devote to playing a lot of league of legends. My goal for the beginning of the year was to get placed then get to silver as quick as I could. (Ended Silver IV last season). I got placed in bronze 1 and got placed with some toxic players on both mine and the enemy team. I found one of the best solutions to my problems was to turn off all chat while in a ranked game (sometimes even normal games) because when you play ranked there is no point in typing in all chat if you want to win. Also if i came past anyone toxic on my team I instantly muted them. It took me 4 games to get to silver v and I didn't have to play promos.
0	My best friend said something similar to this in high school all the time. I guess I always assumed she was saying "might as well." She made me a photo book with quotes and other girly junk for my 17th birthday & one of the quotes she picked had "might as well" in it. She wrote it how she said it, which I learned that day was "minus well"
0	Well theoretically this is untrue because a business operates with the least amount of employees that it can. People arn't just saying yeah fuck it you guys only make 7 dollars an hour anyway whom ever wants a job can have one.   Also we need to look at not jobs created but jobs that matter, creating a part time job at McDonalds isn't going to help anyone other than a 15 year old kid. "Job Creators" Operate in their best interest and people operate in theirs. You say that business won't hire if wages are to high well I present to your the argument that people won't work if the wages are to low. I could write a 10 page thesis on this and there are lots of people that already have, but the truth of the matter is that, my wife and I are both full time workers she has benifits i do not. We both make under 30k and both have 4 year degrees. If we have one fuck up in our life thats it we are done. We can't afford rent we can't afford food.   Now that's not right, that's bullshit. We don't live lavishly we live in a safe area near our work and we should be able too. I hate all this crap about how competition will level everything out. No it won't Regulated competition will but not otherwise.
0	My boyfriend does this. The most infuriating /panic-inducing part (apparently I'm a lot more claustrophobic in my sleep sometimes?) is that whenever I try to scootch away so that I'm not sweating to death, he grabs me by the hips and drags me back in and basically does [this]( to me so I can't escape.
0	Well you see, OP is such a solitary perfect snowflake that he must make a ridiculous declaration:   "EVERYONE IS OBSESSED"   ...and then bravely refute his own idiot statement to prove how disinterested and sophisticated he is while everyone else is a celebrity-obsessed shit-licking retard.
1	I have read through those statements before as well as listened to what pro players think about Xerath on one of State of the League episodes and their individual streams.   The consensus there seems to have been that during the Xerath patch there were a lot of tournaments around and most of the top teams (TSM, CLG, Dignitas to name a few) spent those 2 weeks going from one event to another, scrimming with each other on the tournament realm (that's 1 patch behind) and generally not being able to play solo queue and stream it.   When the "event craziness" cooled off a bit and the top players started streaming again, it was already the next patch with Graves being added. You heard people complaining about him a lot though. It was heavily influenced by the streamers being vocal about him being too strong. The same streamers kept banning Xerath though, but because they didn't complain about him on stream around the time he was released, the community didn't have their validation to base their own complaints on.
0	Wouldn't make sense? Like how the continuity being completely broken between ED and ED2 such that ED2 was often viewed by fans as a comedic remake of the first, even though it's labeled as a sequel? (I know the continuity was broken for legal reasons, but still the point remains on direct comparison of the films.) That the third movie, which is really only a part two of the 2nd movie and having no relation to the first in storyline, dropped the Evil Dead name altogether and went with Army of Darkness? Calling this latest version of franchise ED3 or ED4 would certainly have made sense, at least to me.   I'll concedte that the storylines are similar, but I won't agree that they are the same. Aside from the characters and their backstories (was that even necessary?) lots of things were changed compared to the first movie, such as the way demons were summoned. I was mostly OK with the changes (except for the changing of the eyes from the traditional milk-white to the orange) because hey, it's schlock horror and it's fun. Remake? Sure, no doubt. But given the timeline, the new cast of characters, and the prescense of the Olds (though that's technically more broken continuity), it can easily be seen as another sequel too.
1	While it's almost necessary to jungle with your typical TT bruiser comps, eventually there is a  very  efficient way to avoid jungling, which is playing AP+Range AD+Support. Supporters are limited to Taric and Alistar though, so I heard it often gets outbanned on high Elo 3on3 by taking out these two.   While it may sound complete bonkers to most "olol trynda unbeatable on TT" complaining players, it's extremely effective because a bruiser like Tryndamere will never get farmed and the combined burst of such an indeed very bursty combo can get rid of weaker enemies extremely easy (while it doesn't even  rely  on denying farm, it works either way). Eventually it's almost impossible to win against this without bringing a jungler, because the ad-support lane will always be able to deny bruisers from farming and also almost everything else - so better have an unfarmed 1on2 but at least get the additional xp.
0	I am a Microsoft Partner, I have an Action Pack, I have lots of various hardware and am thoroughly familiar with all recent Windows versions. Not to one-up you, but just for context.   I  loathe  windows 8(.1) on regular computers. My dad has a Surface (RT) which is a nice tablet and for which W8 is nice (so I do know it can work well on some machines), but it's complete bullshit on desktops.   Basically, the UI is shit. There are some minor improvements (the file copy dialog and the task manager, for example) but the whole "Metro" thing is complete shit.   The way I use the start menu the most is buy pressing the windows key and typing (which searches). That functionality is much worse in Windows 8(.1) than in 7. It's just completely horrible. The way it obscures my complete desktop is crap. The way I could use a menu-style thing for Administrative Tools and for Control Panel is no longer possible. The defaults are crap (important if you sysadmin lots of machines), gone are useful things like "control panel", "devices and printers", "computer", etc, and instead we have Metro apps for "travel", "stocks", "weather" and completely useless shit.   There is absolutely no scenario in which a full-screen metro app is useful on a desktop pc compared to a reasonably-sized (or even just resizable) regular program. And yet, that's what your default start menu is filled with.   I know all about the microsoft accounts. I have Skydrive on my Win7 machines, which are perfectly capable of syncing files between my Win7 computers, without the need for Win8. Yes, they can sync my Metro app settings, or which Metro apps I bought (zero) but that's completely useless.   If I had a laptop with a touchscreen, I'd still prefer to use my whole screen efficiently, instead of the full-screen metro apps that only make sense on a 7-10 inch tablet.   "Touch" doesn't sell windows 8.  Being a tablet  sells Windows 8. If I have a touchscreen, but also a keyboard and mouse, it's still shit. And if I didn't have a keyboard/mouse, I wouldn't be able to use that machine for which I use my computer (desktop or laptop). For example, can you imagine how long and tedious a process it would have been to type this long comment using a touchscreen?   Sorry for the long rant.   Also, there's the learning curve. For office employees whose time costs money, or for people who don't "play around" with computers as a hobby, why would you want them to relearn basic things like finding programs on your computer, if there's no added benefit to a new system over e.g. Windows 7? If Windows 7 does all you want your machine to do, and does it just as good (if not better) than Windows 8, then leave it the fuck alone. Upgrading just for the sake of having the latest thing does not make sense in the business world.
0	You don't get to make decisions for someone because you didn't wear a rubber.   my suggestion does not involve anyone making decisions for others, actually, it is the direct opposite.   but the thing is, men can not just walk away at any point as you claim, if they do they would get thrown into jail because they are not paying child support.   i am not saying that having sex is riskless, but lets take a totally hypothetical scenario, a OAG scenario of sorts, a couple agrees to have sex, they use the pills, they both agree that if the pills fails they will keep the child, now the OAG figures "well i want a child, why leave it to chance" and stops taking the pill, voila! a bun in the oven, sure its a breach of trust but in todays society the guy would get stuck with it, let us think, if we can prove somehow that she cheated about the pill. wouldnt it be fair for the guy to write himself off? they did agree to a very small chance of having kids, however one part of the couple decided to take matters in its own hands.   we could do the same scenario with condoms, buttsex, used condoms, man swimmer killer pills or whatever.   one argument against this would be "but abortion is so much bigger than writing off something on a paper", well just because one person has it hard to have freedom, should not mean another person shouldnt have the freedom at all.   anyhow, on to male birth control, Vasectomy - sure, but it has only been the last year or so where vasectomy have been reversible, while women has had it for decades (similar technique/goal), im just pointing out that it isnt that easy sometimes.   Male birth control pills!! yay!, if you havent noticed anytime this is of subject the male population of reddit screams with passion of why this is awesome, i would gladly take them if that will make sure my GF does not get knocked up. Men wants this.   however, pharmacuticals does not, why would they produce pills for a new market that could destroy this market they have had for 60 years, and could continue to milk. its a similar scenario to how oil companies are cockblocking electric cars.   my point is, men want more contraceptives, perhaps more than you think, a condom is not always enough. but it is only the latest years that medicine has caught up, it will probably be a couple of years before we have the equivelant of a male "pill".   it still boils down to where the woman has ultimate control of when to give birth however hard it seems, where the man has no say from conception
1	Out of the four champions you listed, I would recommend maining Ahri.   Ahri's versatile and can pretty much fit into any team comp. She has a fairly high skill cap so you can keep on improving your mechanics with her. She also has a pretty stable lane phase as well as excellent roams. With the addition of the new item Luden's Echo Ahri has only gotten stronger! And also an extremely integral part of mid laners is mobility, of which Ahri has a shit ton.
1	If you are a high ranking challenger player with pro offers and have very little else going for you in life fucking go for it.     Most people aren't little pussies and can handle criticism on the internet or the internet would not exist.     Dude fucking chill. The insane amount of editing and over dramatization in everyone of your videos is obnoxious.     Its a once in a lifetime opportunity. You can go back to school (trust me its what I'm doing). The potential connections and enjoyment you could possibly get from being an LCS player is totally worth it.     Fucking going for it. Don't listen to this dude. Obviously don't throw away your life, but if you are a high ranking challenger player who isn't in the middle of a life changing transition, this could be your break.
1	Yes, but there are two points to this. The first is that LoL is about team cohesion, which the "sticks and stones" have a negative impact on and make it far more difficult to win. The second is that I would say that approximately 60% of my losses occur when something bad happens (be it someone dying stupidly, etc) and a person on my team starts raging and flaming instead of being constructive, at which point the game usually degenerates into one big unstoppable argument and we lose.
1	I used to say that because I can't tell you how many 2k friends of mine in S2 said they see me play n think that....but I've kinda stopped now. Partly cause im tired of repeating myself (Go figure) and partly cause of new tier system.   I believe/feel the tier system deserves to be given a shot in earnest once my pc probs are fixed before I start down that road of thought again. Mostly because I WAS gold in S2...For a time. Then right before it ended, dropped 250 points from constant feeders/trolls (Talkin 1 or 2 people a game going 1-10 or worse)...But now with tier system, I'll just work harder n if I can actually get to gold, no worries (right now) about being dropped back to silver.   Will also admit day9s approach to tiers opened my eyes recently. "Tiers are not skill, they're simply marks of progress." Especially in a genre/game like LoL with a teamwork focus, someone could easily have high level skill but not get high tiers because of poor progress rates in ranked.
0	Reflexes have a nasty habit of not adjusting to the situation. I was standing on the beach once and a girl hugged me from behind. At that time I hadn't have many girls hug me, but had trained an over-the-shoulder throw (Seoi nage) in Judo about 20 times a week for 5 years... I flipped the poor girl right over me without thinking, realised the reaction was mildly inappropriate when she was mid air and pulled back enough that she came to stand in the water up to her knees rather than landing full on her back. She never spoke to me again. In my defense, throwing her onto her back would have given a full score in a tournament, so really I was being considerate...
1	Just before that made our premade 5s rating worthless and introduced teams (not complaining it was a good move). We went and played a bunch of ranked 5's with 5 supports. Taric jungler, Sona solo top, Soraka mid and AD Janna + Alistar actual support. This was about 1800 elo   We ended up winning all 4 games and everyone was laughing, getting drunk and really having a good time.   Me less so - I had to play the real support Alistar. But still - it was great, I like being around people who're having fun.
0	I think that is one of the reasons why your early career always has one of these people. They pay crap so they only get screwups and young folks. They also terrorize their employees so people leave as soon as they can.   There is a logic though ( a fucked up kind of logic) that by paying less and getting less experience, they can undercut on bids. Also, they think they are doing the employee a favor by using drill sergeant techniques to toughen them up so they are unphased to customer abuse.   These tactics though mean you have a less valuable product and the next guy that is that employee's boss will have to repair this poor sap, as they will react in the new workplace like an abused dog.
1	This guy is right as far as I see it. An AP-Champion was never designed to deal sustained damage but to be able burst some1 so fast he can't be usefull in a teamfight. Due to AP not Scaling as hard as AD into late (an ADCarry deals the same "burst" the caster deals with his first few autos in late). Since S3 changed resistances it favors high basedamages that get combined with penetratrion and enough tankyness to do that for a looong time. The Math of this guy seem ok so far. And yes voidstaff + Sorcboots+ guise = OP dmg. What you bot don't take into credit is, that most APs add more utility to their team(e.g. Ori) than ADs(e.g. Kha'zix) and those AD's are MEELEE = easier targetable.
0	Yea, that rustled some jimmies when chrome did disallow the direct one-click installation of user scripts from other websites than their store.
0	I'll speak generally, because it can certainly vary by industry and obviously will vary based on title/level of the position.   Bad news first: Almost all positions are offered internally initially. By the time they are online for the public, the hiring manager has shown a clear need to look externally. Then it usually goes to headhunters and recruiting firms. Usually by this time, the hiring manager has been getting bombarded directly by his network.   Let's say that route is exhausted...this is incredibly rare....   The information put in the system is used by HR for filtering, but it's also stored for analytics. They or an external consultancy can track diversity, application trends, etc. The actual rÃ©sumÃ© attached to that person goes to the respective hiring manager, once it's pilfered out of the database. Cover letters are also important, as they give the perspective employer a good idea of your tone and writing skills.   The HR analyst can pick and choose from this selection, depending on the criteria that the hiring manager puts into the job posting.   The HR analyst may do some further screening, with a token phone interview, survey, personality or IQ test, etc.
1	I disagree with your point about Mercurial Scimitar, standard marksman build is boots, shiv/pd, bt/bork, whisper, inf edge + defensive, defensive being Banshee's Veil, Guardian Angel or Mercurial Scimitar rarely. Banshee's Veil isn't really too great against Zed unless you can't get someone on your team to pop it, I'll give you that (although the extra health does help) but I'd definitely argue that seeing more Merc Scimitar than GA on marksmen is better for Zed. If you run a build with crit chance then you can assassinate someone without necessarily needing the Death Mark to pop so their cleanse is useless and they're generally less resistant to you if they go Merc over GA since they have no bonus armour.   Basically, it's easier for you to chunk/kill someone who has Merc than it is to chunk/kill someone who has GA if you don't count the second activation of Death Mark and it goes without saying that it's also easier for your team to kill someone with Merc than someone with GA if they've used their cleanse on your Death Mark.
1	Each point of Armour reduces incoming damage by the same amount.....   He is still wrong, and the confusion is because Even though the damage reduction % is decreasing, each additional % reduction is worth more.   So in your example the first 50% damage reduction is exactly the same value as the next 25% damage reduction. They both increase Survivability by the same amount of time.
1	Also speaking as a jungler main, for those mid laners who dont buy a ward after your first back, you are basically screaming to get ganked.  Too many times I have seen mid laners after they back to spend all their gold on purely items when they should be (and they know they should be, but are consumed by greed) bypassing that item and getting at least 1 ward for one of the ramps.  And when I say ramps I mean the actual ramps themselves, not the mid side brushes.  Having either one of those ramps warded will help either side lanes in terms of vision control, and it annoys me to no great end that a mid laner complains about getting ganked so hard when its obvious that they haven't warded the ramps.  As a jungler, I do not mind buying ONE ward to cover the ramp that you did not ward, but to me, if you dont even bother, you are a selfish player and is undeserving of a blue buff.
1	A couple things about downvotes:     They don't mean anything. You'll lose a few karma points and your post won't appear on the "hot" page of the subreddit, but it doesn't mean anything in the long run.   Related to the first point: downvotes are nothing personal. They're not an attack on you or your content. (Unless you're some infamous player and the community has a vendetta against you this week.)   Related to point 2: Downvotes are redditors' first line of defense against content they see as lowering the quality of the subreddit. Whether it's a meme post, off-topic comment, or whatever, often the only thing someone can do is downvote. They're just trying to improve the signal-to-noise ratio and keep the subreddit a place where we can have rational, semi-intelligent discussions (and not just a one-stop shop for memes and drama like some other subreddits).
0	My husband and I had a huge nearly marriage ending blow-out once that was caused by that kind of situation.  I found a condom (still in the package) from our stash in the washing machine.  There was no reason for him to be using it outside of the house with me.  In general, we weren't really using them that often at the time, definitely not a birth control method we were using primarily enough for him to be carrying it around with him. So I got suspicious he was cheating. I checked the expiration date to match it to the remaining condoms in our drawer just to be certain that it was definitely one of ours, not just by coincidence the same kind.  It matched perfectly.   I counted the condoms and noticed it seemed there were significantly fewer in there than there should be.   We had a room mate at the time who was single.  It could have been likely he'd been in need unexpectedly and took them without mentioning it.  So I asked the room mate if he had taken any condoms out of our drawer.  It was absolutely no big deal if he had, but I totally had to know for sure if he took them.  He didn't know a thing about it.  I could tell he didn't know for real and was genuinely shocked that my ordinarily pretty damn awesome spouse (and his best friend) seemed to possibly be a cheater.   I got really pissed off and went to the bar for a few hours to clear my head and only became more certain and more angry. No one at the bar had a better explanation as to what might be up with the condoms. By the time I got home and confronted my husband and we were having a big ugly argument, my mother who had been visiting for the last couple of weeks was also back at the house.  We never fight in front of other people, but this fight was different.  This was divorce level deal breaker. It didn't matter who witnessed it.  And my mother knows better than to ever interfere with my marriage.  She knows to butt out.  But on this one, she kept feeling the need to step in and take his side.  Then I told her to stop meddling and started to kick her out of the house, and that's when she fessed up.  She was jumping in defending him because she knew he wasn't a cheat because she was the one who took the condoms.  She admitted that she had been sleeping with our room mate!  He confirmed that, and that he didn't know where the condoms came from, that she just had them.  Upon seeing the condom itself that was found in the laundry, he confirmed that he recognized the brand/style.  I nearly gave up almost a decade of happy marriage over a mix-up over someone sneaking some of my condoms.  Borrowing condoms without permission is serious business.   bold
0	I think they mean it in the Socratic sense that by admitting they know nothing they, in turn, can at least know that.This understanding of intellectual limitations makes them more intelligent than the average person by default as the average person knows nothing, but didn't even know it.
0	I get my Jack Link's Teriyaki fix for a fraction of what it used to cost thanks to Walgreens. If you become a Balance Rewards member, which is free btw, and use the $1 company coupon that is attached to the bag, you can essentially get 2 bags of 3.25 oz Jack Link's any flavor for just $6, that's $3 a bag.
1	Can we have a summary or if you want
0	While I sympathize with you that this guy is an idiot, but I really don't personally feel it is particularly mature for yourself to be falling down to his level.   I agree that /u/dramatic_explosion is a piece of shit, but you can't really change that. His opinion of Islam is wrong, and we all know it. I think it is best for you if you stop replying to his posts, and let him leave. I'm a Buddhist myself, and we both know that the conceptions this guy holds about Islam are untrue, as do hundreds of millions of peaceful Muslims and openminded westerners. We can't change that in people like this.
0	This must be the
1	Make script beforehand, it seems that you are just rambling about stuff.   Make it look interesting, for almost 3 minutes there is literally NOTHING happening on screen. Even though you might give useful informations during this time (I don't know I skipped forward, because Igot bored), noone wants to watch a still image for 3 minutes.   When you stop the vid in the middle of the game, use graphics to illustrate what you are talking about.   Make it shorter, when I see a 36 minute video whereever, I'm not really intruiged to click on it. (check out the vids of stonewall008)   make a description with timecodes so the viewer can jump to the parts he is interested in.
1	you should not be having trouble against leona as vayne.  Twitch's absolutely god-awful laning phase is offset by having the highest multi-target dps of any champion in the game.  Draven could practically be considered hyper-carry with his snowballability and can directly counter leona engages with his E.  Those champions are also designed to win lanes against lategame scaling carries, but you should be able to keep up in cs under tower if you have experience.  Not to mention you also have a support that is trying to save you constantly.
1	Agree. Will make a
0	Yeah, so, story about this.   Saturday night my friends and I went to see The Avengers. We bought our tickets early and went to get some food. We arrived at the theater expecting no line since the movie was playing every 20 minutes. Well, there was a line of about 200 people.   One of my friends who can become very easily unnoticed walks into the theater even though it says "Cleaning..." He stood by the garbage can and pretended to be on an important phone call, yelling something about mentioning a code three times. The people cleaning didn't want to bother him. They eventually left, and we got the best seats in the theater. :)
0	Had to drop it last semester for personal reasons and this profiessor made it so much more challenging and gave a ridiculous amount of assignments. I even had to quit my job to be able to finish the class. Great quality professor though.
0	One explanation:   When I was a kid, around 5 years old, I just KNEW that racism was logically wrong. How can one judge based on skin color? It didn't make sense. My parents were semi-racist (not hateful but would make racist remarks and judgments) and I knew it didn't make sense.   Now that I'm older. I know it doesn't make sense. However, it's not that simple.     You interact with more people. You see different things and you start making judgment. It's no longer a "clean slate" anymore. You have past experiences that you based your judgments on. It's human nature     There is a correlation between race and other factors such as culture, socioeconomic background, etc. This is mainly where stereotypes come from. Imagine: You're a taxi driver in Harlem at 2am. You see a guy walking down the street who is black and is wearing baggy pants. He hails at you. A block away you see a white man in a polo and khakis who also hails at you. Is it racist to drive past the black man to pick up the white man? Is it reasonable? As a taxi driver your life may be at stake for every passenger you pick up. Hence, you grasp onto any advantage you have based on stats or past experience or anecdotes. Statistically, you are more likely to be robbed by a black person than a white person in Harlem (reasons are many, some of which are socioeconomic reasons). His clothes may show his background; it may hint that he is poor. You don't want to be a racist but on a dark, isolated street you know that statistically, picking this person up may lead to more dangerous results. You've heard about anecdotes of fellow taxi drivers being robbed by black men. Even though it's racist to deny the black man service, is it reasonable?       Arguably yes. When your life is at stake, you must do whatever you can to get any statistical advantage you can. It's "racist" but there is a basis for it. However, at what cost? The social cost here is huge. For every extra % of survival you get, a black person is being denied service. Aggregating this behavior, you get a massive effect that is aggravated further by this.   This is the danger of stereotypes. Even if there is a basis for them (and most of the time, there is), acting upon it aggravates the circumstances and imposes a huge social cost.   We don't recognize the social cost. A lot of us are racist and justify it by saying "what? It's true. X people do this kind of thing all the time." It may be, and there may be certain times when making judgments based on race is arguably more justified (extreme examples: racial profiling for terrorist suspects) (note: "arguably" justified). However, many stereotypes and prejudgments are not justified. It's understandable that we subconsciously or even consciously have them since it's human nature to adapt to information around us. However, we should not act or judge based on race. Many who claim they aren't "racist at all" are those who manage to push past these stereotypes to judge beyond the superficial and give each individual a chance.
1	I had a very similar experience, except it was my friend who ks'd my penta. We were playing 5s in normal queue and I was adc Ashe. At some point we were pushing mid and I was just sitting back during a team fight auto-attacking. Enemy has been slain... Double Kil... Triple kill... QUADRA Kill... and there last person was running back behind their inhib turret with like 1000 health. Our cho hits a Q, I auto-attack, and then  FEAST he ksed my penta when I was one or two auto attacks away. I was so pissed I sold all my items and just got max CDR and AP so I'd just spam arrows every 40 seconds for the rest of the game.
0	keeping donald sterling is bad for overall NBA bussiness. it's all about the money. if what he did did not have the potential to impact NBA revenues, the penalty would not have been that extreme. but if the NBA did not react the way it did, this could have turned off a lot of people from watching the NBA, even boycotting it causing them to lose a lot of money. this is a very calculated move by the nba to protect their revenue. all owners are unted in going against sterling as they all want to protect the bottom line. it's different with players, fans see players more as individuals, but an owner... they somewhat represents the whole league. players commiting crimes do not have the potential to impact NBA earnings as much as what sterling did.   the NBA may come off as doing the right thing here, but in the end, it's all about protecting their money. which is not so bad as it's like hitting two brids with one stone- protecting their revenues while coming off as doing the right thing.
1	This is not fully acceptable for soloq though. In team games the main problem is teammates (or thoughts about teammates). Anxiety is kinda mind problem and people are just trying to convience themselves in soloq that they are not making mistakes/are better than teammates/can see others mistakes way better etc.   On the other hand chatting is creating even more problems with anxiety. For example simple "gj" makes you feel better while creating some kind of anxiety and adrenaline outload. Being watched in the game is the key factor. So even if you made yourself comfortable before the game with advices from the article it would be hard to stay calm during the game.   SC2 is more SOLO game than LoL. It means you can easily make yourself ok with YOURSELF. But when u r playing with living people and have some responsibility for your do's it is quite different story.
1	As good as that might seem for you, sit-ups are really bad for your back and the push-ups... if you play as much LoL as I do, your arms are going to be tired as fuck after like 3 days...   You should do muscle build up one day, cardio the other, or something along those lines. Doing 100 + push-ups a day is REALLY not the smartest idea.   Also, how muscle grows is that it tears whilst you work out, and then when it grows back it grows back larger and stronger. If you don't give your body a rest, it will continue to tear and you could do some serious injury to yourself.
1	I'm gonna tell you a story. I've been playing Alistar since beta, ~April of  '09. When May of '09 rolled around, Riot nerfed the crap out of Alistar (he was literally god). Up until the remake, (in 2011) they dished out nerf after nerf after nerf. Even though they did some QOL stuff, Alistar was considered "garbage".   I was playing Alistar every game. I fucking loved it, and I was passionate about it. Inevitably, I had some fuckwit(s) on my team every game that would say "wtf ali pick omg stupid fucken trol i hope u die". These people pissed me off (which is why I took pleasure in trolling them on the league forums with nerds like SlyGoat and Kama Toki, way back when).   Alistar was remade on April 26th, '11. The novelty of playing an under-used and under-appreciated champion was suddenly erased. W>Q combo was easy as pie. His ratios were broken at the time, so everyone and their mom were using him. If I picked him in a game, suddenly I'm not a "fucken noob troller" because "omfg we get ali gg we win".   Moral of the story? Sheep will be sheep. Yes, there will be a lot of people that will have the Karma skin not because they play(ed) her, but because the remake got leaked. Yes, some of these people are the fuckwits who report you for "nobo troller krama pik". Perhaps Karma will be OP after the remake. Maybe these people will start playing her and thinking they're the best Karma. Point is - fuck them. No one likes them. They'll forget Karma even exists because another Akali/Teemo skin will go on sale.
1	Except it's not all about Ranked. 90% of mids in Normals take Ignite. Flash is hardly a noteworthy counter, especially when he has one too. Two Champions existing that can deal with his ult with their own does not mean that he's perfectly fine. There's 120+ other Champions in the game. HG and QSS do counter him later on in the game, but he can still make any Champion his bitch in lane. Seeker's Armguard helps defensively, but most Champions don't WANT to buy that first but Zed forces them to, so their offensive capabiltiy of actually killing him is lower than it would be in lane because they don't get the luxury of super early Chalice all of the time.   You're right about any type of CC though, and guess what? That 1 second delay on his shadow? That's the window for that CC to be used. Before his mobility made it a lot more difficult.
0	me and my cousin were doing a stupid vlog documentary about being a loser...funny thing is, his vision kept constantly changing, and his thirst for water increased...we later found out he was diabetic. When he came home with his list of diabetic symptoms he said there an read them off while i was reviewing the video...they matched up perfectly it was scary.
0	As a self described libertarian fuck, why don't you learn what libertarians are about before you open your cum receptacle. Libertarians don't care whether the recipients of benefits are lazy or not, truly can't work or just fat shits who's disabilities stem from their life choices. Our issue with these benefits are that they required one group to be FORCED to pay them. Libertarianism centers around the NAP and that is our basis of opposing gov benefits, not some unthought out notion that the recipients are lazy. Working with disabled people however noble you think it is, does not make you more qualified to determine public policy.
0	Such a kind soul. I'm more of an upvote things I haven't seen before or find interesting and downvote all the stuff I've seen before or don't.   This applies to 8 hours later when my upvote turns into a downvote because something popular I upvoted on the frontpage still sits at the top. Even going to smaller subreddits when people give free upvotes or the users don't downvote bad content because they don't want to hurt the subreddit.   Then again, I'm not quite addicted enough to spend my time on /r/new either so when I check reddit again hours later I'm wading through half the same content and an orange or blue arrow helps me browse all that much easier.
0	I'm actually called AssRaptorz because of a 1980s buddy cop movie about a hard-boiled detective who also happens to be a velociraptor. His favorite food is a big juicy ass; it's his one weakness. Then his whole world gets turned upside down when he loses his partner during a shoot out and meets his new partner: a rookie with a heart of gold and dreams of actually making a difference in this crime-ridden old city. The only problem is...he's an ass. A giant talking ass. Wackiness ensues.   Will our protagonist succumb to his primal raptor urges and devour his partner, or will the power of friendship conquer all?
0	So? I'm saying this as someone who has backed dozens of Kickstarters. It's a transaction. I want this product or project to happen, and if I give them money, they give me something back.   I guess you can call it a charity because I'm generally giving them more money then whatever the thing they're giving me is worth - that's just expected.   But, they are asking for this money so they can keep doing what they are doing - so they can make this thing. Fundraising for NPR and the like is the same thing - they are asking for money so they can keep doing what they're doing.   I view charity as giving to help the needy. Giving to homeless shelters, to people buying toys for children in hospitals, for people trying to end domestic abuse, for trying to cure cancer. Charity is a word you use when you are giving to someone who is trying to make the world a better place, and you give out of benevolence and the kindness of your heart.   Kickstarter is giving to a comic book artist so they can make a comic book. It's giving to a writer so they can write a book. It's giving to a director to make a movie - it's giving to a cook so they can make jelly. It's giving to an inventor trying to reinvent the smart watch. It's giving money to someone so they can use it for their own ends, and make more money off of it.   Giving to a kickstarter so someone will make something I want to see them make isn't me being charitible, it's inwardly selfish: I want this thing, so here is money for this thing.
0	As long as we're bragging about AP scores, my greatest triumph was scoring a 5 on the English Comp exam, so I didn't have to take any English courses in college and what's more, I didn't even take the English Lit exam because it wouldn't have given me any more transfer credit.
0	Of course they care enough about oil not to go spilling it around purposely with malicious intent, that's their profit so long as it's in control. The problem comes when, and you seem to ignore, oil  is  spilled: from that moment on, that oil is only going to cost them money, and they care not for it - even to the point of neglectfully "managing" the process.   They'd leave it where it dropped in a heartbeat if they thought for a split second that they could. That is, to me, "maliciously trying to destroy the environment" (not just by shirking responsibility, it's bad enough to have the mindset of doing whatever you could to shirk responsibility).
1	I do not use Wikipedia for any researches because discussion (talk) pages are clunky and inefficient, trying to reuse the generic page editing approach for a multithreaded discussion. It may be possible to use it effectively, but it is very difficult to discover how to do so. Perhaps discussion forums would be a better method to talk about articles and their content.   And articles and sections of articles written by people with an agenda of their own, people with their own little preoccupations and obsessions, which dominate their contributions and make them one-sided and unreliable. This kind of problem is likely to be greatest with controversial topics, for example, in articles on politics, ideologies and religion. Nevertheless, some contributors may turn other, seemingly uncontroversial topics into a battlefield.
1	Attention fellow summoners please spend wisely take into account skin you already own so you spend it efficiently, a lot of these skins seem really cool because of their rarity but if they were always avaialbe would you want to buy it?
1	Not an Edward fanboy, but one score doesn't really prove much,especially when considering a support player in a losing team.   I give you that his level of play is mediocre lately,indeed, but Genja doing nothing at all and Diamond picking every jungler out there while not managing to get a single lane going isn't helping.
1	I will probably get flamed for this but here I go... There's nothing wrong with the ELO system... Its flawless in terms of representing your soloQ skill. The thing is you have to play at least some games... It took me almost 500 games to get plat season 2. But generally anything under 1500 I found EXTREMELY easy to win... You don't wanna focus on how stupid your mates are (after all you're at their elo.... so yeah...) You can pick whatever and wreck everyone with a semi-decent mechanical skills of the game.... I get its frustrating to play with people that are worse but if you can't handle it you don't deserve to win... At some point I even tried to add these "elohell" guys... they were bad... all of them.... either having a lot of kills but flaming their team or just being terrible....
0	I made the mistake of correcting someone about their grammar. Then someone corrected my correction and reddit went insane. I was right the whole time.
1	What about pairing people with other people in Promo's? Would this be too difficult in higher Elo's? Maybe make it for the normal ranks, but don't force it on Master/Challenger Promo because queue times would be rediculous. I feel like there are enough people in promo's at all times, maybe aside from D2-1?   I think being paired with other people that are 2/2 in their series just like you, would make it feel very competetive and might even encourage teamwork.   I understand this might add complications, but can someone tell me why it would be bad? (Doesn't have to be socrates who responds.)
1	As you likely know, Kindlegem's cost was unintentionally changed to 950g in the recent patch. It was recently reduced to 850g again in a hotfix.   Anyway, you know this stuff. What I am getting at is that your problem sounds similar to a problem encountered by some players when Frozen Mallet was changed. Similarly I believe Phage's cost was reduced and people would report buying it only for it to disappear from their inventory (the same bug you had).   This was apparently caused by the patch not going though correctly on all of the servers. I'm not talking about NA vs EUW, KR etc. Servers as in the specific server that hosts your particular game within the broader server you are on.   Maybe the same thing happened here and the patch did not go though fully? If more posts like this exist and it seems to be a wide spread problem, Riot can likely fix it the same way they fixed the last one.   The only thing that seems weird here is that this hasn't come up sooner. The phage changes were noticed almost instantly. It may have just been a bug on your end?
1	play some kind of meta that means no karthus adc and caitlyn top but u can play what u good at if u rly good at urgot and liking him then pikc him play him u can do good so basically always play waht u like and good at it!
0	I had a one-night stand a couple of years ago and a mutual friend told me that she (the one-night stand) was pregnant! Needless to say I stalked her profile near the due date to make sure it wasn't mine. I was so relieved when the baby looked nothing like me  whew
0	My take on the matter is this: there is very little American patriotism. Too often, all of the people I have met who do not speak English are extremely patriotic for their country of origin. My take on the matter is yes, bring your culture, and mix it into US. But leave your nation behind. If your nation is so great, why did you leave and come here? We are a nation of immigrants, yes. But we are also a nation of immigrants who left their country because it was not the vision they hoped. They came to this one to continue the American Dream.   I love foreign languages, and have already starting working on being fluent in German, French, Spanish, and Chinese. If I go to those countries, you damn well know I'm adding myself to their culture, not forcing them to adopt to mine. Unfortunately, now we have people living here who 1.) do not care about the betterment of America, 2.) do not even bother to learn the language of the people living here, but instead force others to learn their native language (which too many feel-good PC pseudo hippies are willing to comply with), 3.) cause (at least where I'm from) legal and social problems.
1	Well, the thing is as follows: If you keep loosing in silver5, you will not drop, but you WILL loose MMR. And when you do that, you will gradually get paired with worse and worse players. After a while, you will get to your level of skill, and when you win games, you will earn MMR again. The problem you take up is the +4-20 problem, but it has nothing at all to do with your teams skill, that is simply YOUR skill measured against your placement. And you will probably stay at silver 5 0lp and play against your bronze3, and then gradually get to bronze2 and so on. Until the very day you have learnt to play at a competetive level matching silver 5. Once you are there (both skill and therefore also MMRwise) you will get your 20lps for winning, and keep climbing.
1	Genja definitely meshes well with his team-mates with the aggressive play style.   Darien on the other hand is actually undervalued IMO. I think part of what they mean when they say they're happy when he doesnt feed is due to his play style. What happens in Darien's lane is typically that he gets 1 gank if any and its usually early. After Darien gets an advantage, or even if he doesn't, the rest of his team can leave him on an island and he can usually hold his own, even if he squeaks by. All the while his team pressures elsewhere and the enemy usually sends the jungle and/or mid to pressure Darien even more.   I'm not saying that Darien is always on an island or that he is always being camped. What I am saying is that when those situations occur, he is remarkably good at holding on just enough to keep pressure in his lane while getting enough farm to make sure his utility champion can make a bigger impact in the team fight stage.
1	Nintendude, I've never watched you stream and I've only seen you play a few games. I can say that it's immediately obvious that you're an incredibly skilled individual with his heart in the right place.   You've come so far in League and so many people dedicate hours of their lives to watch and cheer you on. Even when you walk away from the game, you can take all of that with you. Meanwhile, the trolls are just horrible human beings 24/7 - they don't stop being trolls when they leave the computer. Try to think about that sometime!
1	Straight talk, despite the fact that she's now one of the least played champions and sees very little use competitive she's still good.  As in, if you knew how to play her when she was imba OP you can still beat people in lane and in mid-late game with her assuming they aren't way stronger than you.   I think her biggest problem is that now there are champions who burst harder than her (they already did when she was OP) and there are champions that can zone better than her (Ahri, Xerath).  I think she could stand to have a  slight  buff to either her range or damage but otherwise she's still good.  Her problem just lies in the fact that there are too many APs that do the job of bursting, zoning, and initiating better than her but I can't think of any AP carry in the game that offers as much utility as Orianna does.
0	I quit my job to pursue my life dream of living in Australia.   I had very little money but I did have a friend living there who could give me accommodation for a few months.   After moving there I got myself a working holiday visa and started working.   After working for a while my boss offered to give me a work visa.   I turned him down and instead moved to Japan to be with my girlfriend who helped me get a cheap apartment and a culture visa that allowed me to work part time.   After working part time (and some extra off the books) we got married and I got a spouse visa.  I  then got a legitimate full time job.   After working full time for a few years I got a permanent residency visa and bought a house.   I am now fully settled in my new country and I don't regret a single thing.   Sure, I spent many years living in limbo, not knowing where I would end up. But I took the risk and it payed off.   You DON'T need a lot of money to make a big change in your life.  You DO need a bigger than average pair of balls to take a risk and hope for the best.   It is way too easy to sit in your comfortable little bubble whining that you don't have enough money to change your life.   It's far more rewarding to go out on a limb and gamble that safe life for something better.
0	Last night I fell asleep installing Cyanogen10 Mod ROM on my S3. Well, i was so tired I forgot to wipe the cache, so the boot loading screen just cycled all night. The back was off my phone to do a battery pull 5 minutes earlier. I fell asleep. Long story short, I woke up at 6:30 this morning to a battery frying my arm. No OS installed on my phone, still wakes me up at the right time.
0	Story time:   While I was in High School in California, we had something called "History Day" projects, where in Sophomore year (World History) we did a project that was similar to a science fair, but on a historic event.   The history teachers chose the best few, and the best of each school went on to District, where the best went to Regional, and so on, up to State.   I chose the Tuskegee Airmen, and even interviewed a few who had made a local appearance for the project. It was  legit .   I made it to District, and they had three to five judges going project to project asking questions about it, making sure you knew what you were talking about.   One of the judges at District was this  OLD  white dude. While the group of judges were quizzing me about my project and the  Tuskegee Airmen  and everything they went through, this old white dude chimes in with: " I was there, it wasn't that bad. We had a few black people in our unit and they were treated fine. It wasn't as bad as they say ."   Needless to say, I didn't make it to the Regional competition.
0	That's incredibly stupid. They're forcing people who don't need to come to class every day to pass.. to go anyway, for what? Some people have jobs, or kids, or health problems.. I balanced a lot of shit on my way to graduating college, managed Bs and Cs by following the syllabus and figuring out which classes are actually difficult and which ones i only need to show up for if there's a test. The school and most of my professors were cool with it as long as I got the work done. In all those four years, only one professor failed me for excessive absences, she said i had a C but too many misses knocked me down to a 52%. It was a "diversity" elective I was forced to take, the entire subject is mostly just rehashed poly sci. material, so to me it was waste of money, but easy pass right? Without warning, she let me know i was failing badly and acted like me not showing up was disrespectful, so hurting her feelings cost me thousands of dollars and almost forced me to drop out. You fat, ugly, pompous, fraud, scumbag.. all responses running through my head as I walked out of her office, well aware there's no recourse I could take in this case and hurling insults would only confirm her assumption that I'm just some punk. I'm far from the only person who practiced this, everyone knows grades get you nothing in the real world, just the degree. My point is, colleges and professors who absent fail people are treating them like children and possibly ruining lives. They think they're standing up against slackers, but really they're wasting a lot of students time and just fucking people over. More people need to check ahead when applying to colleges for this crap because they don't deserve your money.
0	Personally, I would love to see a plan to fundamentally raze Detroit, reallocate the residents, wipe out the political system, and rebuild from the ground up.   It is my understanding that the potential tax base of Detroit is too small to support the budget required to provide basic City Services to the residents.  Too much area, not enough population density, not enough tax payers above the median income level.   In its current state of decline, Detroit is trying to operate as a city without the upper two-thirds of the socioeconomic scale.
0	Well the easiest way is to just add 10%.  Most places have a rate that hovers around there (low end is usually somewhere around 5-6% high around 10-12% I believe) so you'll be save a majority of the time.   Also, if you buy enough, you learn the taxes quickly.  For example, my area has a 7.6% tax so I usually just add 76 cents to every 10 dollars.   Finally, there are a LOT of credit card holders in the US.   According to the Federal Reserve  are done with credit or debit cards (and that number has been rising steadily).  So a LOT of Americans pay with Credit/debit and don't care how much they are paying... this is especially true for "hard to calculate" purchases like gas, groceries, large food bills (i.e. restaurants).
1	Riven is a hypercarry fighter. As long as she's allowed to move and keep using rotations of her spells with max cdr she's incredibly effective. She has great sustained damage cause of her passive and incredible burst when she 's able to use her full rotation without having to waste more than a q or an e to gapclose. She's all about spacing tbh. Her gapclosers while many are linear and predictable and thats why she's only highly impactful in teamfights when her flash is up unless she gets a really good flank off or comes in late for the cleanup.   Targetted CC and mobile mids/adcs are her bane.   If you die to a riven as say.. leblanc or say.. corki, its cause you mispositioned and deserve to die, or got outplayed cause she flashed on you or jumped over a wall on top of you without you knowing.   Riven is perfectly balanced both in and out of lane. She loses virtually every top lane matchup on paper (at least those relevant in the meta both in competitive and soloq). She's a high skillcap champion that has outplay potential and if someone masters her they are able to do so consistently (aka more often than not), that doesn't make her op or broken. she has strengths and weaknesses.   tips in
1	I was so proud of Dig in their latest match against Curse, normally I look at teams and say "same old, same old, a Jarvan here, a Vayne there, what's new?". I'm plat 2 but I just play the game, it's been a long time since I've looked at other people's builds or tried to read up on how to play a champion, so you could say I'm very game knowledge light. Anyway, in my mind there are tanky comps, squishy comps, poke comps, split push comps and that's about it. But lately Dig seem to be refining their team comps after almost every match, my favourite was what they took against Curse. In the past they used squishy dive / assassination teams (one or two assassins, Aatrox, TF etc.), but they learned that they need a bit of tankiness, so they picked up Zac, and he fits them like a glove (even if his long dives seem to be a bit too tempting). They also put Graves on the side burner and picked up blue Ez, who did a TON for their comp; he stalled with Iceborn, he allowed chases with it as well (which Dig love), he gave them much needed poke, and most importantly of all, he gave them vision.   In the past Dig's squishy team comps meant that when they fell behind they had to give up dragons, and sometimes barons, as it was simply too risky to go and check the cleared bushes. In the Curse match they used Ez's Qs to check bushes, and his ults to keep track of the enemy team, check baron and scare the enemy team off of it, it was even used to give Scarra vision so he could keep split pushing as Zed! Elise was also used as part of a vision comp, with her Volatile Spiderling used to check more bushes, finally, Zed could do the same with his shadow. That really opened my eyes to how important vision can be in the game, and Dig have incorporated it into one of their team comps exceptionally well. I hope to keep seeing similar things from them, and I've said it before, but I respect Dig for trying to play their own game (dive heavy, assassin driven teams), instead of jumping just grabbing the top picks and playing a standard game like everyone else. All the best Dig.
0	Know who makes things more unsafe than 10mph over speeding drivers?  APPREHENSIVE DRIVERS.  Fuck those people seriously.   If you don't know how to use acceleration lanes, merge, turn right on red, turn left without pussing out in the middle of the intersection to a symphony of horns, pass a truck on the left, NOT HIT YOUR BRAKES EVERY .01 MILES...etc...  You shouldn't have been given a license to begin with and I request that you turn it in immediately.   I also fucking hate speeding excessive weavers too,  just to be fair.  They're the fucking worst.   Speed... Don't be a dick.
1	TELL ME WHAT IT WAS.   SOMEONE PLS.
1	I'm getting 26 Points in Silver 1, while I'm playing with Gold3-PlatV Guys. It doesn't really motivate me to play, when my MMR is actually a lot higher than my Tier, because I still have to win 4-5 Times per Division+2-3 Promo Games. Obviously, I'm losing some Games so I have to play quite a lot to get on my MMR-Level.
1	Carrying our team, then thump thump in the entryway. My drunk neighbor was dropped off at my house by a cab driver who took her phone because she puked in his cab. She was 6ft from her house and she didn't know where she was. She didn't have her keys and I was debating about to letting her stay when she passed out and was not waking up. Had to call dispatch to help her to detox and maybe get her phone back. They could not wake her almost had to call an ambulance for a stomach pump. Eventually their sternum rub woke her up and she left with them. Long night Haha.
0	I knew this couple, both were rather large. For one reason or another I didn't see the wife for about 5 weeks, and when I did, she had lost a TON of weight. I told her she looked great and she replied "Well it's a really stressful time in my life right now". I had known that they were having some difficulties in their marriage but didn't know how bad it was. They split up about 6 weeks later, and she immediately started dating again (long before the divorce was finalized). I found out about a month later that she had gastric bypass, and was telling everyone she lost the weight because of the stress of her impending divorce. She still says the same thing jow if you ask her.
1	I feel like Yi is fine i dont even play him, but i dont really fear him either. I dont know i always play our teams tank so i usually just cc him or tell my team to burst him down before he can do anything.   You should have enough dmg to kill him in seconds and then burst down the next high value target, especially if it was a Yi jungle his over all gold and therefore items should be low, again making him a easy target to pick off.
0	Seriously. If it's not something you'd be comfortable saying in front of your grandparents you should assume it's not something regular society wants to have to deal with.   I swear way too much and it's brought home everytime i'm around my grandparents. That guys is a ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffreaking joke! Seriously though what a ddddddddddddddd--aaaaahhhhhhhh----annoying person!
0	Everybody did (French planes, American bombs, Soviet Tanks), since it was the Iran-Iraq war that drove weapons purchases. Iran was seen as needing a counter-weight, since it was viewed as a religious extremist state, much like how the Taliban were viewed when they were still in power in Afghanistan. If we really look at the history of the region, it's been a revolving door of the French, British and Russians for most of the early 20th century, and the Americans coming in mid-century with the 1953 Iran coup (which set off the religious backlash that led to the 1980 revolution).
1	Now I feel like a jackass, I just know that there was a lot of attention on a post that mentioned the servers being currently moved to St. Louis due to jobs opening up at that office, which were denied by a Riot employee. Since that post was so recent I thought maybe you two hadn't revisited it since the Riot employee responded.
1	It  happens  but its not the normal situation.  If Irelia gets to back for sheen+ before Rumble gets haunting guise/seekers she can come back and win off of the power spike.  I don't honestly remember the last time that I saw a Rumble lose lane to Irelia in a 1v1 when she wasn't abusing one of her usual all in timings, and where Rumble decided to greedlord after pushing her out/killing her.  There's no lane matchups where its  impossible  for Irelia to win, simply because her kit is so good at forcing all ins with her equilibrium strike, but there are some champions like Rumble who are less susceptible to her cheese and can force her out of lane earlier than she would like.   Since games winning as Rumble is all about slowing down enemy power spikes so that he has the freedom to roam/group.  If you pick someone self sufficient enough that Rumble can't push them out of lane without a good amount of jungle pressure, i.e. he can't win an all in once he hits level 6, then Rumble isn't going to fulfill his main win condition, which is to group up and separate enemy teams with his ult.   As far as the laning phase goes, Rumble wins trades by abusing how Riot coded drawing minion aggro.  Since minions don't aggro enemy champions unless they're     A) the only possible target     B) auto attacking an allied champion       Rumble is able to sit in the middle of a wave and spam abilities without having to worry about taking additional damage from creeps.  As a result, Rumble wins most 1 on 1 trades in lane if he is able to bait the enemy champion into auto attacking to trade damage.  In cases like that, Rumble with be dealing damage with his abilities as well as his creep wave, and has a shield to mitigate whatever damage the enemy tries to put back towards him.  Beating Rumble therefore relies on either clearing the minion wave faster than he can (thereby forcing him to draw minion aggro himself) or by mitigating/sustaining through enough of his damage that his trading pattern becomes irrelevant.  Rumble also has significant problems with early farming on tower, doubling the effect of champions who can out push him.  Below are some survivable-strong picks for laning into Rumble  without  having to rely on jungle pressure to win the lane.     Sion is a good choice because he wins trades in much the same way.  If Rumble walks up for a trade, Sion just pops roar of the slayer, shields. and max charges Q.  Since Sion will do mixed damage, as well as %hp if he pops his shield, it is very hard for Rumble to itemize against, whilst Sion simply rushes banshee's/visage.  At level 6 Rumble does have kill potential in this lane, as always, but Sion can simply shield and ult out if necessary, ignoring the slows from electro harpoon and equalizer, thereby denying Rumble the majority of his DoT potential from ult and from Liandry.     Maokai works because Rumble's ability spam actually  sustains  Maokai, due to his sap magic passive.  Once Maokai hits level 6 these trades swing more heavily in Maokai's favor because he drops a % of Rumble's damage outright, and then uses the absorption to hit back harder the longer that Rumble tries to fight him.  Rumble can win this lane with an all in after grabbing haunting guise & sorc boots, however.     Dr. Mundo can work as he has a strong all in timing at level 2-3 to kill Rumble or force him out of lane.  The key here is to start with a ruby & 2 pots, and farm to level 3 irrespective to Rumble's harass.  Poke Rumble with cleavers whenever possible.  The plan is to keep him at mid hp/chugging potions so that you can all in after grabbing E at level 3.  Since it gives Dr. Mundo +40 AD base, and +1 AD/% missing hp (can you say 1 point wonder) any and all harass Rumble did early on acts as a boost to your damage when you force an extended trade.  As Rumble can't out damage you when your E is activated (even if you're auto attacking him in his minion wave), and the duration on his speed boost and slows are too short to compete with the perma slow from cleavers, Rumble will be forced to flash out or Dr. Mundo WILL kill him.  It's a very simple all in to manage, and it isn't as dependent on an item timing like Irelia's or Jax's against him, so it's much harder for the enemy jungler to compensate for and plan a counter engage around.  If the Rumble player is experienced enough, he will start with harpoon or shield and farm at distance waiting for jungle pressure to force you off.  As long as you don't die or flash away from a gank in this case, you will still win lane off of built in sustain.     Gnar is a good choice as he has strong ranged farming, and can all in trade Rumble very easily once he has a point in each ability.  It is very difficult for Rumble to survive 2-3 procs of hyper early on, and Gnar can keep popping into lane brush to drop minion aggro after he lands an auto attack for the passive proc.  Gnar can also fight Rumble directly when he goes mega because the bonus stats help to mitigate the impact of 3-4 minion autos from a full 6-7 creep (if cannon) wave.  A good Rumble will pop Q and W before you stun with wallop, but your skills do significantly more damage for the CD time they incur, and you can simply break off the engage and then fight again once your skills are back up.     Yorick.... Its Yorick.  He can force Rumble out with abilities exclusively, and he sustains heavily off of his harass.     Morgana is a pretty solid counter to Rumble because her trading pattern is very similar to his, however, her kit is explicitly designed to beat up on other mages.  Since Morgana's tormented soil clears full minion waves with just a few points and 80-100ish AP, she can take away his ability to fight within minion waves, thereby opening him up to free auto attack harass.  If Rumble steps out of position, her bind can heavily punish him with the long cc duration and upfront burst.  Finally, lane Morgana builds enough AP that her black shield becomes a very effective trading tool against other AP mages.  Once she has morello's & lucidity boots the CD discrepancy between her shield and Rumble's is greatly reduced, and she can win trades off of the higher AP ratio on her shield (10-30% depending on if he is above 50 heat or not).  She also has built in spell vamp, making it even harder for Rumble to win any kind of trade against her in lane.
0	Only a SS if she finds out. What she doesn't know can't hurt you. As for showing it's just a guy thing like watch sports or thinking you're a more awesome driver than your are. It's a competition thing and the picture is just for proof. Like when you meet a celebrity you can tell people all you want but pictures are more convincing. It's less about the actual girl and more about the proof that you in fact did get some. The difference is if shes someone you're friends see daily then the picture does become about the girl. If she's a co-worker or in the group of friends it is a bit douchey since she will probably get looks and people will hint or even change their perception of her thus treating her differently. If shes some random that most of your friends probably don't know then they'll probably forget what she looked like by lunch time.
0	I am not advocating for anything.  While it is true that the dog would likely receive better health benefits with a real family,  I was stating that the bond between the two does exist which helps them support the other and gives the other a sense of security and self-being (whereas the alternative would be having the 2 walking around the streets alone with absolutely no one to look out for them)
0	Don't know what else to tell you. It turned to long distance relationship after like half a year or a year I'm not sure anymore (her parents moved to another country). So that was pretty lame. Constant jealousy and mistrust to the point that I didn't go out anymore. Some kind of weird games trying to make me jealous too. I remember how miserable it felt this one time where I went out, and people were so happy to hang out with me again, she calls and hears some music in a cafe or bar (people don't check IDs where we lived) and thinks I'm in a club cheating on her and gets all pissed off.   I had options, which is the most annoying thing about it. I could have cheated on her if I wanted to, but I didn't. Instead I went ahead with long distance after such a short time at such an age when everyone around me told me she was a bit of a bitch. I guess I didn't want to break up with her just because she's leaving and felt it was a douchy thing to do. Eventually we broke up because we both got tired, but we were still talking rarely. A month later she starts talking to me about her new boyfriend, and how they started dating after having sex in his car. Was so uncomfortable to hear, but I end ask her how long they've been together and she says two months. Put two and two together and realize she kept me for that last month just to make sure her new relationship will prosper. Deleted her off MSN and started listening to bands like "Hatebreed" or whatever else helped me get my aggression out for about half a year.   I haven't dated anyone since then and am not exactly burning with the desire to do so either (I'm 23 now).   After all this shit my friends sung an altered version of "Scotty doesn't know" Which was pretty funny
0	are you fucking kidding me? are you just purposely misreading what this guy is saying? That was a description of how bad it was
1	i think its hilarious that like 75% of the people posting in this discussion are from dota players. so heres my 2 cents   1). this is in china. we dont really care about what happens (esports wise) in china like the dota players. they have their own thing going on their end with lol tourney/tencent, and the na/eu/garena all have their own scenes.   2). this is TENCENT in china. again noone here knows/follows what tencent does, and even more importantly, noone here can stop the way they do things over there.   3). stop being butthurt over a tourney that everyone said sucked. if wcg improves, its because of the money tencent brought in alongside lol's popularity. from a business perspective, it is normal to not subsidize a competitor.
1	Damn, I get on to check reddit, and my inbox broke... As far as everyone in here arguing that bot would get zoned, it went something like this.   Morde would e-q combo his lane, and all the creeps would die, instantly. When they would go in for their wombo combo, he'd start to pull back, and I (j4) would e-q into the ad carry, pop my heal, and we'd beat them back off. Again, Those early levels are HUGE, one of my inspirations for this was the chinese team (can't remember their name) that focused on having the strongest early game possible.   I took this a step further. Sure, a strong level 1 comp is nice, but how about a strong 1-7 team? All I heard from IEM kiev was once you snowball, you can really just carry that to late game for the win. With that in mind, having junglers that are the same level as their bot lane at any given moment, and having all three of your solos being 2-3 levels higher than them  does  give you an advantage, like it or not.   Moreso, what is a graves/taric combo to do when they're both level 4, fighting a level 7 morde, and a lvl 4 j4? Sure, graves has a lot of cs, but morde and j4's combined is almost double is. In every way, I see this current meta as a hinderence towards the idea of "Oh yea, here's that one guy who sits bot and doesn't acquire farm all game".   What happens when we remove that element? Willfully crippling one hero for the sake of another should be punished, and that was my entire aim throughout this.
0	Former satellite-service customer service (retention) agent here.   If the cable companies were anything like us (they probably were)...  We were  required  to say anything and everything we were capable of saying to keep the account.  If they were doing their job, they would've qualified the extra dollars with something that the other service didn't provide.  Better quality, connection, customer service, packages that you'd like better, etc.  They'd be hard-selling you until the last possible minute or until you ask for a supervisor.  I've even had old co-workers look at the setup of their account, and if they had bad credit during the account set-up, they'd use that.  "Why would you move to a different company when you'd just have to spend money on deposits all over again?"  Customer retention was key.
1	This one time in solo queue, when our Jungler (Lee) wanted to do dragon - we pushed 2 towers instead. We lost the teamfight for dragon after that and Lee went all angry on us and decided to feed (we were like 20-10 before). We needed like 20 minutes to convince Lee, that we can still win if he stops feeding. So when we were 40 min in, Lee solo'd the Dragon and after that we won.
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends.   I haven't been streaming often finding quite hard to stream when no one is watching but will be strongly motivated as more people come! When I do stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   1 of my streams in a nutshell
0	Stop. Wait a minute. I am no Hillary fan, but I am also no Jeb Bush fan. You are clearly creating a false dichotomy while co-opting America's beloved green frog. There are many other options in the whole political spectrum besides Billary and Jebediah, and I wholeheartedly encourage all of Reddit and all of the legal voting people of the US to find a candidate that reflects their views as to where this nation should be going.
0	I was in grade school during the 90's. One day we were playing 7 Up and I was one of the people walking around the class. I noticed that one kid was wearing those swish-y style warm up pants. I figured everyone would try to ID him by the pants sound, so I got my Adidas jacked from the wall and swung my arms to simulate the sound. I fully succeeded and got to play again.
0	I fully appreciate that if you lost a dog, that would not mean as much to you as your father dying.  But what need is there to compare the validity of grief between two people in different situations?   If you must, maybe it's worth considering what it means to her.  Maybe she lives alone, and doesn't have any friends that spend time with her outside of work.  So, basically, that dog was the only living being that she willingly related to on a daily basis.  Maybe it cheered up a lonely and otherwise empty life every day, and was a constant presence outside the office.  Maybe that dog bringing his leash to her or trying to get her to play is the thing that more often then not got her off the couch at night, or kept her from sleeping past noon every weekend.  Maybe all of her hobbies revolved around the dog... (dog park, dog walks, dog shows).  If you have a little pal who's with you when you exercise, when you eat, when you do chores, and when you lounge around at night, that pal becomes a giant part of your life, and there is a tremendous emotional investment there.  If they are suddenly ripped away from you, every moment of your home life becomes a reminder.  You can't cook without seeing the empty spot he used to watch you work in.  You can't watch TV without accidentally reaching over to scratch a head that isn't there.  Instead of coming home to a burst of excitement and happiness at the door, you have to come home to a quiet lonely room.  When a dog owner feels down, she can go hug her buddy and know--every time--that some little being is happy that she's there, no matter how much of a bad mood she's in.  Take all that away, add the feeling that you lost your best friend, and consider the isolation inherent in the fact that most people around you are seeing your grief and instead of sympathizing, are thinking "why doesn't she stop making a big deal about this and get a new one?"...and I think you can understand that the loss of a dog can be an enormous blow for a particular type of person.   Perhaps there are many people who would criticize anyone who lets a dog become that important to them, but once it is done, you have to recognize that having your best pal suddenly ripped away from you (as is often the case with dogs) can be very painful.  All she was trying to convey to you is that she understood the feeling of loss, and shared with you the most recent or powerful thing that has aggrieved her.   How does it even occur to you to think it's insulting that her pain doesn't come from exactly the same type of loss as yours?
0	Well you see the way the place I work at is, as of now, has a huge influx of people that are either incredibly dumb (I really do blame this on the GM for not having me present at his interviews, hes an alcoholic and I don't trust his judgment at all for interviews since every new hire has been just terrible at the job...which is a simple damn job;  even if he is a friend I still think of him as not being able to perform his job very well.) and the people we've had for a while either don't want more responsibility or have tried to do what I do and just fail at it miserably.   It's quite a tight situation, as I said I don't want to screw over my buddy but I do want to get paid more and work the hours I want to work (Right now I'm kinda stuck working the shittiest hours of anyone in the store, which is 5PM-4 AM every fucking time I work as no one else is willing to do it or "can't do it because of pre-existing life issues") I know that this is a dead end job unless he gets fired for possibly drinking on the job (which he does quite frequently, or just showing up drunk) because the owner just simply does not pay his management what he should.  I know of many other franchises and stores within this franchise that actually do pay what the management is worth, and this owners few stores simply are underpaid and he consistently wonders why he has a problem keeping management for as long as other stores are able to.  Fuck, hes had his GM's picked up by other owners seeing how good they are and offering more;  I am not liking the direction corporate is bringing the company though with some changes that are due to go down in the next few months.   Sorry for the ramble, I guess I just need to vent to someone even if it may go unread just typing it out is making me feel kinda relieved;  even though I tell my buddy he shouldn't be drinking at work or showing up drunk his fucking response is always, "I'm better at work when I'm drunk because I can function quite well when I am." when I see his performance get worse every day as he realizes I pick up more and more slack.   Oh shit there I go on with the rambling.  Thank you for the good wishes and obligatory
0	Gather round children, to hear my tale of woe.   Over the summer, I worked at a daycare. It was fun, but that is besides the point. One day, the supervisor came up to me. She said, "tomorrow, we are having a special day. In the playroom, there will be buckets and buckets, enough to fill the entire room, of Legos."   So obviously I'm excited. If the kids are playing with them, that means I get to play with them. All day I waited, patiently.   The next day arrives. The room supervisor decides to go at the end of the day. Aww. Whatever, I have waited this long, I can handle a few more hours.   The time comes.   We lead them upstairs. I'm excited, the kids are excited, oh joy of joys!   Two containers of megablocks in the far corner. That's it. I nearly cried.   What monster does that, raise your hopes and just crashes them down?
1	I agree with you man. I used to main ADC, but too many times the support wouldn't really know what to do but take cs. I once played with a Nidalee who called "supp" in Lobby. Then proceeded to take cs from me while I was in lane. I'm fine if you take cs when I'm out of lane, but while I'm in lane I'd much rather you be harassing the enemy, warding or zoning the other carry.   Also ADC's really can't make plays because they don't have much cc, or utility. The support or jungler comes in set's up the kill and the ADC does damage and picks it up. Bot lane ADC's are nothing without a support.   BUT not all ADC's are bad. I once played with an ADC who: 1) Gave me a kill or two mid game so I could get that Iron Locket and Runic. 2) Bought a few wards throughout the game. 3) Apologized to me when we both died because I missed my crescendo (I was so embarrassed QQ) and told me "It happens. Don't worry" 4) Defended me when the rest of the team was typing stuff like "Sona noob... 2/8" "LOL sona feeder report pls 2/8" and explained to them what a support's role is.
1	Looking forward to Dreamhack? :D  Going there myself and looking extremly foward meeting the clg team!
1	oh i know, and i go through the other ones with saint, etc. however the
1	People crying about the price are likely not aware of/do not care about the meta. If they cared that much they would just suck it up and buy the pages with IP or RP.   I have found alot of people use the lack of runepages in order to avoid playing a character/role they dont like.   "I cant support I dont have runes for it now u have to."   I highly doubt that if they were given another runepage it would go to having support runes in it. They would likely find another argument like that they didnt put support runes in it. Or, even more likely, they would just ignore the near requirement of support altogether and troll.
0	I don't think what you did is a good thing, and you should feel some shame for doing it...   But I get it.   Kids can't appreciate 15 bucks like an adult can, and he's a little kid, it's not the last 15 dollars he will ever lose.   Plus, if the kid cries enough with big, wet puppy-dog eye, adults will give him money just to feel better. Hell, he could probably even come out ahead.   I wouldn't high-five you for this, but if you offered me one of the beers I would not turn it down.
0	People who drive themselves to damage to succeed should not be treated as heroes by default - it should be seen as tragic. There is nothing admirable about watching a fellow human being wreck themselves, and the systems that push people to have to do this (or to think they have to do this if they want to be successful) should be called out for what they are and torn down.   It's not that people who strive shouldn't be admired, it's that people who cannot do this to themselves (and lots of people are not capable, for a huge variety of reasons) to "succeed" should not be failures, and thought they may not be the most successful people, they shouldn't be relegated to failures, spit upon, looked down on, and disregarded.
0	I used to think this same thing, until two days ago. You see, two days ago was when my seven - year - old daughter decided she would fulfill my bi - weekly request.   This is where things went horribly horribly wrong.   What's the worst that could happen?   Think about that while I spend my second day replacing the toilet that consumed a certain 5 - inch spring loaded metal rod.
0	Don't get me wrong, I too believe that the average quality of the human dna declines - however, I think it is correct to assume that we'll be able to engineer humans prior to reaching problems caused by this "unnatural" reproduction.   We have the luxury of being able to choose what is ethically justifiable.   It's not like we encourage people with certain genetic disorders to reproduce and pass them on, they probably don't even want for their potential children to be a burden to society and/or have a hard time growing up.   But we can't ban them from doing so, because who gets to decide whether you're genetically suitable or not and what are the traits that would exclude someone?   Also, a defect today could be required for survival tomorrow. For example:  (
0	Yes!! I was a pack a day/pack and a half depending on the days. Don't buy a blu ecig or a gas station one, they are a waste of time and money and ..they just suck.. I got a  Kanger evod starter  and they sometimes make the liquid in the store so its all fresh and exactly what you want. One bottle (5-15$) is about = 7/10 (40~60$) packs of puffs (nicotine levels are variant and they help you decide depending on what you were cigs you smoked before). At first i was using it NON STOP all day long but after a while I slowed down, the Twist battery lasts about a whole day going nonstop so I only had to worry about refilling the juice. My only other advice to the starter is if your not getting fresh made juice (if you buy bottles from a tobacco store that has them sitting on the shelf) is to take the cap off and let the water or alcohol evaporate from it for a few days. They use that to preserve the juice but its not good to vape them, also it blands out the flavor a bit. I HAVE smoked a few cigs while out drinking since I quit and the taste is so horrible, and the smell is almost sickening when it just lingers on your hand and clothes you will wonder how you did it for so many years..and you WONT want to buy a whole pack..Best of luck!
1	I think he seriously means it. If only 10% of 20 million people spend money, that's still 2 million spending money. The least you can spend is $5. That's $10 million. I would imagine that a company of their size will be making at least 20% of that as profit. (~$2 million/year)   I say a company of their size because even though they have a huge game, they are still a small company. They don't have departments planning new graphics engines for sequals and department planning ports for XboX PS3 and the like.   EA, Blizzard, and other huge companies have hundreds of people working for them. I doubt Riot has 100. That means a smaller facility, less equipment, less insurance, and less payroll for a company with 2 million people paying for their game. Big companies tend to have more complex gaming engines and graphics requiring more man-hours and more expensive hardware and software. They also have to pay people more because they can do more complex things. (Rioters probably can to, but they don't have to)
0	I wish I could upvote this a million times. I'm 20 and I still have a "friend" who does this. He asks to come over to my apartment under the pretense of "hanging out." More often than not I'm in the middle of a game already when he shows up, and since I have to get up to open the door for him, I figure, "hey since I'm already up, might as well get a drink/take a piss/whatever." Big mistake. As soon as my back's turned he's already switched games and taken possession of my controller (I've lost saves from this happening, he gives no fucks about it).   He never wants to play anything other than Red Dead Redemption or Assassin's Creed, so I imposed the die/switch rule. His reaction? Aimlessly wander around and occasionally kill someone when there's no chance he'll get swamped by guards, so he almost never dies. I tried using this tactic on him so he'd know what it feels like for me, but all he does is bitch about it. More recently I've taken to browsing Reddit whenever he comes over, ignoring him and the PS3 entirely.   Additionally, one time I fell asleep when he was over. When I woke up he was gone and my fridge had been raided. Bastard. Needless to say I don't answer his calls much these days.
1	kind of ex-toxic player. I consider/ed myself to know alot about the game even though my mechanics dont mirror my knowledge. Hence I flamed players because they didnt do what was obvious to me and I didnt realise that I am doing pretty stupid stuff myself.
1	Another Starcraft reference, but Elo is a lot like APM.   There's a lot of people who try to play faster and gain APM, but they don't gain skill.  When you focus on gaining skill, your APM will naturally rise to a point that's relative to your skill level..the same goes for Elo.   Sometimes going faster is going slower.  In this case, trying to find "a shortcut" to gaining Elo is going to make you more depressed than simply playing to get better and watching it grow from that.
